===== 2025 Q4  (2025-02-28 17:26:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2025 Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants that this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is a copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Paul Frantz, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Frantz, you may begin.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review those materials. Also, please take some time to review the presentation, which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial metrics refer to GAAP financial measures, including non- GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per share, free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Paul, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. I am proud of the team's execution this year. We navigated an incredibly dynamic AI environment and accelerating server consolidation, a significant pivot to Dell IP storage and a lagging PC refresh and delivered results above our long-term value-creation framework. We grew our company while reducing our operating expenditures over the course of the year. Our modernization have made us more efficient and provided us the ability to invest more innovation and in areas of strategic differentiation. Our FY '25 revenue was $95.6 billion, up 8%, with operating income of $8.5 billion. OpEx was reduced by 4% over the course of the year. This resulted in record EPS of $8.14, up 10%, and cash flow of $4.5 billion. We continue to differentiate ourselves with consistent performance through numerous economic cycles, different technology buying and adoption cycles and our rapidly innovating technology ecosystem. Some examples of the innovation from this past year. We added five platforms to our AI-optimized portfolio, including support of the oil architectures, the highlight being the PowerEdge XE9712 supporting NVIDIA's NVL72 GB200, which we were the first to ship in the world. We launched the Dell Infrastructure Rack Sobel system, our IR7000 and 5000 in both 21-inch and 19-inch versions, providing up to 96 GPUs in a rack and 786 GPUs in a scalable unit. We have made significant advancements of CPUs, cold plates metals and power distribution with our IR7000 supporting up to 480 kilowatts per rep. We introduced our direct-to-chip liquid cooling version of the 9680, providing 33% density improvement and 2.5x improvement in energy efficiency. We made significant advancements to PowerStore with PowerStore Prime, our mid-range storage solution addressing the fastest-growing portion of the market. And we introduced the PowerScale F910 and F710 in our unstructured portfolio that is prime to support unstructured and AI workloads. We introduced the most Copilot+ PCs powered by ARM-based Qualcomm Snapdragon processors and also launched the broadest portfolio of Intel Meteor Lake commercial PCs, furthering our number one leadership position in commercial AI PCs worldwide. We continued our number one leadership in PC monitors with the world's first 4k monitors to achieve 5-star Eye Comfort certification. focused on expanding our peripherals portfolio selling everything around the PC docking stations, cameras, mice, keyboards and headsets, including the first and only holistic solution to manage your fleet of PCs and peripherals remotely, creating the best possible customer experience. And finally, we simplified our branding, redesigned our PC portfolio and broadened our silicon options across Intel, AMD and Qualcomm, setting us up well for the PC refresh. We are extremely well positioned to capture growth across every segment of our business and extend AI from the largest at-scale CSPs to enterprise workloads and out to the edge with the PC. These tailwinds and our unique operating model that leverages our leading product positions, our go-to-market engine, services and supply chain, underpin our confidence that our opportunity continues to grow as we look ahead to FY '26. Moving to Q4. Revenue was $23.9 billion, up 7%, driven by a robust ISG growth. We executed particularly strong with substantial operating margin improvement in ISG driven by our Dell IP storage portfolio. This resulted in EPS of $2.68, up 18%, growing faster than revenue. Turning to BU results. Let's start with ISG. The prospects for AI are strong, and we are very well positioned. In Q4, AI orders demand was $1.7 billion with $2.1 billion in shipments in order with $4.1 billion in backlog as customers work through technology changes. And in February, our partnership with XAI and other customers continued. We booked deals putting our AI backlog at roughly $9 billion as of today. Our pipeline expanded sequentially and has grown every quarter since the introduction of the 9680. We are seeing continued progress in AI from enterprise customers, albeit still earlier in their journey with sequential growth in both orders and customers. And our engineering services, financing and ability to optimize density and performance per watt are important differentiators for the largest at-scale CSPs and provide very efficient enterprise solutions. In traditional servers, the growth trajectory continues, up double digits in Q4. We've now seen 5 quarters of year-over-year demand. Our mix of 16G servers continues to increase as customers remain focused on consolidation to improve power efficiency and increase floor space. The server consolidation in the data center is expanding server TRUs driven by service with more CPU cores, storage and memory. In storage, we saw P&L growth for the second consecutive quarter with very strong profitability driven by our Dell IP storage portfolio. PowerStore, our flagship midrange product, has had strong demand growth for four consecutive quarters, the most recent three at double-digit demand growth. As I mentioned, the software and hardware updates we made with PowerStore Prime resonate with customers and partners. We have industry-leading 5:1 data reduction, delivered 30% improvement in IOPS Native MetroSync and QLC availability. We also saw double-digit demand growth in PowerScale, our leading unstructured storage platform, and continued growth in our buyer base with PowerFlex. We are well positioned in some of the fastest-growing categories within storage as customers shift towards disaggregated architectures. In CSG, we are seeing the recovery coming with strength in SMB, which historically is a leading indicator. We also saw large opportunities within the quarter, which were very competitive. Commercial was up 5%, marking the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth and the fourth consecutive quarter of demand growth. Consistent with what we saw coming out of Q3, customers are waiting to refresh to buy AI PCs that future-proof their purchases going forward. Consumer continues to be challenged with softer demand and elevating levels of discounting. We expect a broader PC refresh this year as the installed base continues to age, we get closer to the Windows 10 end of life and AI PCs are more broadly available. To close, I am proud of our FY '25 results and our ability to execute our strategy, leveraging our strengths to extend our leadership positions and capture new growth. The AI hardware and services TAM has nearly doubled over the course of the year to $295 billion in 2027, growing at a 33% CAGR. We are well positioned in AI, traditional servers, storage with our focus on Dell IP and PCs, including everything around the device. We continue to drive a disproportionate level of AI growth by demonstrating the value we provide to our customers and I'm excited for the tailwinds surrounding our business as we enter FY '26. Now over to Yvonne for more details about Q4.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Jeff. Let me begin with an overview of our Q4 performance, then I'll move to ISG, CSG cash and guidance. In the fourth quarter, we delivered strong profitability, specifically in ISG. Our total revenue was up 7% to $23.9 billion. This was driven by continued strength in servers. Our combined ISG and CSG business grew 10%. Gross margin was $5.8 billion or 24.3% of revenue. This is down 50 basis points due to a more competitive pricing environment, predominantly in CSG and an increase in our AI-optimized server mix. Within gross margin, we discovered previously unrecognized accumulated credits from suppliers. You'll find revised financial results within our Q4 press release that reflect higher gross margin and increased earnings per share for the relevant period. Operating expense was down 6% to $3.1 billion or 13.1% of revenue. FY '25 was a transformative year as we reevaluated, reimagined and modernized how we operate. This enabled us to unlock efficiencies and increase productivity, all while growing our core business double digits. Now let's look at operating income. We delivered a 22% increase to $2.7 billion or 11.2% of revenue. This was driven by higher revenue and lower operating expenses, partially offset by a decline in our gross margin rate. Q4 net income was up 15% to $1.9 billion primarily driven by stronger operating income. And our diluted EPS was up 18% to $2.68. Now let's move to ISG, where we delivered another quarter of strong performance. ISG revenue was $11.4 billion, up 22%. Servers and networking revenue was a Q4 record at $6.6 billion, up 37%. We continue to see strong demand across both AI and traditional servers. Storage revenue was up 5% to $4.7 billion, a second consecutive quarter of growth. We executed very well in storage. We had a record demand quarter for PowerStore. PowerScale grew double digits, and our PowerFlex buyer base grew. While the overall demand environment is lagging that of traditional servers, we see some promising trends. We had record ISG operating income of $2.1 billion, up 44%. This was driven primarily by higher revenue. Our ISG operating income rate was up again sequentially to a record 18.1% of revenue. The rate improvement of 480 basis points was the result of improved gross margins, especially in storage, and reduced operating expense. Within storage, we saw record profitability driven by a higher mix of Dell IP versus partner IP, improved product profitability and revenue scaling in what is seasonally our strongest quarter. Now let's turn to CSG. CSG revenue was up 1% to $11.9 billion. Commercial revenue was up 5% to $10 billion, while consumer revenue was down 12% to $1.9 billion. CSG operating income was $0.6 billion or 5.3% of revenue. This is down 90 basis points sequentially due to a more competitive pricing environment. We saw some promising signs as we went through November and December with pockets of strength in large deals, but overall saw a slowdown in January. As Jeff mentioned, we saw strength in small and medium business, which is historically a leading indicator. Profitability in commercial was weaker than expected as demand continued to push into the next fiscal year. In consumer, the demand environment remains soft and profitability remains challenged. We are ready and well positioned for a PC refresh with our simplified rebrand, leading go-to-market engine and focus on commercial PCs, the most profitable segments of the market. Shifting gears, Dell Financial Services continues to drive differentiated payment solutions for our customers. We exited the year with a record $15 billion in assets under management, up 5%. And when you normalize for the exit of our VMware resell business and the discontinuation of our commercial revolving product, DFS originations were up 7% in Q4 with a strong attach rate across the business. Now let's move to cash flow and the balance sheet. Q4 cash flow from operations was $0.6 billion. This was primarily driven by profitability, partially offset by working capital. Our cash conversion cycle was negative 31 days with $6.7 billion in inventory. We ended the quarter with $5.2 billion in cash and investments, down $1.4 billion sequentially. Our core leverage ratio was down sequentially to 1.2x. We returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders with 6.4 million shares of stock repurchased at an average price of $117.51 and paid a dividend of $0.45 per share. Since our capital reaching program began at the beginning of FY '23, we've returned $10.8 billion to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. We announced an 18% increase in our annual dividend to $2.10 per share, well above our long-term value-creation framework. Additionally, the Board of Directors has approved a $10 billion increase in our share repurchase authorization. This is a testament to our confidence in the business and our ability to generate strong cash flow. Turning to FY '26 guidance. IT spending is expected to grow with 3 underlying trends that we see. First, businesses are leveraging AI to enable competitive advantages, and we are seeing that in our opportunity pipeline that continues to expand. Second, data center modernization is well underway with a focus on consolidation and power efficiency. Third, customers are planning to refresh their PC installed base with AI-enabled devices. As these trends materialize, we will leverage our operating model that has driven value creation over the last 40 years. Against that backdrop, we expect revenue and EPS growth in FY '26 above our long-term value-creation framework. We expect FY '26 revenue to be between $101 billion and $105 billion with a midpoint of $103 billion, up 8%. We expect ISG to grow high teens driven by $15 billion of AI server shipments and continued growth in traditional server and storage. And we expect CSG to grow low to mid-single digits, more weighted towards the second half of the year. We expect the combination of ISG and CSG to grow 10% at the midpoint. Given the higher mix of our AI-optimized servers and the current competitive environment, we expect our gross margin rate to decline roughly 100 basis points. As our modernization efforts continue, we expect OpEx to be down low single digits year-over-year. We expect ISG operating income rate to be roughly flat year-over-year with CSG down slightly. We expect I&O to be between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $9.30 plus or minus $0.25, up 14% at the midpoint, assuming an annual non-GAAP tax rate of 18%. For Q1, we expect revenue to be between $22.5 million and $23.5 billion, up 3% at the midpoint of $23 billion. ISG and CSG combined are expected to grow 6% at the midpoint with ISG growing low teens and CSG flat year-over-year. Gross margin rate will be lower sequentially given seasonally lower storage mix and a higher AI-optimized server mix. OpEx will be down low single digits year-over-year. We expect operating income rate to be down sequentially given typical seasonality in ISG with lower storage mix. We expect our diluted share count to be between 706 million and 710 million shares, and our diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.65 plus or minus $0.10, up 25% at the midpoint. In closing, we delivered solid FY '25 results, well above our long-term value-creation framework. We generated $95.6 billion in revenue, record EPS of $8.14 and returned $3.9 billion of capital to our shareholders. We executed our strategy and expanded our lead in AI while positioning our core business for the opportunity ahead. Internally, we began a transformation to future-proof the company, focusing on supplying, automating and modernizing how we work. And as we look forward, I'm excited about the sustainable growth we see and the value we will continue to deliver to our customers and our shareholders. Now I'll turn it back to Paul to begin Q&A.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Yvonne. Let's get to Q&A. In order to ensure we get to as many of as possible, please ask one concise question. Let's go to the first question, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. Yvonne, could you talk through the fiscal '26 guide? And what sort of maybe some of the assumptions that are incorporated beyond what you stated? Your revenues are going to be up roughly in total about 7.7%, EPS up about 14%. But your comments on ISG and CSG margins are flat to down, and you noted a fairly competitive environment. So can you just bridge those sort of comments to your EPS growth? How much is coming potentially from buybacks? And have you made any tariff-related assumptions in these margin guides? Thank you so much.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Wamsi. So yes, in the guide for the year, we guided to the $103 billion of midpoint, up 8%, with everything growing, right? ISG and CSG expected to be up combined about 10%. If I look at ISG, which I think some of your question is coming from, we expect that to be in the high teens, fueled by that $15 billion of AI server shipments that we referred to as well as continued growth in both traditional server and storage, I'd say with storage in the low single digits. CSG, we do expect to grow in the mid-single digits coming up for the year that's just begun with that refresh cycle that we're expecting to be more weighted towards the second half of the year. OpEx is another area. We guided to it being down low single digits year-over-year. That's just a continuation of all of the efficiencies that we're driving across the entire company. And then the improving year-over-year to the 9.1%, up from 8.9%, so an improvement there. When I think of what to expect from an ISG standpoint from an offing level, we're saying roughly flat year-over-year. And we expect there to be continued competition, I guess, is the right way to put it in CSG. But again, we've guided and embedded that in there. And I go back to ISG real quick and say, hey, we are going to be growing the AI business while continuing to drive profitability there. So we'll continue to balance, as we have been doing, our growth and profitability. And we're going to manage pricing, we're going to manage the competitive environment, and we're going to continue to drive value for our shareholders.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Wamsi.
Operator: And the next question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Great guys, thanks so much for taking my question. Jeff, a question I often get from investors is kind of about the risk of ODM encroachment in the AI server market. As customers get more sophisticated over time, competition intensifies, potentially margins face downward pressure. Effectively, the concern is AI servers become somewhat of a cloud 2.0 type of disintermediation. Clearly, your AI server backlog helps to refute this concern. But I would love if you could just maybe -- how would you respond to those concerns if you got that question? Thanks so much.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Thanks, Erik. I mean, do we see the ODMs in these large opportunities? Of course, we do. These are multibillion-dollar opportunities. Everybody tends to show up and wants an opportunity to win the business. When I step back and reflect why Dell and why we continue to be optimistic here is this is custom work. It takes significant engineering capability. It takes significant architecture capability to win. And in many cases, we're building a unique and differentiated solution for each and every customer. And our customers have learned to value what we've been able to bring to them across their deployments, whether that is the service side when we extend beyond an L10 server out of the factory with L11 and L12 and full integration of Iraq, on the network expertise we bring to do the install and deployment of very complex network arrays. When I think about service, the ability that we have a global service footprint, professional servers can show up anywhere to solve any related problem or hands-on in these very large deployments with full-time teams. Literally, they're 24/7 trying to get them up and running. I think about the financing capabilities that we have in our company and the ability to help these CSPs, these fast- growing companies grow at the rates they want with our financing capabilities, I think about our go-to-market coverage and I think about the expertise we have in the top 30-or-so CSPs digital natives, our ability to scale this to enterprise. Erik, every time I look at this question, and I don't really focus on ODMs or for that matter, other OEMs. I look at the differentiated value we are bringing to the marketplace with the Dell company bringing end-to-end solutions. And right now, it's valued. And right now, we continue to differentiate. Right now, we help these large scale clusters get deployed faster than anybody else. I'll remind you, I probably did last time as well, we were the first to bring to market a GB200 rack. That's not by luck. It's by a lot of hard work, detailed engineering, collaborating in this case with NVIDIA and our customer to be able to take out every ounce of time and run at the speed of light, so to speak. So we're going to continue to invest in that differentiation. We're going to continue to make us stand out to be different. Our customers really value the full range of our capabilities. They like the notion of a one place to go. I'm not sure others bring that. I know we do, and I know we're extracting value from the marketplace for that with our customers and our deployments.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Thank you, Jeff. I appreciate it. Good luck, guys.
Jeff Clarke: You're welcome.
Operator: And the next question will come from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thank you very much for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us your thoughts on your exposure to the U.S. federal government. Basically, how big is it typically as a percent of your revenue? And how are you thinking about the trend given all the noise we hear out of Washington around budget cuts and spending cuts?
Yvonne McGill: So Simon, I'll take a pass at that. We do business in 170-plus countries around the world. Obviously, our largest country is the United States, and we do business with the federal government. But I can't really parse out exactly what you're asking for. We're certainly going to lean into all opportunities that are ahead of us and continue to be successful in that space. I don't know...
Jeff Clarke: No, I would add to what Yvonne said. We've had numerous times in our history where a country or a particular segment demand was suppressed for various reasons. We've been able to navigate the cycles, I think, pretty successfully. Our underlying belief is United States government will need technology. AI plays a pretty significant role in our nation. And I think the demand will materialize. We'll get through whatever is happening today. And we have a broad business to be able to do that. Whether it's PC, servers, storage, AI solutions, our services making it up in other parts of the world, other parts of the United States, we've again proven we've done that consistently, and we'll do so here.
Yvonne McGill: We can help drive efficiencies in every environment. So excited about the opportunity ahead.
Simon Leopold: Thanks, Yvonne.
Operator: And our next question will come from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Just building on Erik's fire question, I'm curious, Jeff, as we really start to see the materialization of the Blackwell product cycle through your AI backlog, I'm curious, when you're engaged in like rack scale configurations, how would you compare the margin profile of those relative to the AI business on, let's say, the Hopper product cycle? And can you talk a little bit about the levers that you see to improve that margin as we move through 2025? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, Aaron. I think I mentioned in the last call that the Blackwell margins were lower than the Hopper margins and remains so today. We're still early. The deals are very large upfront. There's more competitors, so it's a more competitive landscape. And I'll probably sound a little redundant with the last answer with Erik. Look, this is a system design and architecture work. There's an ability to really distinguish our engineering and value add in that step, which is an opportunity for us to extract value and opportunity for us to reduce cost. These aren't reference designs or as we would affectionately call in the engineering community, they're not cookie-cutter designs. We're designing a unique rack, a unique power distribution unit. Our cooling, our manifold, the cold plate, the ability to engineer that and to drive that through the scale of our supply chain are opportunities for us, helping our customers attach with our networking with our storage or opportunities. And while still small, it remains an opportunity because every large cluster, and for that matter, every AI workload requires data to fulfill its need. Services, installation, deployment, those are value-add opportunities for us that we continue to build on, and then obviously, the ability to be a time-to-market advantage. Those are areas that we continue to focus on. They drive differentiation. I think Yvonne and I have been consistent for the better part of the year that AI servers are margin rate-dilutive. They are margin dollar-accretive. They are operating margin-positive. They are profitable. And what's really interesting for us, if we take the work that we're doing in these large clusters, it really scales nicely to the enterprise. It allows us to really take the efficiencies and learnings from what we're doing with the largest clusters in the world and build optimized solutions for very specific domain-specific AI use cases. And our experience to date is the AI margins in enterprise are better, and I think they'll continue to be, and that's what we're focusing on.
Aaron Rakers: Okay, thanks, Eric.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: Hi good afternoon. Thank you for the question. I just have one on the ISG margin outlook of flat year-over-year for the upcoming year. It's a great outlook, particularly considering AI server revenues growing 50%. So can you talk a little bit about the expectations for margins for some of the components, traditional servers, storage AI servers? I'm just trying to understand the ability to keep ISG margins flat despite presumably the dilutive effect from the AI server margins. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: I think, Mike, maybe the way to look at this is the, first and foremost, as we think about holding ISG margins flat, I love the way that you asked the question, we're going to do that by growing at least $15 billion in AI servers. I know your question is how we're going to do that. But for us, that's a very important mark that we're going to be able to meet that operating range that we've committed in our long-term framework and we're going to grow at a minimum of $15 billion in AI servers. And we're going to do that by what we've done in traditional servers and what we've done in storage. The storage leverage that Yvonne talked about earlier is front and center. When we grow the storage business and we control our expenses, scale matters, the operating margins improve. When we pivot to Dell IP storage, which we have done, our margins improve. The margins of our own IP are vastly superior than third-party IP. We've been doing that for some time. We made mention, I think, in our remarks about PowerStore. It's grown four consecutive quarters on the van line, the last three, double-digit; in the largest space in the external storage marketplace, midrange. It has differentiated features. We're going to continue to leverage our IP storage. We're building out the customer base with our direct sales force and our partner-first channel program. We're continuing to invest in the innovation and differentiation in our storage. And with our coverage, the broadest coverage in our industry, and the deepest specialty capability, we're going to continue to grow the customer base, which I might add, the PowerFlex customer base grew, the PowerScale customer base grew, the PowerStore customer base grew. And then lastly, we're looking to attach more storage to every AI opportunity that we have. Our traditional storage business continues to grow, 5 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth. We've seen an expansion of ERUs as we see the consolidation continuing to occur in the data center to free up more floor space and become more power efficiency. We see our 16G and 17G products ramping nicely. And those are driving, again, more cores, more memory, more SSDs, more margin dollars per server that we put in the marketplace. That's how we're doing it. If I missed anything, Yvonne...
Yvonne McGill: Thank you. I think you hit it.
Operator: And the next question will come from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research.
Ben Reitzes: Hey, thanks guys. Appreciate it. Could you be more specific on the guidance for this year with regard to tariffs? What are you factoring in for China in particular? Is it the 10% or today, this morning's 20%? And then are you instituting any remedies? And what are your thoughts about remedies like raising prices, moving stuff around? And how are you adjusting for that? Thanks a lot.
Jeff Clarke: Well, Ben, maybe I'll take a swing at it, and Yvonne can clean up on this one here. Whatever was announced this morning, which we know things were announced this morning is not on what we just said. That said, this is a pretty darn dynamic environment as represented what we heard this morning. It's fluid. We built an industry-leading supply chain that's globally diverse, agile, resilient that helps us minimize the impacts of these trade regulations, tariffs to our customers and shareholders. We've been monitoring this for some time. We've taken our digital supply chain, our digital twins actually using some AI modelling to look at every possible scenario that you might imagine of this country, that country restrictions here, awaits here. To help us understand how we optimize our network and how we that in the least amount of time at the speed of Dell. And whatever tariff we cannot mitigate, we view that as an input cost. And as our input costs go up, it may require us to adjust prices. That's what we've done in the past. I can't imagine we're going to do anything differently. Yvonne, if I missed something.
Yvonne McGill: No, I think you hit it. We'll take into account the input costs and price accordingly in this competitive environment that we're operating in such, continue onwards.
Operator: And we'll take a question from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: Great, thanks guys. Maybe just on ISG xAI. So if we take -- maybe Yvonne for you, if we take your kind of outlook at face value, it points to incredibly strong growth in traditional server and storage. I know you just posted relatively good numbers. But what are you seeing in the marketplace vis-à-vis your traction versus your competitors? And kind of how do we think about getting to high single-digit growth in that part of the business given sort of the macro environment that we just talked about? Thanks.
Yvonne McGill: So David, we are expecting to have growth across the full portfolio in ISG. We -- as I talked about, we're expecting to have storage growing in the low single digits, server higher than that and then the $15 billion at least in AI servers. So I guess we'll continue -- there's lots of opportunities out there where there continues to be multiples of what we've already seen. The pipeline continues to grow. I don't know, Jeff, what you'd add to that around ISG. I feel confident and comfortable in the guide we've laid out for the full year and the opportunity that it has.
Jeff Clarke: Yes. Maybe a little bit of color. Let's take storage as an example. You're seeing a pivot to our Dell IP storage. Modern workloads demand an architecture that can be flexible, sufficient, optimizes performance. And we think a disaggregated architecture is the right answer with the modern workloads. That presents a headwind of our large position that we have in HCI, which will become smaller. But we're going to overcome that by taking share in our Dell IP storage portfolio across the board in the midrange. Our software to find project like -- or product like PowerFlex and then PowerScale in the infrastructure space. So I mean, I think that gives you a sense of a headwind that may exist there that on the surface may not be obvious, but it's certainly something that we're challenged as we pivot towards our storage, which is more profitable.
Yvonne McGill: I was going to say it's more profitable to do our own.
Jeff Clarke: There's revenue that we'll see go away at a lower margin rate, the HCI business. We have a secular decline in the high-end space where we're the market leader with our PowerMax product. So we're going to overcome those and drive the growth that Yvonne mentioned. And then traditional servers, I don't know if you've seen some of the recent market forecast. It's low single-digit growth. We're going to take share. We've now had five consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth that's coming off 8 quarters of a consolidation period or - of a consumption period, I should say. And we think this consolidation continues. But the consolidation drives fewer units. Those units are actually higher in TRU because of the more cores, memory and SSDs I mentioned earlier. And we continue to see that driving our traditional server business. I hope that context helped a little bit.
David Vogt : Great. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks a lot.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, David.
Operator: And moving on to Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. I guess I have a question on free cash flow. In fiscal '25, it looks like your free cash flow is down a couple of billion dollars versus '24. Can you just talk about what's driving this contraction in free cash flow? And maybe, Yvonne, you can help us kind of understand how do we think about free cash flow expectations as we head into fiscal '26? What are sort of puts and takes around it? It would be really helpful to kind of get the context, at least for fiscal '26, what's going on? And then, Jeff, if I could just have you talk a little bit more about -- well, I think it's really impressive that your folks are showing operating leverage in fiscal '26 despite the mix being negative. I think the fear everyone seems to have is, is this really durable or is it really driven by one-off headcount reduction or something else. So just maybe you can touch on the durability of that would be great as well?
Jeff Clarke: You go to, Tyler, then I'll come in on the durability of which structural changes we are making up in.
Tyler Johnson: Amit, look, I think -- as I was sitting here last year, I definitely thought cash flow was going to be a little bit stronger. If you look at what played out, one, we didn't see the growth in CSG that we were expecting. And as you know that throw off really good cash. And then two, we invested a lot in our AI business through inventory. And so you can see that our inventory has gone up, and that had a big impact to CCC. Now if I look where I am today and I think about FY '26, I would say I've got a few things working in my favor. So one, we're at a CCC level where historically, we've always shown improvement from here. And that will throw off good cash. We expect good CSG this year, and that will throw off good cash. And if I think about the growth in the P&L, that will throw off good cash. So look, I think we feel pretty good about cash. I do expect it to be greater than 1x and so yes.
Jeff Clarke: And then to your second question, I probably won't give you as much detail as you like because we think some of the changes we're making are very proprietary and differentiating us in the market, the fact that we can grow while reducing our operating expenditures, but Yvonne hit on it, Amit: simplify, standardize, automate. We are building a new company. We are what we call modernizing it. We've made reference to modernization. If you prefer, we're future-proofing the company and we're systematically going throughout all of the value streams in the company. And we are modernizing the work, the workflows, taking steps out of processes, taking out manual touches, simplifying and standardizing those processes, applying automation in the very technologies that we've talked about that get us excited in this marketplace, which is why we believe this AI thing makes its way to enterprise, we are deploying AI in the enterprise. The broad categories of use cases are industry-known, whether that's content creation and management, support assistance, natural language search, design and data creation, cogeneration or document automation. Those are broad enterprise use cases. We are deploying those types of technologies inside our company and seeing tremendous efficiency from that and it is durable. It's not a one- timer.
Yvonne McGill: What's so exciting as we're making all these changes, we're making investments. But we're driving all this efficiency to enable that. So the net, what you're seeing us guide to is a lower spend, but it's because we're driving all of these efficiencies will enable us to invest OP spending.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think that's very important. I think I mentioned it in the remarks comment that we are reducing the cost. And we've built, if you will, the ability to invest more in our innovation engines, more in our areas where we drive distinct advantages. Our sales force, we've invested in our sales force over the past year, we've invested in services, we've invested in the supply chain while reducing our cost.
Yvonne McGill: And it's just the beginning. Thanks Amit.
Operator: And the next question will come from Matt Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt Niknam: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. My question is on CSG. I can ask about a different segment. The guidance implies an acceleration over the course of the year. And I'm just wondering what sort of visibility or confidence level you have there that this long-awaited PC refresh will finally materialize. And I ask that in context of a relative slowdown that was referenced in January?
Jeff Clarke: Yes. Matt, maybe this will shed some optimism on why we believe that this refresh that we've talked about is in the making. I mean, clearly, we've talked about there's 1.5 billion or so PCs in the installed base. We'll say half of them are 4 years or older. It's got to flip 360 million PCs turned 4 years old that were bought in 2021 this year. Those are normally flags for opportunity for refresh, but probably the more compelling reasons, and I think there are two. We're 9 months away from the Windows 10 end of life. There's over 500 million PCs running today that can't -- running Windows 10 that can't run Windows 11. There's more than 200 million PCs today running Windows 10 that can run Windows 11. Those are prime targets for upgrades. It's just a large pool of old machines running an older version of the operating system that could be upgraded. If you were to reflect on where we were with the Windows 7 end of life compared to where we are today, let's just say we have a long way to go in the next 9 months to catch up and be ready for the end of life. We made reference that SMB for us had strength. That's always an indicator that things are beginning to move. One of the countries that really show a traditional or historical perspective that the refresh is underway is Japan. If you look at the dynamics in the Japan marketplace, it is clearly moving through refresh as it will get done towards the end of October. And then probably the last thing and the most exciting thing and what is actually driving some of the - I think, reticence to refresh right now is AI PCs. And the number of new AI PCs that are coming out in the first half of the year, we clearly just launched a bunch of Lunar Lake-based notebooks in January. Suffice to say, there's more coming. We've announced AMD AI PCs. Customers are going to want to look under the hood at each of those and then make a decision that will future-proof their decision of what is the right correct AI PC for them because they'll have the asset for at least 4 years. All of that makes us feel more confident that the refresh is coming, albeit delayed, slower than any that I've encountered in my career. But all of the data suggests it's there, it's coming, it's coming at a good rate and probably extends. Does that help?
Matt Niknam: It did. Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Niknam: You are welcome.
Operator: And the next question will come from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.
Ananda Baruah: Yes, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the question. Really appreciate it. One for me, maybe two parts, but related. Could you talk to, Jeff, how you guys are thinking about the server refresh durability? I believe after last call, you talked about part of the current catalyst is folks sort of refreshing older PCs for space and power savings in some to prepare for GenAI. And this is ahead of processor refreshes, so I guess sort of the context of durability of the traditional server growth you see going on now. And then just the sort of add-on to that is you had mentioned focusing -- or targeting to increase attach -- store attach to your GenAI servers. Would just love what you're thinking about there. And what are the mechanics of getting that taken care of over time? That's it for me. Thanks, guys.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let me try the server one again. As I mentioned, we're 5 quarters now of year-over-year growth that's coming off an 8-quarter digestion period. In our guide and what we're trying to articulate is that continues for another 4 quarters. So 5 quarters becomes 9 quarters of growth, tempering a little bit. Still driven by the same dynamics that you so well said is freeing up floor space and driving energy efficiency and cooling efficiency. The consolidation occurs, as you look at the installed base, and we have -- just Dell has a very large installed base of 13G and 14G servers all ripe to be replaced with the new 16G server and -- or 17G server. Those conversion rates are roughly a 3 to 4 of the old servers can be, if you will, replaced by a single 16G server, and 6 to 7 of the old servers can be replaced by a single 7G server. Why? Because they have more cores, they're more memory, more storage, they're more energy-efficient. And again, that continues, we believe, throughout the fiscal '26, calendar '25. We've seen no signs that is going to go away from us in that period of time. If you flip over to your other question, again, the fundamental premises, AI needs data. It devours data. You got to feed the beast. The feeding of that beast, if you will, has to be closer to where the computational capability is. So hot and warm storage, the notion of parallel file systems, unstructured file systems, data management tools that help find data and help data be ingested are the opportunities. We have the leading platform for unstructured data. We continue to make it better with the F910 and F710 that I mentioned earlier. Nearly a year ago, we talked about a parallel file system that we are building, Project Lightning, we referred to it. So we're coming to the marketplace with a AI-driven parallel file system. And our Dell data lake house allows us to help customers prepare their information, manage their information and just their information. Our sales force is incented to attach storage with AI opportunities. They will continue to be incented and we inspect that, and we continue to see progress in that area.
Ananda Baruah: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Again, Samik Chatterjee, your line is open. Please go ahead with your questions. Perhaps you place this on mute.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, hopefully you can hear me now. Jeff, I just wanted to go back to some of your prepared remarks and -- about the $15 billion of AI server revenue that you were highlighting that you at least expect to grow to that level. Just wondering, how much of that is gated by supply, particularly versus the visibility into supply that you're getting? And how much of that commentary around sort of at least growing there is a supply dynamic versus a demand dynamic? And should we be expecting more sort of linear growth for the quarter as we think about the -- with visibility on supply? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think clearly, Hopper supply is available today. I believe there is references yesterday that Blackwell is in production and ramping. We're open for business and taking orders. The message that I really wanted to drive in our remarks is on day 27 of the fiscal year, we're trying to communicate that we are at least $15 billion in AI shipments. Our 5-quarter pipeline continues to grow. It's several multiples of our backlog. We are going to pursue every opportunity with the CSPs and in enterprise. These large-scale systems are accelerating and getting bigger. Models are quickly moving to reasoning models, which consume and require more computational capability, i.e., more computers. And the use cases continue to get clearer for enterprise to drive the return on investments they want to see to actually use AI more broadly. Algorithm innovation continues to accelerate. Again, these reasoning models are -- will consume more computational capability. They're moving to be multimodal, which even consumes more kind of like where this is going. We're optimistic. I don't see supply as an issue. Clearly, these are about building the right architecture. There's a customer preparation or customer readiness component of this, new data centers getting powered, getting water, getting cooling. There's other materials beyond the GPU, getting the rack, getting the cold plates, getting the CDUs, the PDUs, all of that is what we orchestrate. We have line of sight that is at least $15 billion. We'll continue to update as that might change. And we're all in. I don't know what else I can tell you. I hope that helped.
Paul Frantz: Thanks a lot, Samik. Justin, we'll take one more question, please, and then we'll hand it over to Jeff for a close.
Operator: Our final question will come from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you for squeezing me in here. Jeff, if I can just ask about your pipeline and the backlog itself, I mean to the extent that you see enterprises and sovereigns in that makes -- how has that changed, say, relative to a quarter ago and how you see that progressing as you ramp up or as you flush through your pipeline and your backlog? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, it's maybe slightly repetitive to the previous question. The 5-quarter pipeline grew quarter-over-quarter and has grown every quarter since the 9680 was launched. The CSP component grew, the enterprise component grew, the enterprise customer base grew, sectors like education, technology, manufacturing and government grew. Our buyer base in AI continues to grow, what we shipped in Q4. The revenue in Q4 was up. The number of new buyers was up. We're well over several -- a couple of thousand of unique customers. So it has a healthy mix of enterprise. It clearly has a healthy mix of CSPs. It continues to grow to this notion of several multiples. It's with the technologies that are out and available today, and we're excited to see that. And quite honestly, I can't remember the second half of your question. So if you'll refresh my memory, I will answer it.
Asiya Merchant: No, that's good. And then just to the extent that you see your attach with those enterprises, how much of that is really factored into your fiscal '26 guide?
Jeff Clarke: To the best of our ability, we factor in the attach of services, our professional services, our deployment services, our installation services, the ability to sell networking and network installation, the ability to sell storage. It's an all-inclusive number when we look at that at least $15 billion of AI servers in the marketplace -- shipped in the marketplace.
Paul Frantz: Asiya, thank you, and handing it over to Jeff for our close.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Thanks, everybody. I hope you can tell FY '25 was a strong year. We delivered 8% revenue and 10% EPS growth with $3.9 billion in capital returned to shareholders. Our AI business grew to $10 billion while also improving ISG margins year-over-year. In FY '26, we expect to grow revenue and EPS in excess of our long-term value framework. We expect our AI business will grow to at least $15 billion given our robust opportunity pipeline, our engineering, our services and financing advantages. This AI business drives incremental operating profit and is EPS-accretive. We'll continue to modernize the company, reducing operating expenses as we grow, driving further leverage in the P&L. We remain committed to our capital allocation framework, where we've announced an 18% increase in our annual dividend, and our share repurchase authorization increased by $10 billion. We're excited for the year ahead. Thanks for your time today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2025 Q3  (2024-11-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2025 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Paul Frantz, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Frantz, you may begin.
Paul Frantz: Thanks everyone for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website and I encourage you to review these materials. Also, please take some time to view the presentation which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per share, free cash flow, and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our webdeck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements, based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our webdeck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Paul, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. We continued to execute well and delivered strong performance in Q3. Revenue was $24.4 billion, up 10%, on strong ISG revenue growth. Diluted EPS was $2.15, up 14%, and cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion. Our focus on balanced profitability paid off, with improved operating income, earnings per share and cash flow. We're proud of the fact that year-to-date, our team has delivered 10% revenue growth in ISG and CSG combined and overall EPS of $5.31. In ISG, our AI server momentum continued, and we saw substantial expansion in our five quarter pipeline. Orders demand was a record $3.6 billion, up 11% sequentially, primarily driven by Tier 2 cloud service providers with continued growth in Enterprise customers. We have seen sequential orders demand growth every quarter since the launch of the XE9680. We shipped $2.9 billion of AI servers in Q3, resulting in AI server backlog of $4.5 billion. Our five quarter pipeline grew more than 50% sequentially with growth across all customer types. We continue to gain traction with Enterprise customers, large and small, with over 2,000 unique Enterprise customers since launch. Increasingly, Enterprises see the disruptive nature and the innovation opportunities with GenAI resulting in growing GenAI experimentation and proof-of-concepts. Underpinning our success is broad enterprise coverage, professional services, engineering leadership, and large-scale system design, all done with incredible speed and time to market. These highly specialized workloads and deployments require high-value engineering and a solutions mindset where custom designs and fast deployments are the norm. Beyond the AI servers, we like the profit pools that surround them, like power management and distribution, cooling solutions, network switches, network cables, optics, storage, deployment, maintenance, professional services and financial services. We have accelerated the speed of innovation to respond to our customers' GenAI needs over the past year. A few highlights from the past two months. We launched our 21-inch ORv3 Integrated Rack 7000, in both a 44 and 50 OU rack design with integrated cooling, power and networking that is multi-generational and future-proofed up to 480 kilowatts per rack. This rack falls in our Integrated Rack Scaleable Solutions, which are focused on at-scale deployment ensuring Dell's AI Factories can meet the demands of foundational training at the Data Center scale. We are shipping the industry's first enterprise ready GB200 NVL72 server racks with our new XE9712, with direct liquid cooling that holds up to 72 GPUs per rack. We also announced at SuperCompute 24, a new AI server supporting NVL-4, also with liquid cooling, supporting up to 144 GPUs per rack, one of the industry's most dense designs. And we have the M7725, a dense compute design, which supports up to 27,000 CPU cores per rack to meet high-performance computing demands. Our IR5000 can achieve up to 96 GPUs per rack with a more traditional 19-inch rack design. Within the IR5000, which includes the XE9680L, we introduced the XE7740 and XE7745, designed for Enterprise customers focused on inferencing. We've increased the density and performance of our PowerScale products, updating the PowerScale F710 with 61TB of QLC SSDs and capacity density of 614TB per rack unit. And with a new software release that, when combined with our 200Gb Ethernet support, increases our streaming write performance by 163% and streaming read performance by over 2x versus the previous generation. An application of this technology that I'm excited about is a biomedical research center using the PowerScale F710 and the XE9680 to take their own unstructured data and train AI models that will advance personalized treatment plans resulting in better prevention, diagnosis and treatment of various types of cancers. The opportunity in AI is enormous and we are pushing the boundaries with our engineering, and all of this innovation is making its way into the Enterprise. In Traditional servers, demand improved double digits in Q3, making four consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth, driven by growing units and ASPs with denser core counts, memory, and storage per server. Customers are focusing on consolidation and power efficiency by modernizing their data centers with more efficient and dense 16G servers, freeing up valuable floor space and power that will support their AI infrastructure. In Storage, the demand environment continues to trail Traditional servers. PowerStore and PowerFlex demand grew double digits in the quarter, indicating that our focus on the midrange market, with product and software enhancements, will drive future growth and margin over time. The PowerScale F910 and F710 continue to ramp nicely, driving double-digit growth in the Unstructured All Flash portfolio. In CSG, we saw continued stability with demand growth in Commercial PCs for the third quarter in a row. More Enterprise customers are beginning to refresh, albeit modest and in a more price competitive environment. We are seeing an indication that customers are lining up their upgrade cycles with new AI PCs in the first half of next year, a clear signal that enterprises are balancing their need to refresh and their desire to future-proof their purchases. Consumer demand and profitability continues to be challenged. We are optimistic about the coming PC refresh cycle as the install base continues to age, and with Windows 10 reaching end-of-life in 46 weeks. The significant advancements in AI-enabled architectures and application development are welcomed tailwinds. In closing, AI is a robust opportunity for us in both ISG and CSG and interest in our portfolio is at an all-time high, with no signs of slowing down. That said, this business will not be linear, especially as customers navigate an underlying silicon roadmap that is changing. Regardless, we are winning deals at a price premium to our competition, delivering value across a much broader AI ecosystem. We have the balance sheet to grow the business and the credibility to deliver on our commitments to our customers. When you pair this with a recovering Traditional server market, impending PC refresh, and our updated storage portfolio, we are extremely well-positioned. Now over to Yvonne for the financials.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Jeff. Let me begin with an overview of our performance then I'll jump into the specifics of ISG, CSG, cash and guidance. In the third quarter, we delivered strong results including double-digit revenue growth while maintaining our focus on profitability. This resulted in EPS growth that outpaced revenue. Additionally, the business delivered strong cash performance. Our total revenue was up 10%, to $24.4 billion. This was driven by continued strength in AI and Traditional servers. And our combined ISG and CSG business grew 13%. Gross margin was $5.4 billion or 22.3% of revenue. This is down 140 basis points due to an increase in our AI optimized server mix and a more competitive pricing environment, specifically in CSG. Operating expense was down 2% to $3.2 billion or 13.3% of revenue. We remain focused on unlocking efficiencies within our cost structure and leveraging AI to reimagine our business and drive higher productivity. All of this while continuing to grow the business. Now, let's look at operating income. We delivered a 12% increase to $2.2 billion or 9% of revenue. This was driven by higher revenue and lower operating expenses, which were partially offset by a decline in our gross margin rate. Finally, Q3 net income was up 11% to $1.5 billion primarily driven by stronger operating income. And our diluted EPS was up 14% to $2.15. Now let's move to ISG, where we delivered another quarter of strong performance. ISG revenue was $11.4 billion up 34%. Servers and networking revenue was $7.4 billion up 58%. This was a Q3 record for us. And we continue to see strong demand across both Traditional and AI servers. Storage revenue was up 4% to $4 billion. The overall demand environment in Storage continues to lag that of Traditional server. However, as Jeff mentioned, we saw double-digit demand growth in PowerStore and PowerFlex, two of our marquee midrange offerings. We had strong ISG operating income of $1.5 billion up 41%. This was driven primarily by higher revenue. Our ISG operating income rate was up again sequentially to 13.3% of revenue. The rate improvement of 230 basis points was the result of improving gross margins, especially in servers and reduced operating expense. Now, let's turn to CSG. CSG revenue was down 1% to $12.1 billion. Commercial revenue was up 3% to $10.1 billion, while Consumer revenue was down 18% to $2 billion. CSG operating income was $694 million or 5.7% of revenue. This is 50 basis points lower sequentially due to a more competitive pricing environment, primarily in the Consumer space. Enterprise demand was promising, though less-than-expected as we saw some demand push into future quarters. Profitability in the Commercial space held up well sequentially as customers continue to purchase more richly configured devices. Our Consumer business was weaker-than-expected as demand and profitability remain challenged. The PC refresh cycle is pushing into next year, but has significant tailwinds around an aging install base, AI-driven hardware enhancements like battery life and Windows 10 end-of-life. Shifting gears, Dell Financial Services originations were down 11% to $1.6 billion in the third quarter. When you normalize for the exit of our VMware resale business and the sale of our Consumer revolving portfolio, DFS originations were up 4%, driven by strength in AI-optimized servers. Now, let's move to cash flow and the balance sheet. Q3 cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion. This was primarily driven by profitability, partially offset by working capital. Our cash conversion cycle was negative 38 days with $6.7 billion in inventory, which is elevated compared to historical levels due to our AI server business and AI order linearity. We ended the quarter with $6.6 billion in cash and investments, up $0.6 billion sequentially. This is the result of free cash flow generation partially offset by capital returns of $0.7 billion. We repurchased 3.7 million shares of stock at an average price of $107.53 and paid a dividend of $0.45 cents per share. Since our capital return program began at the beginning of FY'23, we've returned $9.8 billion to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. Finally, our core leverage ratio was flat sequentially at 1.4x. Now turning to guidance. The IT spending environment continues to be dynamic with certain areas experiencing faster growth than others. That said, our business model is advantaged. We have a broad portfolio of solutions and a go-to-market engine that's poised to capture these opportunities. We expect the strength in our server business to continue. However, enterprise and large customers are being more mindful of their PC and Storage IT spend in the short-term. Against that backdrop, we expect Q4 revenues to be between $24 billion and $25 billion up 10% at the midpoint of $24.5 billion with ISG and CSG combined growing 13% at the midpoint. We expect the ISG revenue growth rate to be up mid-20s year-over-year driven by AI and Traditional servers and we expect the CSG revenue growth rate to be up low-single-digits year-over-year. OpEx is expected to decline mid-single-digits as we continue to drive efficiencies in the business. We expect the operating income rate to be up sequentially with continued improvement in ISG. We expect our Q4 diluted share count to be between 715 million and 719 million shares and our diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $2.50 plus or minus $0.10 up 14% at the midpoint. At the midpoint of our full year guidance, revenue is expected to grow 9% and diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $7.81 up 10% year-over-year. Now turning to fiscal year 2026. We'll provide formal guidance in our Q4 call, but I know that many of you have questions about our view on next year. So let me walk you through our current thinking. We expect multiple tailwinds going into next year, including more robust AI demand supported by our strong five quarter pipeline. There's also an aging install base in both PCs and Traditional servers that are primed for a refresh. We expect ISG growth to be driven primarily by AI servers followed by Traditional servers and storage. We expect CSG to grow as enterprise customers refresh a large and aging install base. We'll continue to balance growth and profitability, managing price within the competitive landscape and input cost environment. And we'll continue to invest in the business while driving cost efficiencies across the portfolio. In closing, I'm incredibly proud of the team and how we executed operationally. We remain focused on growth and profitability, always looking to optimize our margin rates and dollars. We have a unique operating model and strategy, where we leverage our strengths to extend our leadership positions and capture new growth. We have a strong control environment, differentiated cash conversion cycle, a strong balance sheet, financing capabilities with DFS, and investment grade ratings. All of these elements position us to win incremental business. Our confidence is underpinned by our 40 year history of success and durable cash flow generation. I'll echo Jeff. We are extremely well-positioned as we look to Q4, FY26 and beyond. We are winning in AI, Traditional servers are recovering, we are positioning Storage for the long-term, and Commercial PCs are stabilizing and on the cusp of a refresh. As always, we'll continue to provide differentiated solutions for our customers and drive shareholder value. Now I'll turn it back to Paul to begin Q&A.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Yvonne. Let's go to Q&A. In order to ensure we get to as many of you as possible, please ask one concise question. Let's go to the first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI.
Amit Daryanani: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I just wanted to focus on the ISG margins. They came in at 13.3%, much better than I think what most folks were expecting. So can you just kind of dig into what the puts and takes where they enable this ISG margin performance that seems more impressed than what people were apprehensive about? And perhaps you just talked about the durability of these ISG margins as you go forward as well? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Amit. I'll start on that. So ISG - let me start with revenue. Revenue grew 34% year-over-year, so an impressive performance with server and networking up 58% and storage up 4%. ISG operating income, like you said, was up 230 basis points quarter-over-quarter, which is up 530 basis points since Q1, so a nice recovery there as we had indicated. The Q3 quarter-on-quarter change was driven primarily by improving gross margins, so especially in servers, and a reduced operating expense percentage. Traditional servers demand improved and customers are buying more richly configured servers, which we've seen over the last few quarters. Units and ASPs grew with denser core counts and more memory and storage per server. So again, great to see. Customers focused on consolidation and power efficiency by modernizing their data centers, which frees up some volume -- or space for AI infrastructure. From an AI standpoint, AI servers as well as storage margins were flat to slightly up quarter-on-quarter, so that was again good to see. And we also realized more cost efficiencies quarter-on-quarter helping our operating income. Looking into Q4, expect ISG operating income rates to continue to improve.
Paul Frantz: Okay. Amit, thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. I'm just wondering I think last quarter you were the midpoint of your guidance for the year was $97 billion. Now the midpoint is $96.1 billion. And I'm wondering what has changed in terms of coming up weaker than your expectations, especially in light of the fact that it sounds like the AI pipeline is really strong. I think last quarter you said it was multiples of backlog, which would have put it at $11 billion to $13 billion. And you said it grew 50% sequentially. So are we looking at a backlog that's a pipeline, excuse me, that's like $16 billion or $17 billion. And why is that not informing a more optimistic view for Q4 than what you had 90 days ago? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Toni, maybe a couple of things to think about what's changed in our thinking over the past 90 days and Yvonne going to build on this. First and foremost, as we tried to outlay in our remarks is the PC refresh is continues to move out. It was the source of our under run in Q3, and we're kind of reflecting that through the balance of the year that this refresh that we're all anticipating that we know is there with a large installed base and a Windows 10 end-of-life is coming, but the triggers have been slower to move. In many cases, late in starting and slow in refreshing, and we have a pent-up demand, we believe, that's pushing into calendar 2025 fiscal 2026. And the second element that we reflect in that annual guidance or specifically in Q4 is the shift in demand in AI to Blackwell. And it's the best reflection we have is that demand is in our backlog now when we can ship it, and those are the two levers of why you see a change in our fiscal year and Q4 guidance. Yvonne?
Yvonne McGill: Yes. I'd say we did bring Q4 revenue guidance down, as you mentioned, Toni, and it's basically those two elements. PCs, it's not a matter of if the repurchase is going to happen, it's when, and we're seeing that move more into next year and then the unpredictability of the AI shipments. And so putting those two things together, we feel strong about the overall performance in Q4, but there's some more timing differences than what we were anticipating when we gave the guide the last quarter.
Paul Frantz: Thanks for the question, Toni.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thank you for taking the question. Kind of sticking on the theme of the AI server dynamics. Jeff, I'm curious as you think about this several multiples AI pipeline, I think defined as five quarters in front of you, how do you think about the cadence of shipping Blackwell in volume? And do you have any thoughts around the GB200 NVL? How much of that would be as a percentage of your mix and the margin profile in those relative to maybe the Traditional or the AI service you ship to date? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. And maybe a couple of things as we think about the five quarter backlog and bridging from Toni's question to yours. Look, it grew. We talked about several multiples. Without telling you the exact number, that multiple expanded quarter-over-quarter and grew in excess of 50%. The enterprise customer portion of that grew even faster. And remember, that's an unweighted pipeline. That's the full opportunity. Obviously, it's for us to convert in the marketplace, but it's a reflection of the growing demand. We saw it grow. We believe it continues to grow. We saw in Q3 a shift and a pretty rapid shift of the orders moving towards our Blackwell design, the specific one that you called out, the GB200. That's now on backlog. So the backlog in orders for the quarter, without giving you a specific percentage was a significant portion of the demand and now is a significant portion of the backlog. That's what we're trying to reflect in our guidance and went out the ability to get that material and then put it in the hands of our customers. You would have seen us 9 or 10 days ago make a post that we were the first to ship a GB200 design in the marketplace. We have them designed. We're ready to go. Blackwell is in production. It will continue to ramp and we'll be ready.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Aaron.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks guys. Thanks for taking my question. So not to beat a dead horse in AI, I want to try a different topic. I don't think I heard you guys talk about federal spending or sovereign spending. Can you guys give us an update on kind of the impact that you're seeing in sort of the federal vertical? Is that having an impact on Traditional servers, storage and maybe on the margin commercial PC if it's captured in that category? And then how do you think about that getting resolved into 2025 as we move through a new administration handoff and what that might mean for the business? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, for the quarter, and Yvonne can build on this, as we saw the government, the federal government business was strong in Q3. The demand was strong across all types of products. With respect to the AI pipeline that I referred to, it does not have a sizable sovereign component to it. We're well aware of the opportunities. We're actively engaged across the globe in those opportunities, but that number does not reflect a significant sovereign number in it, which speaks to the opportunity that's still in front of us there. Yvonne?
Yvonne McGill: No, I think you hit on it, Jeff. The federal business, we did have a strong quarter within the third quarter and are continuing to see the pipeline build specifically there. So excited about that opportunity.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, David.
David Vogt: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Mr. Woodring, please remember to unmute.
Erik Woodring: Sorry about that. Thank you, guys. So, Jeff, earlier this year, there was a belief that AI server sales would pull forward some storage and services demand. And I'm just curious as you look at kind of the needs and evolution of your AI server customer base, whether this is still kind of an untapped storage and services opportunity that just hasn't materialized yet? And if it hasn't materialized yet kind of why that would be the case? We'd love for you to double click on that. Thanks so much.
Jeff Clarke: Of course, Erik. Look, we're pretty excited about the opportunity in AI to expand beyond the individual node. I think we've tried to reflect that in our previous comments, but to maybe try to be very specific here, the opportunity is beyond the node into full rack scale integration. And in full rack scale integration, it's the networking opportunity, the storage opportunity, mundane things like cooling and how you actually build very efficient cooling subsystems to take the energy density out, how do we do power distribution, power management, putting telemetry in, doing power management, all of those are opportunities for us to expand our margins and why we believe we have a differentiated solution and ultimately are at a premium to our competitors. Then you add the service component to it, our ability to do L11 and L12, our ability to take these racks these integrated rack scale solutions and be able to design, support and service those in the field, deploy at scale, the financial services our DFS team can provide our customers in their early times and growing at incredible rates. That combination of opportunity exists for us in each and every one of these large opportunities and we're increasingly seeing the opportunity. Again, whether it's storage, whether it's networking, cabling, all of those matter, the design matters, and then being able to deploy it at speed is another characteristic of the Dell scale. Hope that helps, Erik.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Thanks so much, Jeff. Yes, yes, no, that's perfect.
Jeff Clarke: Of course.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi. Yes, thank you. Last quarter just as a quick clarification, last quarter you noted AI revenues would be down quarter-on-quarter in 3Q. Can you talk about how we should think about Q4 as well? And my main question is, Yvonne, you mentioned an early look into fiscal '26 on CSG, where you're expecting revenues to be up. Can you talk about how you're thinking about margins also in that context and potentially any impact that you're contemplating from tariffs? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: So I can talk a bit about the Q4 guide and we have taken into account in that guide the mix within AI and expecting, but expecting those margins, which I know we don't talk about holistically, but expect them to stay relatively consistent. So the mix would be what's driving there. We've talked about AI revenue and our offerings being margin dollar accretive and margin rate dilutive. So we'll continue to see that play out as we grow. But you've seen our results and we're continuing we had record or very high operating income in ISG, while again growing AI and growing across the portfolio. If I move into FY'26, which I think you're heading to, I think, it's a -- we're a bit early in the process to talk fully about FY'26. We kick off that process in full over the next few weeks, but very optimistic about where next year will head. We don't we do expect multiple tailwinds that support growth next year, so we feel positive about that. So more robust AI demand portfolio or opportunity with strong five quarter pipeline that Jeff already talked about going into the year, an aging install base for both PCs and Traditional servers, again opportunity there. We expect ISG growth driven primarily by AI servers followed then by Traditional servers and storage and we expect CSG to grow. And enterprise expansion refresh cycle that is coming and coming soon will help drive those the profitability and that revenue. So looking forward to next year, a little too soon for us to give a guide, but we will follow that up at the next earnings call for everyone and announce what we intend for next year.
Jeff Clarke: And then, Wamsi, your specific question about AI shipments in Q4, look, we've -- in our guidance, we've given the best reflection of what of that backlog that's on the GB200 clears in the quarter as it's now Blackwell is in production and ramping on our ability to translate that into shipments as well as the existing backlog on Hopper, it's our best indication of what we believe will shift in the quarter and that's what's reflected.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Great. Somewhat down sequentially.
Jeff Clarke: Pardon?
Wamsi Mohan: Somewhat down sequentially.
Yvonne McGill: Quitely down sequentially.
Jeff Clarke: Yes.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Wamsi.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research.
Ben Reitzes: Hey, guys. Thanks. Question, I just wanted you to clarify with regard to your pipeline in AI. One of your competitors has had some well chronicled issues in the press and with their financials. And have you seen is that the reason that the pipeline surged and/or was that pipeline already baked? And are you seeing in November an uptick in interest in your solutions in AI? And then I was hoping, Yvonne, I don't think you clarified for next year what storage would grow or if it grows and you have a bunch of new products there. So some clarity on your highest margin product there would be appreciated among the other things you discussed about '26? Thanks so much.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, Ben. Let me give a start and then Yvonne can pick up where appropriate. Look, the opportunity in AI is immense. We see a formidable stack of competitors each and every opportunity. Again, each one of these opportunities are enormous in size and everybody's working to be competitive in those opportunities. Clearly, we are. We're showing up. We're showing up, we believe, with a very, very differentiated offer. That's why our pipeline is growing. That's why we believe we're having the success we have. That differentiation starts with co-architecting, innovation, the engineering, the technical stuff, these are highly complex solutions and being able to engineer in record speed. In the case of some of this, we're turning a design to a full scale deployment in less than five months, putting 50,000 GPUs in our customers' hands in five weeks. This is about rack scale solutions, driving networking, compute and storage altogether, doing the deployment and installation services that I described at scale. Our people, they'll badge people on-site 24/7 deploying, the professional service that go along with that, the financial service that goes along with that, which is also ultimately driving. We were the first to market with the new solution. Speed does matter. It is a differentiator. The pace of innovation is accelerating. We continue to see that. We're continuing to drive that and we're responding with more platforms. Recently, we broadened the portfolio. We continue to invest in capability. That includes our supply chain service capabilities. What we're doing on the go-to-market side with two different pursuit teams for the largest digital native opportunities as well as the enterprise and then, obviously, the R&D side of that. Your second question, FY'26 while we're not giving guidance, we expect the storage marketplace to grow next year and we expect to take share with our Dell IP storage portfolio as we've invested into new solutions, new capabilities, making it more competitive.
Yvonne McGill: Yes. We expect growth across ISG, AI servers, Traditional servers, storage.
Ben Reitzes: Thank you.
Paul Frantz: Super. Thanks, Ben.
Operator: And our next question comes from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thanks for taking the question. We get a lot of questions from investors about the customer concentration in the AI backlog, orders, revenues. Jeff, I know you talked about the enterprise and you commented on that. So if you could just double click on, you know, what constitutes or what's the customer concentration in this backlog and, you know, the orders that you're seeing right now, that would be great. And then related to that, you guys have identified a TAM, a pretty substantial TAM of AI into calendar '25. And just given your competitive moats here and the fact that you're pricing to a premium, how do you guys feel about your market share in that $120 billion plus TAM for calendar 2025? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let me try to pull that apart. First of all, I think what's important to note, I think we've said that to be really clear, we have now sold over 2,000 enterprise customers since we began this journey. Our enterprise customers grew, continue to grow. The portion of the five quarter pipeline enterprise customers grew at a greater rate than the other side. Is our business still weighted towards the Tier 2 CSPs in building out those digital native platforms without question. But as we've, I think, said the last three quarters, enterprise continues to grow. It continues to be a larger portion of the opportunity for us. It's a larger portion of the pipeline, and we're only in the very, very early innings of enterprises figuring out how to deploy AI. They understand that it's highly disruptive. It drives higher levels of innovation, higher levels of productivity. They're in their experimentation, some of advanced proof-of-concept. And as they migrate through that, the opportunity is immense, in fact, I think a larger enterprise over the course of the decade when we think about inference and putting AI in production. Given our scale, given our go-to-market footprint, I like our chances there. It's what we do, it's where we sell most of our other gear and we think that's the alignment opportunity as well as forcing us to learn and drive new levels of innovation with our largest customers today and that innovation actually makes its way to our enterprise solutions, which will make them more efficient and more capable. I hope that helped.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Jeff, I want to get your thoughts as your key customer migrates AI platform from Hopper to Blackwell. What is your underlying assumption for the mix between HGX, DGX and MGX? Any thoughts there will be appreciated.
Jeff Clarke: That question was choppy on our end. Could you repeat that for us please? I apologize.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. I'll try again.
Jeff Clarke: It's much clearer.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. It's my cell phone. Sorry about that. As your key partner migrates from Hopper platform to Blackwell, how do you envision the change of architecture changing like HGX, DGX and MGX?
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think and the simplest way to look at that is Hopper is in production, will continue to be in production next year. Blackwell is ramping in production, will be in production next year. We have demand on both architectures. We continue to see that in the five quarter pipeline. Nothing's changing in that regard. I don't know how better way to describe it without giving you the specifics of the backlog, which I won't.
Mehdi Hosseini: But I'm just trying to understand. I'm trying to understand your assumption how customization of a new platform is changing like from HGX to DGX and MGX?
Jeff Clarke: Well, the way I look at it is we've designed a very open-based architecture. So if you look at our new IR7000 rack and take the XE9712 as an example. That architecture and the headroom that we've designed to 480 kilowatts being able to put the thermal solution and thermal headroom in place, the power distribution system in place. We believe we can take any combination of new designs based on the unique needs of our customers and design in short order and provide that at scale and speed to meet their needs. Much of this is driven by the model type, the technologies available, optimization and being able to help our customers weigh through that and then provide an open solution that allows us to move very quickly is exactly what we've built with our new ORv3 chassis, its ability to take things like we talked NVL72 and NVL4 design and subsequent new technologies that will come down the pipeline, I'm sure, in the future.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Paul Frantz: Okay. Thanks, Mehdi.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just you mentioned in the past about the advantage of having a full stack of server and storage as a unique value proposition to your customers. The question always comes up on attach rate. But is it the last five quarters you shipped about $9 billion in AI server revenues? Is there a way to look at it and say how much was the attach rate you saw for your storage or services business based on the trailing five quarters? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: I'm not sure I understand the context of the question. Is that AI specific? Is it general to ISG and infrastructure?
Krish Sankar: No, it's AI specific. I think you've spoken about how having the server and storage solution as an advantage. Is there a way to figure out that attach rate?
Jeff Clarke: Absolutely. So let me try to take a run at it because I think this is very important for us. I mean, I think I've said publicly multiple times that the AI opportunity for storage is immense simply because GPUs devour data. I mean, you have to feed the beast, and they're not very effective without a lot of information. Storage, it typically tends to be unstructured information. So we think scale out, file and object capabilities for training, tuning and inference are essential. We think parallel file systems for this kind of end-use transient data and these large training environments is essential. And remember, 80% of the data is on-prem. So we think AI is driving new needs in the storage architecture, which really drive to a three tier architecture. So the ability to scale, the ability to drive efficient deployment of storage, the ability to be flexible and above all high performance are all things required to meet these high performance modern AI workloads and that's what our portfolio is. The Dell IP portfolio is a three tier architecture moving towards disaggregated that allows us to scale CPU and storage and networking independently to optimize for performance. All that said, our PowerScale platform, we believe, is absolutely the right platform where we deliver high performance file, soon high performance object, the ability to take our Project Lightning that we announced at Dell Technology World, a parallel file system built exactly and purposeful for AI and then take our Dell Data Lakehouse, which then allows us to do some data management and have the data platform around this and specifically metadata management, that combination of capability, we believe, is absolutely the future state of storage for AI and we're very well positioned. It's why we made a couple of references in our remarks about PowerScale, the F710 and the F910. One has 614 terabytes of capacity. If I remember correctly, the 910 is 1.46 petabytes of capacity. Both of those double as we go to higher density drives in the first half of next year that will be first to market. It's why I made reference to the performance attributes of both of those products are dramatically improved with the latest revision of software. We're not done, more to come. That's the opportunity and we believe we have the platform IP to be able to ultimately optimize our footprint in AI going forward. I know that was a mouthful, but that's how I think of it.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Jeff.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Krish.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for the question. I wanted to ask about the comments around AI server revenue being down sequentially next quarter despite the backlog growth this quarter. First, is that just because of the growing mix of Blackwell and component availability? And then second, in your view, is the backlog unusually high? And will we see AI server backlog flush at some point or is $4.5 billion in the backlog normal with the potential to grow larger? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Again, to be clear, as the order shift in Q3 shifted dramatically towards Blackwell, that product is in its ramp and production, and obviously, our backlog reflects when we believe we're going to get the parts and be able to ship them, and we've translated that into our Q4 guidance, which so I can be clear, I wasn't clear as last time I said probably should have been. It's down slightly quarter-over-quarter in shipments from Q3 to Q4. The five quarter pipeline grew in excess of 50%. We're going to continue to work to convert that pipeline and I would expect us to continue to grow. I can't reflect it any better than that or say it any clearer. The opportunity for us is bigger this quarter than it was last quarter, in excess of 50% bigger, more in enterprise, new technology, new platforms, scalable platforms that are open that can meet the needs of today as well as what we think happens all next year, the headroom in that design, the investments that we've made in internal capabilities to service and provide financial products for these offers, the ability to engineer and innovate at speed are all things that are differentiating us in the market and we'll continue to focus on those.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you, Jeff.
Paul Frantz: Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And Jeff if I can just change gears here a bit and talk about enterprise servers or sort of the non-AI servers. You've had double-digit growth here for a couple of quarters, strong demand. But I think there's a general investor perception that this is enterprise servers are a bit more of a cyclical business. And as you go into next year after the replacement demand, this year you might see a growth moderation on that front. If you can just sort of highlight what you're seeing with your customers? How do you feel comfortable with sustainability of these growth levels? And what's driving that into next year? That would be great. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. You might recall, I think it was five or so quarters ago, we thought that the recovery in this IT cycle would be server-led. And the reason we thought that is we were in the middle of the longest digestion period in the history of the server marketplace. And we believe that coming out of this would be a faster recovery on servers, and that's exactly what we've seen. We're now on our sixth consecutive quarter of quarter-over-quarter growth. And as Yvonne said in her remarks, we're now at four quarters in a row of year-over-year growth, which tells me that we're seeing recovery and that digestion period is now in a period of consuming technology. I think what's very important about that is maybe the catalyst. The catalyst is a modernization. We think there's a modernization happening in both the traditional data center as well as that we could talk a lot about in modern workloads and AI. But in terms of the traditional data center, what we're seeing is a consolidation, a consolidation, as Yvonne said so well to free up floor space and cooling space for AI. And what you get with a 16G server is you can consolidate anywhere from 3 to 5 sometimes 7 of our 14G servers into a single server. It's why we're seeing TRU expansion in our 16G, which is reflected in why our business was better in Q3. On average, a 16G server has twice as much memory and twice as much storage as a 15G server and we're seeing more workloads run on them. So that consolidation is well in play and you've probably seen some of the research in the marketplace, more CIOs are considering repatriation of applications today than they were a year ago, about twice as much. Whether that's driven from TCO, the fundamental economics, security or the fundamental performance and flexibility that you get, we're seeing that as the undertones of what's driving this demand cycle. And we are seeing unit growth. So unit growth, TRU expansion, consolidation, for all these reasons, we believe this consumption cycle, we're in the very early part of it and it is fuel to actually provide resources and capability towards the other side of modernization, which is the modern workloads.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Samik.
Operator: And our next question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thank you very much. One quick clarification and then a question. You talked about expectations for OpEx to decline mid-single-digits. I just wanted to see whether you were referencing year-over-year or sequentials on that guidance. And in terms of the bigger picture question, I know it's too early to understand exactly what the tariff implications might be, but could you remind us of where your global manufacturing is and sort of what proportions are coming from what countries or regions? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: So on to your first question, it was year-over-year with the answer there.
Jeff Clarke: And on tariffs, look, we've been at this a long time. We have a global supply chain that's built on resiliency and meeting customer demands. As a multinational company, we encounter tariff requirements in almost every country we operate and consistently navigate the geopolitical and macroeconomic cycles as they arise. We'll see what happens here. I think we're well-schooled and well capable of working through and navigating the changes that may be in front of us. We're not overreacting. We have a resilient and global supply chain, and we'll respond in the best interest of our customers and shareholders.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Simon.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Hi. Good afternoon. I was just wondering if you could flesh out the storage business a little bit more, the underlying dynamics of the 4% growth. You mentioned some of the mid-range was growing double-digits. But if you could just give us a better sense of the rest of the sales growth and sort of what you're seeing margin wise and cost wise in that business? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Maybe a couple of comments and then Yvonne can certainly jump on in. So we talked about from a demand point of view the demand that we saw around our PowerStore and PowerFlex products. We talked specifically about the new PowerScale F710 and F910 growing. The focus of our organization and I think we conveyed this last time, which led to the improvement from Q1 to Q2 with our margin expansion. And storage is around the Dell IP products. So PowerMax at the high end, PowerStore in the mid-range, our new PowerStore Prime product is ramping up quite well, adding QLC to it. PowerScale, as I just talked about is an essential asset and capability that we want to drive and will continue to drive around the unstructured data side and AI. PowerProtect Data Domain, the new products that we launched, the 9410 and 9910 the ability to get those out as the preferred target for protecting these valuable workloads continues to be a source of growth and PowerFlex our software defined storage asset. We continue to see success with our partner first channel program. We're driving differentiation in the marketplace with our market leading data reduction rate capabilities and our broad coverage and specialty model serves us well that we have the largest sales force selling storage to more customers and we're continuing to focus on that. Those are the sources and levers we're leaning on to grow storage.
Yvonne McGill: And I'd add in the fourth quarter embedded within our guide, right, it's normally our strongest quarter from a storage perspective, so expecting growth there. And as Jeff said, we're leaning into that strong performance and leaning into our Dell IP, so helping to drive even more profitability.
Steven Fox: Okay. Thank you.
Paul Frantz: Thanks, Steven. Let's take one more and then we'll turn it over to Jeff to close it out.
Operator: We'll now take our final question from Tim Long from Barclays.
Tim Long: Thank you. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just wanted to get back to the AI servers and profitability. Obviously, when we went from CPU servers to multi GPU servers, it was a big jump in profit dollars gross profit dollars, but down in percentage. Just curious now that you're getting more involved in these NVL systems with 72 GPUs instead of 8. How should we think about the gross profit dollar move per server or the gross profit percentage? Obviously, the ASPs on the overall servers are going to be a lot higher with a lot higher GPU component within the bill of material, which is harder to mark up. So any comments you can give us on kind of how we should think about dollars and percentages?
Jeff Clarke: Maybe a couple of macro comments and then you can build upon that. One, certainly the ASPs of these high performance nodes with 8 GPUs in them and then shoved in a rack and driving densities 96 and beyond are very large. On a relative rate, Yvonne and I have been consistent, the rate is dilutive. I think what we've communicated now for three consecutive quarters is the rate has improved. What's fueling that rate improvement are many of the things that I tried to describe along the call today around services, the installation, the L11 and L12. What we're doing around DFS and the financing side of this, the opportunity around networking and storage and beyond. That's the opportunity for us to continue to improve the rates. It is a very competitive marketplace given the size of the opportunities, which is why we're leaning on our differentiation and our engineering capabilities to allow us to, we believe, perform to a market premium and we'll continue to focus on that. Yvonne?
Yvonne McGill: Jeff, I think you hit all those key points. Certainly, we're driving working to drive incremental operating margin dollars holistically and we are doing that within the holistic portfolio. So I think with that we will move to close.
Jeff Clarke: Yes. I'll give a quick couple of parting comments. We are well positioned to win with a unique operating model defined by our leading end-to-end solutions portfolio, large go-to-market engine, industry leading supply chain and unmatched global services footprint. And within AI, between our extensive portfolio and engineering expertise, we are providing comprehensive AI solutions for our customers from the largest at scale data centers to AI PCs, for enterprise customers to medium and small businesses. That's something no other company in the industry can do as well as us. And as you can see from our recent product launches, our innovation engine is strong, and we are only getting started. We've gained tremendous traction in AI solutions over the past year or so and there are no signs of it slowing down. The business model we've executed over the past 40 years was built for this moment. We have a solid track record of driving growth, profitability and cash flow, which all shareholders value. Thanks for your time today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-08-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2025 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcasting of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review these materials and the presentation, which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob, and thanks everyone for joining us. We executed well in Q2, and I'm really proud of our team and our performance. Revenue was $25 billion, up 9%, with another record for our servers and networking business. Diluted EPS was $1.89, up 9%, and cash-flow from operations was $1.3 billion. Our AI momentum accelerated in Q2 and our results and outlook demonstrate that we are uniquely positioned to help customers leverage the benefits of artificial intelligence. In ISG, our AI server orders and shipments increased again sequentially. Our unique capability to deliver leading-edge air and liquid cooled AI servers, networking and storage tuned and optimized for maximum performance at the node and rack level combined with leading ecosystem partners and world-class services and support continues to resonate with customers. Orders demand was $3.2 billion, primarily driven by Tier-2 cloud service providers. Encouragingly, we continue to see an increase in the number of enterprise customers buying AI solutions each quarter. Enterprise remains a significant opportunity for us as many are still in the early stages of AI adoption. We are also excited about the emerging sovereign AI opportunity, which plays to our strengths given our position with governments around the world. We shipped $3.1 billion of AI servers in Q2. As we exited the quarter, our AI server backlog remains healthy at $3.8 billion. Most exciting, our AI server pipeline expanded across both Tier-2 CSPs and enterprise customers again in Q2, and now has grown to several multiples of our backlog. As we begin the second-half of the year, we have optimized our sales coverage to better focus on AI opportunities across CSPs, and both large and small customer segments and geographies. In addition, we have added substantial engineering capabilities, including data center networking and design to support these AI pursuits. Traditional server demand continues to improve and we saw strong demand again in Q2, our third consecutive quarter of growth and our fifth consecutive quarter sequentially as customers invest in both traditional and AI infrastructure. Dell IP core storage demand, including PowerMax, PowerScale, PowerStore and PowerProtect Data Domain grew double-digits in the quarter, a positive sign as we move into the second-half of the year. In CSG, we saw modest commercial PC demand growth in the quarter with healthy operating profitability and we expect growth in the second half of the year. In CSG, we continue to pursue profitable share focusing on commercial PCs, high-end consumer and gaming with our strong attach motion. We are optimistic about the coming PC refresh cycle, as the installed base continues to age, Windows 10 reaches end-of-life later next year and the significant advancements in AI-enabled architectures and applications continue. In closing, we are leveraging our strengths to extend our leadership positions and lean into new opportunities like AI. We are offering customers choice, flexibility and control of how and where they build, train and run artificial intelligence. We are still in the early innings, and our AI opportunity with Tier-2 CSPs, enterprise and emerging sovereign customers is immense. Our view is supported by an AI hardware and services TAM of $174 billion, up from $152 billion, growing at a 22% CAGR over the next few years. We are competing in all of the big AI deals and are winning significant deployments at scale. Progress will not always be linear in the early stages, but we are winning in the market with strong feedback from repeat customers while acquiring new customers every quarter. We have the right AI portfolio with more to come, the right services capabilities, and we are optimizing our sales coverage to capture this once-in-a-generation opportunity. With the coming IT hardware recovery cycle and our positioning in AI, I really like our hand. Now over to Yvonne for the financials.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Jeff. Let's start with an overview of our performance. Then I'll dive into specifics of ISG, CSG, DFS and guidance going forward. In the second quarter, we delivered strong operating results and solid cash flow, both of which position us well for the second-half of the year and beyond. I'm encouraged by the great momentum we're generating in ISG with AI leading the way. Our total revenue was up 9% to $25 billion, including the headwinds from the exit of our VMware resale business. And our combined CSG and ISG business grew 12%. Gross margin was $5.5 billion, or 21.8% of revenue. This is down 230 basis points due to an increase in our AI optimized server mix and a more competitive pricing environment. Operating expense was down 4% to $3.4 billion, or 13.7% of revenue. Let me emphasize, we expect solid top line growth in the second-half of the year even as we continue to optimize our cost structure to enhance our competitiveness over the long-term. A big part of this optimization effort is leveraging AI to reimagine our business processes and drive higher productivity. To that end, in Q2, we took a $328 million charge for workforce reduction as we continue to position our business for the long-term. Now, let's look at operating income. We delivered a 3% increase to $2 billion or 8.1% of revenue. This was driven by higher revenue and lower operating expenses, partially offset by a decline in our gross margin rate. Finally, Q2 net income was up 7% to $1.37 billion, primarily driven by stronger operating income. And our diluted EPS was up 9% to $1.89. So, that's a look at the whole. Now let's talk about the specifics, starting with ISG, where we delivered strong performance. ISG revenue was a record $11.6 billion, up 38%. Server and networking revenue was another record of $7.7 billion, up 80%. Server demand continues to outpace shipments with strong growth across traditional and AI servers and the mix of our AI optimized server demand grew sequentially again. Storage revenue was down 5% at $4 billion. We were pleased to see double-digit demand growth across our core storage portfolio, including PowerMax, PowerScale, PowerStore and PowerProtect Data Domain. This strong storage performance was offset by headwinds in the partner IP portion of our HCI portfolio. ISG operating income was up 22% to $1.3 billion, due in large part to AI-optimized server revenue growth and associated gross margin dollars. Our ISG operating income rate was up 300 basis points sequentially to 11% of revenue. This rate improvement was the result of operating expense scaling, driven by higher server revenue and storage profitability. We're pleased with the sequential improvement in storage profitability. We gained scale with 6% sequential revenue growth. We were more disciplined in our pricing. We had a higher mix of Dell IP storage solutions and a better geographic mix with more North America activity. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect our ISG operating margin rate to continue to improve in the second half of the year. In CSG, revenue was down 4% to $12.4 billion. Commercial revenue was flat at $10.6 billion, while consumer revenue was down 22% to $1.9 billion. CSG operating income was $767 million or 6.2% of revenue due to a more competitive pricing environment. We expect growth in the second-half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. The coming PC refresh cycle and the longer-term impact of AI will create tailwinds for the PC market. Dell Financial Services originations were up 5% to $2.4 billion in Q2. Strength in both client and ISG financing offset the exit from our VMware resale business and the sale of our consumer revolving portfolio in Q3 of last year. Normalizing for these two impacts, DFS originations were up more than 30%, proof of increasing interest in our customer payment solutions. Now let's move to cash flow and the balance sheet. Q2 cash flow from operations was $1.3 billion. This was primarily driven by sequential revenue growth and profitability, offset partially by working capital. Our cash conversion cycle was negative 43 days, up four days sequentially, driven primarily by the increase in our AI server business and AI order linearity. We ended the quarter with $6 billion in cash and investments, down $1.3 billion sequentially. This is the result of capital returns of $1 billion and net debt paydown of $1 billion during the quarter. We repurchased 5.5 million shares of stock at an average price of $130.03 and paid a $0.45 per share dividend. Since our capital return program began at the beginning of FY '23, we've returned $9 billion to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. With our additional debt reduction and increased profitability this quarter, our core leverage ratio was 1.4x. Turning to guidance. Indicators continue to point towards growth in the second-half of the year. Against that backdrop, we expect Dell Technologies FY '25 revenue to be in the range of $95.5 billion and $98.5 billion with a midpoint of $97 billion or 10% growth. We expect ISG revenue to grow roughly 30%, driven primarily by AI and ongoing momentum in our traditional server business. We expect CSG revenue to be flat to low single digits for the year. We expect the combined ISG and CSG business to grow 13% at the midpoint. We expect our gross margin rate to decline roughly 180 basis-points due to inflationary input costs, the competitive environment and a higher mix of AI optimized servers. We will continue to drive efficiencies in the business and expect operating expense to be down low single digits for the year. We expect both ISG and CSG operating margin rates to be within our long-term financial framework for the full year, 11% to 14% and 5% to 7%, respectively. We expect interest and others to be roughly $1.4 billion and an annual non-GAAP tax-rate of 18%. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $7.80 plus or minus $0.25, and up 9% at the midpoint. For Q3 of fiscal year '25, we expect revenue to be in the range of $24 billion and $25 billion at the midpoint of $24.5 billion, up 10%. We expect the combined ISG and CSG businesses to grow 14% at the midpoint with ISG up in the low-30s and CSG flat-to-up low-single digits. We anticipate operating expenses to be down low-single digits sequentially. Our operating income rate is expected to improve as we continue to drive profitability in ISG. Q3 diluted share count should be between 714 million and 718 million shares. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $2 plus or minus $0.10. To close this out, I'll echo what Jeff said. We are very optimistic about FY '25 and beyond. AI and the coming IT hardware refresh cycle will be tailwinds for our business and no one in the industry is better positioned than Dell. We are applying artificial intelligence and beginning to realize the benefits across our own business. We're using it to improve customer and team member experiences in sales, software development, services, content management and our supply chain. And in turn, we're using our experiences to help our customers realize benefits of AI for themselves. Before I turn it back to Rob for Q&A, I'd like to share that after 32 years at Dell, Rob has decided to retire. For those who may not know, Rob began his career at Dell in 1992 in Corporate Treasury while attending graduate school. He's held many roles since then and has seen Dell continue to transform and grow over the last three decades. This will be Rob's final earnings cycle. We wanted to personally share the news with you all today. Paul Frantz will lead IR going forward. Paul is a longtime finance leader at Dell and a familiar name to many of you. Paul and Rob have been working closely over the last few years to ensure a smooth transition. Rob, I'd like to thank you for all you've contributed to Dell's success over so many years. You will be greatly missed. I'll save my extended thank you and goodbyes for later. For now, I'd like to turn it back over to Rob for Q&A.
A - Rob Williams: Thank you, Yvonne, and thanks for those kind words and congrats to Paul. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Let's go to the first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Amit Daryanani from Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Best of luck with the retirement. I guess my question is really around ISG margins. This could really step up from 8% in Q1 to 11% in this quarter, despite the 82% sequential growth you had in AI servers. So can you just talk about what's enabling this kind of margin expansion because really a lot of your peers on the AI server side are struggling with -- trying to -- are struggling with their margins, I feel right now. So I'd love to understand kind of what's enabling this margin expansion. And then critically, as we think about this 11% to 14% target for the full-year, what are the key inputs of building blocks together in the back-half of the year? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Amit. And I will get started on that one. So we were very pleased with the operating income rate we saw in the second quarter, though 11%, up 300 basis points quarter-over-quarter. That was really driven by improvement across the entire portfolio. I mean, first, revenue was up quarter-over-quarter 26%, which helped drive scale within the P&L. And as expected, the headwinds we saw in Q1 did not persist into Q2. In storage, we had scale. We're price disciplined. We mixed more towards our own Dell IP storage offerings, which was very helpful and saw strength in North America enterprise. In the traditional server space, the demand environment continued to improve, although we're still seeing some competitive pressures. And in AI servers, we had strong shipments with improved profitability and growing enterprise customers in that portfolio mix. I'd say, we do expect ISG operating income to finish FY '25 within our long-term framework that 11% to 14% and do expect as we move through the second-half of the year that we'll continue to see that as we mix more towards our storage portfolio as we do each year.
Jeff Clarke: Yes, Amit, maybe two additional data points that I think are worth noting in the improvement. One as Yvonne said, our Dell IP core storage. On a demand basis, it was up double-digits. We improved the margins in each of our categories, PowerMax, PowerStore, our PowerScale and PowerProtect, data protection quarter-over-quarter through the price discipline that Yvonne mentioned. And the second one, which I think is very important, we improved margins of our AI portfolio. And we did that with the same sort of price discipline, but more importantly, the engineering value-add and the technical value-add that we're bringing to our customers and the expansion from beyond the specific node to the rack level deployment. So our ability to add L11, L12 capabilities, expert deployment, system validation and testing, the ability to help engineer the solution at our customer site, the extension into networking, the ability to cable these things up and deploy them at scale, that is allowing us to extract additional value in our AI deployments.
Rob Williams: All right. Hi, thanks for the question, Amit. Let's go to the next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research.
Ben Reitzes: Hi, can you hear me okay?
Yvonne McGill: Yes.
Rob Williams: Yes.
Ben Reitzes: Okay, great. Hi, how you doing? And congrats, Rob. I can say I knew you back when, but I won't. Congrats and so listen, I'm just trying to reconcile your guidance, Yvonne. And then I have a follow-up. It looks like there -- it's more 4Q loaded than what the Street was thinking and there was the talk of the layoffs into the print here. And I was just wondering if you can reconcile that for us, the $2 and then it looks like maybe the Street has to raise the 4Q vis-a-vis where they were. And I was wondering if that has to do with timing of savings, and I was wondering also if you can quantify the savings, what the $328 million kind of equates to in savings and how we should think about that? And then, Jeff, if you don't mind if you could just mention how the AI server margins are progressing and what we should think about with the flat backlog Q-to-Q? I know you had great sales, but should the flat backlog be a concern? I know there was a lot in there, but since I congratulated Rob, maybe you'll give me a pass and answer them all. Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: That was the greatest one question at a time of five that I've seen.
Rob Williams: That was a classic, Ben.
Yvonne McGill: We may have Rob answer...
Rob Williams: We'll see if we can get through at least the first part of those questions, Ben, will let Yvonne start.
Yvonne McGill: All right. So for -- I could talk to the second-half, but let me start with Q3. We were talking about CSG and ISG, combined are going to grow at 14%, right? Total revenue at the midpoint of $24.5 billion, so up 10% year-over-year. So 14% for CSG, ISG, 10% in total. ISG up 30% year-over-year. So very, very impressive continued performance there, driven primarily by AI servers as well as continued momentum in traditional servers. So we're expecting to see that. CSG, we're expecting to be flat-to-up low-single digits in the third quarter. I'm expecting gross margin rates to be up slightly quarter-over-quarter. And I'd say, remember that we're expecting inflationary environment in the third-quarter, in the second-half actually holistically as well as a continued competitive environment. OpEx, which I think you have a -- somewhat a question on, we've already guided to that OpEx holistically and that will be down, we did that last quarter. So we expect that to be down about 2% quarter-over-quarter. And then from an OpEx standpoint, expecting continued improvement there driven by ISG and storage and traditional server mix as well as performing within our long-term framework holistically. I don't know if there's anything to add-on the third-quarter as we going to the full-year. So I think your question on, are we waiting more towards the fourth-quarter than the third-quarter? We're sequentially higher in the fourth-quarter from a historical perspective and expect to continue that tradition. And we are expecting a CSG recovery to begin in the second-half, more weighted towards the fourth-quarter. And then you'd also have your natural largest quarter from a storage perspective in that fourth-quarter. And so you'll see that would be reflected both the momentum in CSG as well as the storage momentum in the profitability and performance in that period.
Jeff Clarke: And then on the two AI questions, the AI server margins, I'll start there summarizing what we discussed with Amit is, margins were up sequentially. We were able to extract value out of our offer. We were able to extract the value out of our AI offer by expanding our -- again, our value proposition to our customers beyond the box to the rack level. So our ability to sell services around the box, the ability to sell networking and network integration, the ability to sell what we call L11 and L12 capabilities, which think of it as factory integration, solution testing and on-site deployment. The ability to configure these at-scale for our largest customers is allowing us to extract differentiated value of our competition. We're going to continue to focus on that and continue to find more ways to help our customers deploy AI at-scale. In terms of the backlog, I mean, the first thing I would point to is shipments nearly doubled quarter-over-quarter. And I think that's an important thing to think through. For us over the last 12 months, we shipped $6.5 billion of AI infrastructure to our customers on the demand line of just under $9.5 billion. What you're seeing is improved supply. Still working with customers on their delivery dates, still working with customers on their ability to accept the equipment and integrate it into their data centers. I'm not worried about the backlog as well. I think we've made reference before of our five-quarter pipeline. Our five-quarter pipeline remains healthy. I think I made reference that it's several multiples of our backlog. We have visibility to a pretty significant pipeline, and it's our job to convert that over the coming quarters.
Ben Reitzes: All right. Thanks.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Ben. Clearly exciting. Exciting opportunity for us. All right. Next question.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Great, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. And Rob, just echo what everyone was saying, you'll be missed. Thanks for all your help over the years. Jeff, I appreciate all the detail that you provided in your prepared remarks on the makeup of your AI optimized server customer base, increasing number of enterprises, expanding pipeline in Tier-2 CSPs and enterprise. Is there any way you can just maybe expand on those comments a bit? And what I'm really trying to get a better understanding on is just that the concentration of spending within your backlog, within your pipeline for AI optimized servers and how that's changing for you? Thanks so much.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let's see where do I start with that. Obviously, the pipeline I talked about is growing, growing at the size of multiples of our backlog. The composition of that is continuing to see the number of enterprise customers grow and the amount of revenue in that pipeline is growing, which to me is encouraging and signals enterprise customers specifically are moving from experimenting to now piloting the technology to do a vast number of things, some of the use cases that Yvonne mentioned earlier. So we're encouraged by the number of enterprise customers growing quarter-over-quarter. We're encouraged by the number of enterprise customers in our pipeline and the revenue that represents. Clearly, some of these large Tier-2 CSP deployments, training foundational models are still a large percentage of the backlog, large percentage of the pipeline. And I think that's just the scale, but we are seeing the continued growth of enterprise, which again, I think is very, very encouraging, whether that be in life sciences, higher education, financial services, some of the national labs, et cetera, we're seeing expansion across the enterprise. When I look at the composition of the backlog and technology, it ranges from parts that are available today to parts that are available in the future and everything in between, our backlog represents things that we can ship in Q3, things that we can ship in Q4 into next year. And obviously, a five-quarter pipeline represents the same thing, which extends into next year. Eric, was that enough color? Was that helpful?
Erik Woodring: Yes, no, that's perfect. I appreciate that. Thank you. Thanks for the detail.
Jeff Clarke: You're welcome.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Toni Sacconaghi, Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. And Rob, congratulations on your retirement. We will miss you. I just wanted to -- I have one confirmation and a question. In terms of improving profitability in AI servers from Q1 to Q2, did gross profits on AI server gross profit percentage on AI servers improved materially between Q1 and Q2 or just operating profit dollars because there was clearly significant OpEx improvement?
Yvonne McGill: The short answer to that is both improved.
Toni Sacconaghi: Okay. And then I was hoping maybe you could just provide a little more color on the storage dynamics because you talked about Dell IP businesses growing double-digits and yet the storage business was down 5% year-over-year. So maybe you can help dimension what else is in that equation that suggests that hyperconverged is either an enormous part of your business or was down by a huge amount or there's some other piece that we need to be able to make those numbers pull together. So perhaps you can provide a little more color on that. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Yvonne and I'll try to tag team this one. But I'll start with, as I mentioned previously, if you look at our Dell IP portfolio and the success we had in Q2, it was good to see. We had double-digit growth as we referenced on a demand basis across the high-end products, the mid-range products, the unstructured products and the data protection products. Those products from a margin contribution point-of-view are significantly greater than the partner IP references that Yvonne mentioned earlier. So when those businesses are growing and I think I've just mentioned in the previous questions, and their margin rates improved with better price discipline in the quarter, we got, if you will, leverage from both growth as well as improvement in the gross margins, which will ultimately make its way to the operating margin for Storage. And that was significant. The thing that was driven by some mix of geography, North America that Yvonne mentioned earlier, but primarily driven by the core products themselves. And then obviously, your conclusion is correct. The partner IP business was down quarter-over-quarter. That's less profitable for us and the mix shifted increasingly more towards our Dell IP products.
Rob Williams: I mean, sorry about that. Yes, go ahead.
Toni Sacconaghi: I just -- so the double-digit growth was sequential growth in the...
Yvonne McGill: Yes.
Toni Sacconaghi: That you were seeing in those businesses.
Jeff Clarke: The double-digit...
Yvonne McGill: ISG revenue growth was up 26% quarter-over-quarter.
Toni Sacconaghi: So the storage growth.
Rob Williams: Yes, that was year-over-year, Toni. The core comment about double-digit growth was up year-over-year.
Toni Sacconaghi: Correct. So - but the whole year I mean if you kind of running year-over-year.
Rob Williams: Yes, so you've got a decline in conversion, hyperconverged infrastructure and it is -- we haven't broken it out specifically, but it is obviously a large part of the business. And data protection would be the other area where there was a bit of decline year-over-year. So those two offset the increases in the other four businesses we mentioned.
Toni Sacconaghi: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes Asiya Merchant with Citi.
Asiya Merchant: Great. If I could just you know, talk a little bit about CSG. And Rob, again, thank you for all the help and support over the last few years. We'll miss you as well. On CSG, if I may, you sound very optimistic about growth here in the fourth-quarter. Maybe if you could just double-click on that a little bit and give us some -- a guidance on what you're seeing in the pipeline or the demand indicators that gives you confidence in that growth as we enter calendar '25? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. I'll take a run at and then Yvonne can help come over-the-top. I mean, we remain optimistic about the refresh. I mean, I think it's reflected in our guidance that we think the refresh is shifting and more towards the end-of-the year than we thought maybe at the middle of the year. I know all of you have done your supply base checks, it would indicate the same thing that refresh is heading towards end of '24 into '25. And what's important about that is, as the refresh takes longer to start, history suggests it snaps back faster because the Windows 10 end-of-life date is not moving. So we have a Windows 10 end-of-life date. We have an aging installed base of machines bought during the COVID era, all mounting to be refreshed with exciting new products built around AI and more AI applications are coming. And we remain optimistic about that recovery. Calling the timing has been difficult. But the end-of-life is around the corner or a quarter closer. The installed base is bigger and older, exciting new products are coming, applications to help productivity with end users is around the corner. And if you think about the extension of AI out to the Edge in inferencing and what inferencing will be done on the Edge on PCs, that opportunity is immense as well. When you think about running these small language models with larger memory footprints on the Edge on your PC to do amazing things and having a personal agent on your, if you will, screen helping you along the way, that's all in front of us. So we remain very optimistic about that. Closely from our performance, you can see that we had called a recovery a little earlier and recalling today, it's a little further out. Yvonne, anything you would add?
Yvonne McGill: No, I think you hit that, Jeff.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Asiya. I appreciate it. Next question.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my question. And Rob, congrats and thank you for the help. I guess, Jeff, if I just go back to your comments about what you're seeing from enterprise customers in terms of AI server demand. I'm just curious to understand, clearly you're excited about that building pipeline that you're seeing from the enterprise side, but what are you seeing when enterprise customers come in? What is that giving you in terms of opportunity to either do like attach of more services or storage for that matter? And how should we think about how much of a differential on the gross margins does that lead to when you compare to sort of what you're doing, the work you're doing with the Tier 2s?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Maybe in order that at least I think about this. First of all, we still believe we're in the very, very early innings in deployment enterprise. And we know that as we've surveyed thousands of our enterprise customers. And we have a pretty good understanding of where they are in their AI journey. And if you think of this as in stages, they are truly in what we call stage 0 and 1 trying to determine what they're going to do, what their strategy is. And a large percentage of our customers are in that state. And I think we have a pretty good represent -- pretty good understanding of that, given our broad market coverage with the largest sales force and technology reaching down into small businesses and everything up to large multinationals. We have a pretty good pulse of where enterprises, business or commercial customers are on that journey. And that gets us really excited that they all see the opportunity. Many are experimenting, moving to piloting the technology, so they can actually take advantage of the opportunities to drive productivity or an advantage with customers or customer service or what have you. And in doing so, it really brings us tremendous opportunity. We've built professional services to help customers do exactly the four things they need to make progress here. Build a strategy, help them implement it, ultimately think about how they deploy the model and then adopt it and scale it to get the advantages of it. We've built services around that. We continue to scale that capability. And then because these are very complex systems, the ability to engineer and to help our customers integrate these. You just can't put this into a data center. There has to be space, it requires power. In many cases, it requires new forms of cooling. The network interconnect is very complex. The storage subsystems have to be high-speed systems, three-tier architecture systems with the flexibility and efficiency and scale to really run at high-performance. That's kind of what we do. We get excited about that opportunity and to help customers really extend from a strategy to implementation to be able to run these at-scale and to take advantage of this enormous capability is exciting. And then if you think about the use cases, the use cases are generally around large language models, small language models are coming. We're already talking about technologies like agents and agent is a buzzword of our industry today, and we've just scratched the surface of how agents are going to help each individual's productivity, help with specific skills, which provide an opportunity to take the millions of processes that are in businesses today and help automate them. That's what's in front of us. And I think we've said each of the last several calls and we'll say it this call again, the margins selling to enterprises are better than the margins selling to our largest customers. And that's the value we continue to provide and we'll continue to build upon. I think I made reference to this as well. I think this is a very important thing. We've tuned our go-to-market model where we have a dedicated pursuits team for the largest CSPs and we have a overlay specialty organization that covers our largest enterprise customers down to many thousands of them with AI specialized skills and then the engineering capability behind it to help the sales force win each and every engagement. I know that was a lot. I think I covered the questions.
Samik Chatterjee: All right. Thanks, Jeff, and thanks. Thanks, Rob. I appreciate it.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for the question. And I also wanted to extend my congratulations to Rob. I just have two questions if I could. First for Yvonne, I wanted to ask about the low 30% ISG revenue guidance for the upcoming quarter, which implies ISG revenue is down sequentially. Could you just talk a little bit more on the drivers of that? What are you assuming for AI servers to happen quarter-on-quarter in terms of revenue? And then second, for Jeff, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of the partnerships announced in the last couple of months, the new Nutanix Hyperconverged partnership, the NVIDIA SuperPOD certification, certification for the Dell PowerScale. Should that help drive an inflection in storage revenues as we head into the latter part of the year and into next? How material are these partnerships? How much does it change your strategy in storage, if at all? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Yes, I'll start off, Mike, your question. For Q3, we do expect ISG revenue to grow in the low-30s year-over-year, and for the full-year in 30s also. Traditional servers and storage are roughly in-line with historical sequential business that we see. Servers will grow in the low-single digits and storage will be down in the low-single digits. So that's relatively normal sequentially. So that would imply that AI servers are down quarter-over-quarter. Now that said, shipments are or were up in the second-quarter to $3.1 billion. The backlog is sitting at $3.8 billion. The pipeline, as Jeff has already talked about, is a multiple of that backlog. And enterprise orders, customers and pipeline are all growing. So with all that said, I would say if we have the GPUs and the customers are ready, we're fully motivated and ready to ship more AI servers in the third-quarter, but that is what's embedded in our guide.
Michael Ng: Awesome.
Jeff Clarke: Let me see if I can work my way through the partners question and what's happening. I think there are two distinct things. One, if you think of HCI as a category, at least from our view, it really is a category of products with a single hypervisor. It's really meant to drive simplicity and ease-of-use for that use case. And if you think about what customers, particularly enterprise customers, in fact, almost solely enterprise customers, large and small are, as they think about AI, they don't have space. They need to make space. They need to create room for bringing AI gear in. So there's a consolidation of foot in business. And HCI is a wonderful tool to be able to consolidate traditional applications. We have a good product with VxRail and we clearly added to that to give customers choice with our Red Hat product, with our Azure product and the Nutanix product that you described. And we'll continue to do that. Probably what I think is really interesting is these new modern workloads and certainly all those around accelerated computing are demanding more performance, more scale, more flexibility, more efficiency. I think I've said this before, you have to feed the beast. These new architectures are demanding some data, they gobble data up and you need to feed it in a high-performance way. We think the best way to do that is through a three-tier architecture. We think it meets the demand -- the high demands of these new workloads. We can drive high performance, we can scale-up, we can scale-out. We can drive the flexibility and efficiency needed and getting SuperPOD certification with our PowerScale products, the F910 and F710 is essential to be able to work in that environment, bringing the very best of our company going-forward and it's why we made the announcement since we're talking about announcements. In May, earlier this past quarter about Project Lightning bringing a high-speed parallel file system to the forefront as well because that's another opportunity to expand our position in storage and quite frankly, expand our margin opportunity around storage, around GPUs and around what's happening in AI.
Rob Williams: All right. Good. Thanks, Mike.
Michael Ng: Thank you.
Rob Williams: Next question. You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. And Rob, congrats as well. Yvonne, you just said quarter-on-quarter decline in AI server revenues, your backlog is flat quarter-on-quarter in AI servers. Is that really reflective of just Blackwell delays? And does your backlog include the liquid-cooled offerings like XE9680L? And should we expect an acceleration in that backlog then over the next several quarters? And Jeff, you noted higher margins in enterprise consistently. Can you also comment on where sovereign might fit in that? And can you also help us with which models do you think will drive Enterprise and Sovereign versus maybe 9680 primarily at Tier-2 CSPs? Thank you so much.
Rob Williams: All right. You all are killing me on the multiple questions.
Jeff Clarke: Okay. You need one question, one question. Rob, you need one question is three or four. Let me see if I can work my way through that. So when I think of the backlog Wamsi, I think, adding opportunity of deliveries from customers next quarter and then in Q4. And then clearly into next year and that implies Blackwell. We have sold our most advanced architecture aligned to Blackwell to a number of customers. We have sold H100s and H200s and availability, more importantly, customer availability to take the product, which is what Yvonne is reflecting in our guidance. She didn't make a demand statement, she made a shipment statement. So demand with that five-quarter pipeline that I described that is now multiples of our backlog is converting the backlog or converting that into orders as quickly as we can. That opportunity is in all sorts of architectures, the vast majority with NVIDIA, H100s, H200s and Blackwell, as well as a couple of others opportunities around AMD and Intel, but the vast majority is NVIDIA. So our work as a pursuits team selling to enterprise is to get the order, can obviously convert that pipeline into the opportunity into the order and get into backlog, and then our supply chain team needs to get the parts, which isn't -- availability has improved, it continues to improve. I think Jensen made reference to that yesterday that availability will continue to improve. That will help customers deploy and then customers have to be ready to deploy. So that's what we're working through. That's the best reflection of that of interpreting those signals into the guidance that Yvonne talked about is what we know today. And obviously, we're trying to improve that. And you asked about sovereign. Our opportunities in sovereign, I think are large and immense as I described in our prepared remarks. As it stands now, none of the five-quarter pipeline reflects the sovereign opportunity of any great size.
Rob Williams: All right. Hi, thanks for the question, Wamsi. Let's go to the next one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Rob, on your last call, I'll stick to the one question and congrats to you and Paul. I guess my question is not AI. It's actually on the traditional server side. Looking at the numbers, it looks like you've seen a pretty good uptick in this last quarter. I'm just curious of how you would characterize, I'll call it, the pipeline of opportunity that you're seeing in the traditional server market, the duration of demand, just kind of thinking about that potential kind of recovery cycle that you're seeing in outside of these AI servers for traditional servers? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, great. Great question, Aaron. Thanks. So maybe a couple of things to reinforce the momentum we're seeing is now five quarters in a row of sequential growth, three quarters in a row of year-over-year growth. We are seeing unit growth. We are seeing TRU expansion, i.e., more cores, more memory, more storage. And I think three things are driving the demands in course servers today. The first is we're coming out-of-the longest digestion period ever. It was eight quarters, two years. The installed base is old. And as it's aged, what I'll link to a conversation I just said made moments ago is that customers are looking for room to put AI into their infrastructure. And to do that, we think there's a consolidation that is beginning to occur to make room. And that consolidation is important because the new technologies today are incredibly more efficient than what you might be replacing that's four or five years-old. For example, if I was to look at a 14G product we shipped four-plus years ago to a 16G that we ship today, our product today has 2.5 times to 3 times more cores in it. It's 25% to 35% more power-efficient and a single 16G server can replace 3 to 5 14G servers in a rack. So consolidation is going to occur because that space and power is needed. And then lastly, as I think about it, we've made some references to this in the past. Workloads are coming back from the cloud, they're repatriating. And as they repatriate, they got to go somewhere and they're coming back on-prem on servers and storage. Those would be the three things I point to.
Rob Williams: All right. Hi, thanks, Aaron. I appreciate you playing with us here.
Jeff Clarke: Thank you, Aaron.
Rob Williams: We appreciate that. Let's move to the next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: Great guys. Thanks for taking my question. And Rob, congrats again and Paul, congrats. And I'm going to stick to one question as well. Obviously, you were clear about the GPU and the delivery constraints on the AI server side. But how are you thinking about how that gets reconciled as we move through your fiscal year into next year. Is it more GPU availability? What are the gating factors that you're thinking about? And does that mean as we exit this year, you're still going to see some constraints in terms of the ability to convert backlog and orders into revenue and we should expect backlog to continue to grow at a faster clip until that's resolved at some point, I would imagine at some point next year. So any thought or help there would be...?
Jeff Clarke: What I hope we conveyed is, supply is improving and supply is improving. Our deployments and scheduled deliveries to customers is what we have to manage through. Again, much of this is very complex deployments, readiness of a data center, readiness of power, readiness of cooling, if it's direct liquid cooling, the ability to have water in the data center. All of that infrastructure has to be put in-place and coordinated with the delivery of a GPU and a server. And that's what we're working through. There's clearly opportunities that we're working across our customer set of what technologies they want to deploy, urgent need, if it's a need that can go into next year, they're clearly picking technology that will be available next year. So it's that composition of demand that we're trying to translate into shipments that were -- again, we're reflecting in our guidance and this is our best understanding of it today. Again, try to reinforce that our five-quarter pipeline is multiples of the backlog. There's demand out there. Our Pursuit teams are out working to convert that into orders. And as it converts into orders, an improving supply situation that we have to go work on.
Yvonne McGill: Yes. I mean, we do expect to grow again next year, right? And we expect AI momentum to continue and we expect, as we talked about a little bit previously, the CSG business to grow also. And so we're really excited about next year. And as we get closer to it, we'll update you on our expectations.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks Yvonne.
Rob Williams: I appreciate the question.
David Vogt: Congrats again, Rob.
Rob Williams: Thanks, David. You bet. Next question?
Operator: And our next question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thank you. And Rob, congratulations. Congratulations to Paul as well. I'm going to stick to the one question as well. I wanted to see if you could unpack a little bit your thoughts on the storage trend as it relates to AI. I think in the past, you've talked about a lagged effect behind the compute side of the business. I'm wondering if you could talk about how you expect storage to benefit in terms of degree and timing. Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think consistent with our previous discussions and what I've tried to highlight today is the opportunity for storage is vast, it's large. Again, these large language models consume lots of data, and they need it fast. So the opportunity for us is rearchitecting, improving performance, more IOPS in the data categories that are most interesting to our customers here. The fastest-growing category is unstructured, right. When you look at what Dell is doing in the structured storage space, we are investing more on in unstructured storage apart from our own proprietary IP. Our scale, as an example, building on the F710, F910, Project Lightning, our parallel file system, the opportunity to help customers provide that data to these GPU engines in the form of moving from text to rich media types like video, audio, other forms of 3D images and complex datasets like that, different modalities. That is what we're building high-performance storage subsystems for. And it's a huge opportunity for us both from our largest customers that buy today and enterprise customers that buy into the future. I hope that helps.
Rob Williams: Yes. Hi thanks, Simon. We're going to try and get one last question in here real quick. So please one question only.
Operator: And our final question comes from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Thanks for squeezing me in. I assume the only reason Rob is retiring because he has a big book deal coming or something. But congrats. So I guess just for my one question, I mean, there's been -- there was a lot of talk in different metrics on pricing and also a lot of talk in terms of mix, et cetera. I guess from a big-picture standpoint, Jeff, like how do you feel about just available pricing power versus your ability to offset new market entrants or just more competitive entrants on any of your areas of expertise going-forward into next year? It seems like that's going to come up a couple of times. Just wondering if you can summarize it. Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Hi I'm making an assumption, so I'm going to clarify it. In AI, in GPU?
Steven Fox: Actually, I mean, yes.
Jeff Clarke: Infrastructure broadly across the portfolio.
Steven Fox: Broadly across the portfolio. Yes, just strategically. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, if you -- our industry has always been competitive. I do not expect that to change, whether that's with new entrants or traditional competitors that exist in each of our categories. So if I was to look at commercial PCs, clearly as a refresh is slower and starting than all of us would like, it's a competitive environment today, slightly different than it's been over the past 40 years. The same would be true in consumer, a larger number of competitors there. The consumer market is lagging relative to the commercial market in terms of its performance or its growth and it's a competitive environment there. If I work my way down through servers, when a large percentage of traditional servers are consumed by a smaller number of customers, the large bids are very competitive. That hasn't changed. I don't expect that to change. And we're seeing the same thing in GPUs. There's a lot more in it, a lot more participants. And I'd go back to what makes Dell special and why I think we win and continue to win. One is our coverage model. We have the broadest coverage model in technology, a combination of our direct sales force, and our partner programs. We're going to continue to invest in coverage. We're going to continue to broaden our channel programs to cover all customers who want to buy DellGear. And those who don't know they want to buy DellGear, it's our job to train them to want to buy DellGear. I look at the advantages of our supply-chain. I think it's unmatched in this industry. It provides us a source of competitive advantage and we're continuing to invest in that. It's one of the areas where internally we're applying AI. I think about what we're doing in R&D, the particular product categories that I described. The investments that we are making in all of these categories keep us competitive and in many cases, we're a leader. I think we're the market leader in commercial PC revenue. We're the market leader in displays. We're the market leader in workstations. We're the market leader in traditional servers. We're the market leader in storage. We're the market leader in data protection. I could go on. We have a number of number ones and we're going to continue to invest to differentiate and win in those categories. And then lastly, the fourth thing that we think makes us special and different is we service our own products. We take care of our customers and we're expanding those services. In AI, as I mentioned before, it helped with strategy to help define the infrastructure to help them deploy and implement and then ultimately adopt and scale. We do that broadly across the smallest companies in the world to the largest companies in the world. That's who we are. That's what we're going to invest in. As we think about the efficiencies that we're driving in our organization, it's to allow us to do those better.
Rob Williams: Well, that was about as good a close as I could ask for, Jeff. Appreciate that. We look forward to seeing everyone out on the road over the next couple of weeks. Michael and Yvonne will be at Citi next week, and Jeff will be at Goldman the week after that. Have a restful Labor Day weekend. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-05-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2025 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review these materials and the presentation which includes content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. Reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change, unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob, and thanks everyone for joining us. I'm really proud of the team and our strong performance in Q1. We executed well in an improving demand environment. Revenue was $22.2 billion, up 6% with exceptional growth in servers and a return to growth in our commercial PC business. Operating income was $1.5 billion, diluted EPS was $1.27 and cash flow from operations was $1 billion. We are uniquely positioned to help customers with artificial intelligence and our strong AI momentum continued in Q1. In ISG, our AI-optimized servers orders increased to $2.6 billion, with shipments up more than 100% sequentially to $1.7 billion. We have now shipped more than $3 billion of AI servers over the last three quarters. Our AI server backlog is $3.8 billion, growing sequentially by approximately $900 million. Our AI optimized server pipeline grew quarter-over-quarter again and remains a multiple of our backlog. We've seen an expansion in the number of enterprise customers buying AI solutions, which remains a significant opportunity for us given we are in the early stages of AI adoption. Traditional server demand remained strong in Q1. It grew for the second consecutive quarter year-over-year and the fourth consecutive quarter sequentially. Storage demand has stabilized with revenue flat year-over-year. Moving to CSG. Commercial PC demand has also stabilized and we saw an improving demand environment as we move through the quarter. CSG revenue was flat year-over-year with healthy operating profitability. We expect commercial PCs to continue to improve as the year progresses. We remain optimistic about the coming PC refresh cycle, driven by multiple factors. The PC install base continues to age, Windows 10 will reach end of life later next year and the industry is making significant advancements in AI-enabled architectures and applications. We will continue to focus on commercial PCs, high-end of consumer, and gaming, driving a strong attach motion, a strategy that has served us well across various economic cycles. Last week, we held our annual Dell Technologies World customer event in Las Vegas, and artificial intelligence was front and center. There was tremendous excitement around our approach to GenAI and the capabilities we're bringing to customers and partners as they set out on their AI journey. We highlighted our AI strategy to accelerate adoption of AI, which is built on five core beliefs. The first, data is the differentiator. 83% of all data is on-prem and 50% of data is generated at the edge. Second, AI is moving to the data because it's more efficient, effective and secure. And AI inferencing on-prem can be 75% more cost effective than the cloud. Third, AI will be implemented in a wider range of ways, from locally on devices to massive data centers depending on the use case. Fourth, you need an open, modular architecture to support rapid and sustainable innovation. And finally, AI requires a broad and open ecosystem to take advantage of the latest advancements. We launched the Dell AI Factory to help accelerate AI innovation in an option. It combines our Dell solutions and services optimized for AI workloads with an open ecosystem for partners, including NVIDIA, Meta, Microsoft and Hugging Face. The Dell AI Factory is the industry's broadest AI-optimized portfolio of solutions and services that can be designed and sized to meet the specific requirements of our customers. We also extended our engineering leadership with new features and capabilities across our portfolio, including the new PowerEdge XE9680L, an 8-way GPU server with 12 Gen5 PCIe slots and direct-to-chip liquid cooling that improves overall power efficiency by 2.5x. With its 4U form factor, customers can buy the densest rackable architecture in the industry with up to 9 XE9680Ls and 72 high-wattage GPUs in one rack that can support performance up to 130 kilowatts straight from our factory. In storage, significant software updates to our power scale, which now includes the availability of QLC. Our PowerStore software updates give new and existing customers up to a 66% performance boost and native sync replication for filing block. We also added the PowerScale F910 to our AI-optimized portfolio. The hardware and software capabilities are 2x faster write performance than our competition. We also broadened our networking portfolio with the new PowerSwitch Z9864 with 51 terabits per second of throughput for AI workloads. In client, we announced Dell's next-generation AI PCs, the Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite powers our upcoming XPS and Latitude 7455 available in June. These 45-plus TOPS PCs can support 13 billion-plus parameter models which means customers can run popular models like Llama3 directly on their PCs. In closing, our strategy remains simple. We are leveraging our strengths to extend our leadership positions and lean into new opportunities like AI driving incremental growth. We are giving customers more choices, flexibility and control of how and where they build, train, run and deploy AI closer to where the majority of their data exists, on-prem, increasingly at the edge, on-device, and across clouds to help them accelerate AI adoption. We are partnering with customers on every step of their AI journey to make it easy with an open, modular solution and a broad ecosystem of AI models, tools and partnerships. We are applying AI internally across our own business for better customer and team member experiences. And now over to Yvonne for the financials.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Jeff. In Q1, we again demonstrated our ability to execute and deliver strong cash flow, and our traditional business has stabilized with AI continuing to drive new growth. Our combined CSG and ISG revenue grew 8%, and our total revenue was $22.2 billion, up 6%. Growth margin was $4.9 billion and 22.2% of revenue, down 250 basis points, given a more competitive pricing environment and a higher AI-optimized server mix. Operating expense was $3.5 billion or 15.6% of revenue, down 3% and we will continue to be prudent in our cost management. Operating income was 6.6% of revenue and $1.5 billion, down 8%, driven by the decrease in our gross margin, partially offset by OpEx scaling. Q1 net income was $923 million down 4%, primarily driven by lower operating income. Diluted EPS was $1.27, down 3%. ISG revenue was $9.2 billion, up 22%. Server and networking revenue was a record $5.5 billion, up 42%. Server demand was even stronger with growth across traditional and AI and our AI-optimized mix of server demand increased again sequentially. We delivered storage revenue of $3.8 billion, flat year-over-year, with demand strength in HCI, PowerMax, PowerStore, and PowerScale. ISG operating income was 8% of revenue and $736 million, down 1%. Q1 is seasonally our lowest profitability quarter in ISG, given storage seasonality and we expect ISG operating margin to improve as the year progresses. Our CSG revenue was $12 billion, flat year-over-year. Commercial revenue was $10.2 billion, up 3%, while consumer revenue was $1.8 billion, down 15%. CSG operating income was $732 million, or 6.1% of revenue, down primarily due to a more competitive pricing environment. The commercial PC demand environment improved as we progressed through the quarter and we remain bullish on the coming PC refresh cycle and the longer-term impact of AI on the PC market. Our Dell Financial Services originations were $1.9 billion in Q1, up 1% year-over-year, despite the exit of our VMware resale business and our sale of our consumer revolving portfolio in Q3 of last year. DFS managed assets exited the quarter at $14.2 billion. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet, adjusted pre-cash flow was $5.5 billion on a trailing 12-month basis, well above our average of $4.8 billion over the last five years as we continue to generate strong, consistent, and predictable cash flow over time. Q1 cash flow from operations was $1 billion, primarily driven by profitability, partially offset by our annual bonus payout. Our cash conversion cycle was negative 47 days, flat sequentially, with higher inventory related to our AI business, offset by strong collections performance. We ended our quarter with 7.3 billion in cash and investments, down $1.7 billion sequentially, primarily driven by capital returns of $1.1 billion. In Q1, we purchased 6.7 million shares of stock at an average price of $108.38 and paid a $0.45 per share dividend. Since the inception of our capital return program at the beginning of FY'23, we have now returned $8 billion, or 103% of our adjusted pre-cash flow, to shareholders through stock repurchase and dividends. Turning to guidance, our open and modular AI-optimized server solution, coupled with a broad ecosystem of partners and our engineering and services expertise are winning with customers. We expect the AI momentum we've seen over the past three quarters to continue, driving incremental revenue for the year. In our core businesses, while the macro environment is still dynamic our indicators point toward a stabilization with improvement as we progress through the year. Against that backdrop, we expect Dell Technologies' FY'25 revenue to be in the range of $93.5 billion and $97.5 billion, with a midpoint of $95.5 billion or 8% growth. We expect ISG to grow in excess of 20% fueled by AI and our CSG business to grow in the low single digits for the year. We expect the combined ISG and CSG business to grow 11% at the midpoint and our other business to decline as previously discussed on the Q4 call. Given inflationary input costs, the competitive environment, and a higher mix of AI-optimized servers, we do expect our gross margin rate to decline roughly 150 basis points. So we expect both ISG and CSG operating margin rates to be within our long-term financial framework for the full year. We'll continue to be disciplined in our cost structure and expect OPEX to be down low single digits for the year. We expect I&O to be roughly $1.4 billion. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $7.65, plus or minus $0.25, up 7% at the midpoint, assuming an annual non-GAAP tax rate of 18%. For Q2 of fiscal '25, we expect Dell Technologies revenue to be in the range of $23.5 billion and $24.5 billion, with a midpoint of $24 billion, up 5%. We expect the combined ISG and CSG to grow 8% at the midpoint with ISG up in the mid-20s. We expect OpEx will be down roughly 3% year-over-year. Op increase is expected to improve sequentially, driven by quarter-over-quarter growth in ISG and sequential growth and margin rate expansion in our storage business. Q2 diluted share count should be between 723 million and 727 million shares. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.65, plus or minus $0.10. In closing, we are optimistic about FY'25 and beyond, with a number of tailwinds, including AI and the coming IT hardware refresh cycle and no one in the industry is better positioned than Dell. Our unique operating model, with reinforcing competitive advantages, has been honed for over 40 years now and is perfectly designed for this moment to help customers accelerate their adoption of AI. We have the broadest end-to-end portfolio of solutions, with industry-leading positions across PCs, AI-optimized servers, traditional servers and storage. We have the industry's leading supply chain with size and scale and we have the industry's best go-to-market engine and an unmatched direct sales force supported by a strong channel partner network, all underpinned by our world-class services organization that can support customers across the globe. It's an exciting time to be in technology and here at Dell and we are looking forward to a bright future. Now, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Yvonne. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Let's go to the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Jeff, I just wanted to find a little bit about the AI server backlog. What are the lead times there? How does it compare with the total server backlog? And can you talk a little bit about the pipeline you have for AI servers and the breadth of the pipeline? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. I'll take that question. Look, the lead times on our product varies and is complicated. We have product transitions from H100 to H200, outselling GB200 and B200. Those are customer allocated. So to say that there's an average lead time for our product is very dependent on the customer, what technology we're talking about. But in average, if it was just looking at the availability of parts, the H100 lead time is better. Those products are in full production. NVIDIA is meeting demand, and they'll have availability of the H200 on schedule towards the second or the latter part of Q2. So it's in production, as is the B200. So that's where the backlogs slash lead times are. When you look at the composition of our backlog, it's primarily NVIDIA-based. Customers range from many enterprise customers to some large CSPs. So the composition is very much our customer composition. We're excited about it continuing to build. It's continuing to build every quarter. Our five-quarter pipeline continues to grow. There's lots of projects out there. We're out competing for each and every one of them, and we'd expect growth in both going forward.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Krish.
Krish Sankar: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: And our next question will come from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you for the question. If I just look year over year at the ISG business, storage was perfectly flat. AI servers went from zero to 1.7 billion, which sort of suggests that traditional servers were flat. So really the only thing that changed was you added 1.7 billion in AI servers, and operating profit was flat. So does that suggest that operating margins for AI servers were effectively zero? And if that's not the case, how do you square the circle with what I just outlined? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Okay, Toni, I'll take that one. So when I look at the overall ISG performance from an operating income standpoint, storage, I'll start with storage, right? So if the operating income was low in storage, you know that Q1 is seasonally our lowest revenue quarter from a storage perspective. When the revenue declines, the business descales, and so we saw that evidenced in the Q1 results. And while OpEx remained unchanged to the points you're making, the operating rates declined. In traditional servers, we saw strength in large enterprise and large bid mix, so a shift there a bit, which, as you know, that drives lower margin rates. And when I look into Q2 and FY'25, though, I tell you that we expect ISG Opinc rates to improve, as we talked about in the guide, over the year and really deliver against our long-term framework, that 11% to 14%. So, I think what we saw in the first quarter was multifaceted, but we do continue to expect recovery as the year goes on. And those AI-optimized servers, we've talked about being margin rate diluted, but margin dollar accretive. And so you'll continue to see that evidenced in the results also.
Rob Williams: Yes. Thanks for the question, Toni.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research.
Ben Reitzes: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot. Yvonne and Jeff, I want to take another stab at Toni's question in a different way. There's the view that you guys have said in the past that for every dollar of AI server, there's $2 of services, storage, and other higher margin things that come. And when you see storage kind of a little below expectations in the quarter, it seems like you're yet to get that. And a lot of us are looking at the strength in your AI servers and looking forward to that gross margin tailwind to come kind of like a razor and blade model. Do you still see that coming to fruition, Jeff and Yvonne, and how will that play out in the model? I know you don't guide beyond this year, but it really should help next year over the three to five-year life of those contracts. So I'm just wondering if you still believe that and how you want us to keep that in perspective when we see margins like this. Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: No, Ben, look, our view of the broad opportunity hasn't changed around each and every AI server that we sell. I think we talked last time, but maybe to revisit that, we think there's a large amount of storage that sits around these things. These models that are being trained require lots of data. That data has got to be stored and fed into the GPU at a high bandwidth, which ties in network. The opportunity around unstructured data is immense here, and we think that opportunity continues to exist. We think the opportunity around NICs and switches and building out the fabric to connect individual GPUs to one another to take each node, racks of racks across the data center to connect it, that high bandwidth fabric is absolutely there and needed. We think the opportunity to extend in doing deployment of the rack itself is an opportunity, installing whether that's cables, heat exchangers, rear door heat exchangers, cooling units, power units, et cetera, the cabling. We think the deployment of this gear in the data center is a huge opportunity. And specifically around services, there's four types of services that we're building through our own and through our partner network. They basically hit the categories of helping our customers with their AI strategy, how they implement AI, which is all around the data and getting the data prepared to be consumed and ingested, adopting or putting the AI infrastructure in place and getting AI adopted inside an enterprise. And then lastly, how do we help them scale it? And we look at the broad range of services that we have. We're pretty excited about the full stack opportunities we have. A great example of that would be last week with the Dell AI factory, with the NVIDIA stack, which is a full stack opportunity with partners like Hugging Face to help customers deploy on-prem. So nothing's really changed there. And I think if I was to take the question that Toni asked, and yours is in there as well, and I'll let Yvonne add to this, we can do better in both our traditional servers and our storage products in terms of margins. We had a mix shift in storage that was from our Dell IP to partner IP. That impacts us. We had a customer shift and a geographic shift that pushed margins down. Our most profitable segment is Dell IP sold in North America to the largest customers. They value the capabilities of our products and we get a return for that. That was a lower mix this past quarter. And then a traditional server business, the margins were down as well. That was really driven. I think Yvonne hit it, but I really wanted to make sure that we get this point across. We had good growth in our traditional server business, but it's been an enterprise and that's a competitive market in large bids. And we acquired several new large customers during the quarter. We'll take that deal every time because we know over time, winning a new customer, we can sell the breadth of our portfolio over time. That's exactly what we did. And we'll continue to look for those opportunities to grow our customer base. Yvonne?
Yvonne McGill: Yeah. And I think just in addition to Jeff, what you said, I just remind everyone that we're at the beginning of this AI business, if you will. We're finishing up our fourth quarter and we've been building the balance sheet. So it's going to take time for you to start seeing that reflected in the P&L as we're deferring services and support associated with the transactions that we're doing. And so again, you'll see that build over time and start seeing it more reflected in our financial statement.
Rob Williams: Thanks for the question, Ben.
Operator: And our next question will come from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Great, guys. Thank you so much for taking the question. I'm going to kind of hit on a similar topic that everyone has, but Yvonne, you're talking about improving ISG operating margins through the year. Obviously, it seems like the strength and momentum you have in AI servers means that will continue to become an increasing mix of revenue. You also have commodity costs headwinds to contend with. And, and so again, I know we've kind of talked about this topic, but maybe on a bit more detailed level. Can you just help us understand what are the most significant factors that, we should be thinking about that would support ISG operating margin expansion as we work through the year? Is that pricing? Is that mix is that storage mix just help us understand what the most important factors there again, as we look through the year. Thanks so much.
Yvonne McGill: Sure. I think it's all of the things that you mentioned actually, but we talked about storage already that we did not perform or mix at the level that we would have expected in the first quarter. Jeff talked about having more of our Dell IP storage solutions, and we're expecting that as we go through the year, ISG and storage in particular, the lowest, the lowest quarter sequentially or seasonally is our first quarter. And so we're expecting that to continue to improve as the year progresses. We will be in a growth, a year over year growth standpoint in -- we're expecting that in the second half. So when I think of ISG growth holistically that, that we've guided to across the year of 20%, plus obviously there's the AI server component to that. But it's also in storage the expected growth in the second half, its traditional servers continuing to grow, et cetera. So it just, it's additive as the year progresses. And that would be what we do see normally also in, in our traditional storage and I'm sorry, in our storage and our traditional server performance. And then on top of it, we've got the AI momentum. So that's a great adder to the portfolio. And as I already mentioned, that balance sheet builds we'll start to see that reflected with the services and support in our financial results.
Jeff Clarke: Maybe a couple of things to add to that. We've talked, I think much through this down cycle that the storage recovery lags servers. We expect the storage market to return to growth in the second half of the year. And for us outperform the marketplace. Alon mentioned Dell IP specifically, I would call out PowerStore Prime. The addition of QLC allows us to be more competitive, our performance and have a native Rex, excuse me, native sync replication, get my words correct here, allow us to be more competitive in the largest portion of the storage marketplace. And our storage margins need to improve and will improve over the course of the year. And then as we look at the traditional server marketplace, we mentioned that much of our growth was driven by enterprise. And as the rebound continues to play out, we'll see commercial, medium business and small business, which are better margin profiles across that customer set.
Yvonne McGill: Yes. And the one thing I don't think I called out specifically, the storage margins will continue to improve also because we will scale, right. We talked about the optics. We talked about that level of spend that we have, but as we scale that business, we will get that. And I'll reiterate that we do expect ISP I think to finish up by 25 within our long-term framework. So 11% to 14%.
Rob Williams: All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you so much. You mentioned the competitive pricing a few times in your prepared remarks, should we think that Dell is driving that more competitive pricing for share gains to get that incremental full stack opportunity that Jeff you alluded to or are you doing this more in response to the competitive, what the competitors are doing? And when we think about that 50 bps of incremental growth margin pressure, is that just coming from incremental AI server mix or is the, are there other moving pieces over there? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Wamsi, the first part of your question got flipped off. If you wouldn't mind repeating it so Yvonne and I can make sure we answer the question that you really want us to answer.
Wamsi Mohan: Yeah, sure. Jeff. I was just wondering if like the competitive pricing that you called out, is that coming really from Dell in order to take share in the marketplace because you have this full stack opportunity that you spoke about, or is this more in response to what other competitors are doing in the market?
Jeff Clarke: So let me take a stab at that and then Yvonne can certainly layer in on top of that. So I think there's various forms of competitiveness that we talked about. One clearly as the PC business has been in a down cycle for two years, as it's beginning to stabilize and look for growth, it's a competitive market out there. The consumer portion of the PC market is competitive in pricing the strong promotions that we saw through the holiday season continued into Q1. The large deals in commercial PCs are quite competitive. And as I mentioned, SB and MB are lagging in their rebound compared to large enterprise. And that's a source of margin in both our PC business and our server business. In servers, I think we made comments that the performance has been largely driven by enterprise, large accounts, large bids, acquisition and those are competitive environments. Again, we look at the long-term view of them and winning new customers in the data center serves us well over the course of a customer's life cycle with us. And then specifically in AI, we're not the price leader in AI. The engineering and the Delta we have in the capabilities of our product time and time again, we are not the low-cost provider, the low price in the AI deals that I'm involved in, which are most of them. We are getting a premium for our engineering in the marketplace. We're getting an advantage, but these large deals when you're talking clusters of tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of GPs are our competitive environment, but we're not the one running the price down. We are again, getting a premium for the value that we've generated or created into our products. And then conversely, I would tell you in the smaller deals, our margins are substantially better as you would expect. So in enterprise deployments that are smaller deals, our margin rates are significantly better than they are in the very, very large opportunities. And as enterprise continues to deploy, I think that bodes well for us over the long-term. I hope that helped.
Yvonne McGill: And let me add a little bit just to specifically on that, the 50-basis point question. So that incremental gross margin headwind that we talked about of 50 basis points, it's really two factors. One of it is, half of it is a margin impact, rate impact and then half of it's mixed related. So we talked about, that we're seeing more AI mix et cetera. So you're seeing that competitive dynamic that we've already talked about. And also the inflationary cost environment is certainly having an impact on our gross margin rates. And given our AI server strength that we've seen, right, we're shipping more than we expected. So that's great news. And we're but it's leading to some margin rate solution. So I hope that was helpful.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you so much.
Rob Williams: Next question.
Operator: Next question will come from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you for the question. I wanted to ask about the value-added services and working capital financing and longer-term DFS financing that Dell provides to its AI server customers. Is this a point of differentiation when you think about your competitive positioning relative to ODMs or less well-capitalized competitors? And would that answer be different when you're thinking about an AI CSP customer versus an enterprise customer? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: So let me take a run at that. And we do have Dell Financial Services and we are seeing that being a differentiator right now in our working capital solutions that we're providing to our customers. We're able to put together what we're calling payment solutions for them, which is giving them different ways to manage their capital also. And so, I think it is a differentiated advantage that we have. It's enabling us, especially with some of these new Tier 2 hyperscalers, if you will, to leverage our capabilities and our solutions also. So both financing and from a product solution standpoint.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you, Yvonne.
Yvonne McGill: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take a question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess when we think about the ISC growth of over 20% for the year, can you just talk about how much of that is AI servers versus the core ISC? If you could parse it out in a different bucket, that'd be really helpful. And then, Yvonne, could you also just clarify, the inventory was up dramatically in the quarter and it's somewhat unusual for it to be up in this quarter. So just talk about what's driving that and is it AI pre-builds or strategic inventory? Any help on that would be great as well. Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Sure. So let me start with inventory, because I think that's pretty straightforward. So inventory was up and I would say slightly, for 25 days, really representing about a $1.2 billion increase quarter over quarter. We mentioned inventory was up slightly as we ramp our AI server business. So I think it's nothing substantial. I don't know, Jeff, if you have anything to add on inventory.
Jeff Clarke: No, but we didn't go out and make any strategic purchases. Some of the terms of the AI gear we need to deploy means we take ownership of it. We did and we have it in backlog. We'll ship it as those customer orders are fulfilled. That was the driver. We weren't out buying strategic or making strategic investments of inventory across the large component basins.
Yvonne McGill: And then, Amit in relation to your ISG question, you were asking about GPU and non-GPU servers. Is that basically the clarification?
Amit Daryanani : Yes, thinking about storage, x86 servers and then AI servers on top of it. If you just kind of give us a sense of how you think of those three buckets in the context of that over 20% growth that would be helpful.
Yvonne McGill: So, obviously, we're having -- it's really significant growth in the GPU servers. We obviously didn't sell those all last year. So, really, it's even hard to have a full year compare on that since they weren't available all last year. But that is hyper growth, as we've been talking about. From an overall server standpoint, xGPU servers, if you will we're expecting somewhere in the mid-single digits for the year for server growth, revenue growth. And from a storage perspective again, we talked about returning to growth in the second half. And so, you'd see that sequential improvement as the quarters progress. So growth, sequential growth in the second quarter and then both sequential and year-over-year growth in the second half.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thank you very much for taking the question. I know, Jeff, I think you sort of alluded earlier to some of the customer aspects of the AI platforms and I guess what I want to make sure I understand here is the nature or concentration of who are the customers for your AI platforms because we know a number of years ago, Dell had moved away from selling eServer to the hyperscalers due to the limited profitability. I'd like to get an update on what the customer mix looks like today and if there's any kind of new concentration or what the exposure is to hyperscale versus tier two. And in that context, I'm referring to companies like CoreWeave as well as sort of large enterprises. If you could help us with the bucket. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: You know, I think we talked about this last time as well, but we talked about our mix of businesses between tier two CSPs and enterprise. I can tell you quarter over quarter the number of enterprise customers grew the percent of revenue increased and the amount of dollars we sold to enterprise customers of AI servers and AI gear increased. Is it still in the balance towards the tier two CSPs? Yes. Those are the largest opportunities. They tend to be very project based or nonlinear, if you will. Those people come in as they come in. Build out occurs, next opportunity, and then we pursue that. And we are involved in I think, every one of those opportunities that are out there. We believe the opportunity for us long term given our footprint and obviously our customer base is the deployment of AI at scale in the enterprise. We continue to be encouraged by the growing customers. The number of customers that are repeat buyers increased quarter over quarter, indicating they are moving from more proof of concept into deploying. And then the long-term opportunity in the enterprise for us is inference, where you might recall from the remarks I made last week at DPW long term inference will be the largest use case or what I like to call AI in production and use over the course of the decade. So, the opportunity for us remains immense. We're excited about it. Clearly, the near-term opportunity in training is with the Tier 2 CSP and the opportunity to take and build expert systems the ability to use open source models, the ability to use your own data on prem is clearly what we believe is happening. The opportunity, and we're there.
Simon Leopold: And just one item you didn't mention is this concept of sovereign networks. Do you consider those Tier 2 or is that something different in your mind?
Jeff Clarke: It's something different and I normally get the question, so I'll anticipate it of what's the opportunity is this going to gap out and we haven't even scratched the surface of that. So if you think about the Tier 2 CSP opportunities, our line of sight through the end of next year remains robust. A growing enterprise customer base deploying across increasingly more use cases heading towards inference and then as you just described, Simon, the sovereign opportunities that are in their early stages of development are a tremendous opportunity.
Simon Leopold: Thank you very much.
Operator: Of course. And our next question will come from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.
Ananda Baruah: Hi. Thanks for taking the question, really appreciate it. I wanted to ask you a question on inference, so I'll just pick up where you just left off. How would you describe kind of where enterprise your enterprise customers generally speaking are on their inference journey right now and when do you think it's good for us to begin to expect your typical enterprise customer to begin to really lean into inference? And that's it for me. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: I start back with enterprises large and small and everything in between continue to work through what their strategy is for AI. And we continue to work with them with our professional services to help them understand their strategy, what use cases are they trying to solve for. Consistently across enterprise there are six use cases that make their way to the top of almost every discussion. It's around content creation, support assistance, natural language search, design and data creation, code generation and document automation. And helping customers understand their data, how to prepare their data for those use cases are what we're doing today. And then once you do that, you begin to go build a set of capabilities that implement. And how do they implement? Well, typically they're using information retrieval systems, whether that's RAG or vector databases or other techniques that are building these expert systems along with large language models to protect their data and to keep their data on-prem and to utilize their unique information to get the outcomes they're looking for. And customers are aquatic. I mean, it's a large customer base, as you would imagine. They're in various stages of that. And we've just scratched the surface. The number of customers we have versus the number of customers that are buying AI gear from us, we have a lot of opportunity. And that's what we believe the promise is long term, is that to be competitive in your respective industries, you have to deploy this technology. I think I've said it publicly, it's changing, it's disruptive, it changes the base of competition, it drives tremendous productivity gains. There's not a single customer engagement I'm involved in where those words don't get mentioned. It's how to help them get there. And we're in various stages of the journey. And I guess that's my long-winded way of saying we're really early on in inference and have a big opportunity in front of us. And I'll reemphasize again, since it's been a subject of the call, we see in smaller deals, we're adding greater value across our deployment services, our vast capabilities around networking and around storage, margins improved across AI deployed in those environments.
Ananda Baruah: Thank you very much. Really appreciate it.
Jeff Clarke: Of course.
Operator: And we'll take a question from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.
Asiya Merchant: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Regarding the backlog, how should we think about conversion of this backlog of 3.8 billion into revenues as the quarter progresses? And at some point as more chips that come on board here are we expecting this for you guys to have the supply or are you expecting there's going to be, again, supply that's going to be falling short here and backlog continuing to grow as a result of that in terms of lead time? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Let's see if I can try to parse that. The backlog is similar to the lead time question somewhat difficult to parse because the backlog is across multiple technologies, H100, H200, B200, et cetera, even other alternatives. They have different customer commits and delivery dates depending on the priority. And the backlog clears as we go through that priority list. We've tried to reflect the best of our knowledge of the availability of supply versus the priority, our time through the factories and the guidance and outlook that Yvonne provided. That's about the best I can do with where the state of the backlog is. Our job is to continue to sell more. Our five-quarter pipeline continues to look strong. It's built again. We're going to take POs. That means backlog builds as we wait for parts. That's what we'll do.
Rob Williams: Okay, nice to see you.
Operator: And we have a question from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. I guess I was just curious on the inflation question on the component side and the pass-through of new GPUs within the servers. Are you seeing it develop as you thought 90 days ago or is there anything you would call out as maybe incremental pressure on the gross margins, et cetera? And any other thoughts on just the supply chain for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Q1 was the deflationary period when we look at all of our input costs. And I think that's the last one for the year. We expect our costs to go up in Q2, all forms of costs, our freight costs, our component costs. And then we see a step function in cost in the second half of the year driven primarily by DRAM and SSD. I'm sure you've done your checks, but if you look at what's happening there, you're seeing SSD, DRAM in the second half of the year up mid-teens to the 20 percentile quarter-on-quarter. That's what we think happens. Every indication, the lack of capital expenditure low factory utilization and not a lot of wafer starts are going to lead to less supply than the market demand that will be out there. And the demand for AI servers and putting high bandwidth memory in these, high performing DRAM in these, and lots of storage is consuming lots of parts. And as the backlog we just talked about gets built, we're going to be consuming lots of material in the second half of the year. So that's what I think happens in terms of we're going from the last quarter of deflation to now three quarters of inflation, a step function in the second half. It does place margin pressure on us. Again, we've tried to reflect that to the best of our ability and our outlook. We've talked about this before. We generally recover about two thirds of the cost over a 90-day period. We have begun to reprice things. Part of our server recovery is we increased price not too long ago. And we'll be looking at the cost structures of SSDs and DRAM across our entire product portfolio and adjust accordingly.
Steven Fox: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: You're welcome.
Operator: And we have a question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you for taking the question. Maybe if I change gears and sort of go to the CSG segment. You sounded more optimistic about commercial client improving through the rest of the year, maybe just share what you're seeing or hearing from your customers in that regard. How much of this is prioritization of the replacement of the PC install base or even sort of acceleration of the replacement before the Windows end of life? And how do you -- what are you hearing in terms of enterprises evaluating AI PCs in that decision-making cycle as well this year?
Jeff Clarke: Look, I'm glad you detected a bit of excitement after 2 years of decline to have the business grow again was good. Yvonne and I often joke about this, one data point does not make a trend. We need a few more dots on the old chart to see a trend that we can call a recovery, but we're encouraged. And that's a good sign. Some other things that we, I think, talked about that I think are worth noting is that demand improved over the course of the quarter. The pipeline grew over the course of the quarter. We haven't had that in two years. We saw more activity in large businesses. That was encouraging. We still have an opportunity to see SB and MB pull along with that. So you can't call a recovery until you see MB and SBs pull along with it. But we remain encouraged in the three indicators that I called out in our remarks are what we see. Install base has never been older. Four years ago today, we were all home working remote, trying to mobilize our employee base to be remote. Those products are all four years old now. And that is typically when things get replaced and that's built up. We'll be the same through calendar 25 or fiscal 26. And that is a reason for belief that there is a refresh coming because the install base hasn't been older and it needs to be updated. You have the additional component of there is end-of-life of a version of Windows. History said when there's an end-of-life, or history is indicated, when there's an end-of-life of an operating system, there is a buying pattern to get refreshed and updated. And then we have the promise of what you said of AI PCs. We launched our first AI PCs much earlier this year with Meteor Lake across our entire corporate portfolio. We just announced a handful of new ones last week at Dell Technologies World. There's more coming. The application base is building against that, whether that be what Adobe is doing, CrowdStrike is doing, what Zoom is doing, where you're getting more performance or more capability or the announcement from Microsoft last week with Copilot Plus where you can do things like search, recall, live caption, and other exciting new capabilities that we think will drive ultimate demand for PCs. So that's the backdrop. I'd be remiss if I didn't tell you that IDC, if you hadn't seen, took down the forecast for the year. Our internal models took it down a little bit as well. But we believe we continue to grow. As we said, low single digits, work to do. We plan to take share and outperform the marketplace.
Rob Williams: Okay. Thanks, Samik. We've got time for one more question and then we'll turn it over to Jeff for some final thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our final question from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks, Rob, for squeezing me in. Yvonne, this is a question for you. If I take your comments and Jeff's comments around AI servers, it appears that there's a modest linear ramp in sort of the AI server revenue recognition as we go through 2Q and the second half of this year. If that's right, what is the gating factor? I know you talked about it earlier and Jeff talked about different sort of customer priorities and timelines. But I'd imagine that you would have seen a stronger ramp in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q. And if that's the case, are you seeing a stronger demand in 2Q that's impacting gross margins that affects sort of the guide for this particular quarter?
Yvonne McGill: So, I'll start on that from P&L perspective but I really do think it's about the demand and Jeff hit on the, dynamic environment and supply environment that we are experiencing there and the backlog that continues to build right now. So, when I was talking about AI and how we recognize, server margins, talking about them being rate dilutive, that margin dollar or creative, talking about building the balance sheet up. So we're deferring, we're selling these solutions with services and that services gets recognized over time. And so we'll continue to build that up. So when we look at the deal holistically on how we're negotiating with the customer, what benefit we'll receive over time, these are favorable deals for us. But again, in the P&L, you have to build up that balance sheet and we have significant balance sheet strength across our entire portfolio. And we're, we're building this element of it as this is a new, I'll call it a new startup business for us. I don't know, Jeff, is there anything you'd add to that?
Jeff Clarke: No. We think the demand is there. You can look at many of the external sources and you can see demand for AI broadly deployed. The industry's optimistic, whether that's token growth, whether that's data growth, whether that's the flops required to process it. What's happening is we build out these mega-clusters to train next generation AI models and applications. This is a demand driver for the course of the decade.
Yvonne McGill: And we'll build up the balance sheet as the demand and the expansion in the enterprise and it will manifest into the P&L.
Jeff Clarke: Awesome. Thanks, everyone. We're leveraging our engineering expertise to deliver open, modular, and comprehensive AI solutions for our customers from the largest hyperscaler data centers to enterprise customers across the globe. That's something no other company in the industry can do as well as us. We've gained tremendous traction with our AI solutions over the past three quarters. And as you can see from our announcements at Dell Technologies World, our innovation engine is humming and we're just getting started. Thanks for your time today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-02-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2024 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants; this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review these materials and the presentation, which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks Rob, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. As I reflect back on this past year, it's increasingly clear that data and technology are essential to everything our customers do, and Dell is well-positioned to thrive in this environment. Our FY24 revenue was $88.4 billion, with operating income of $7.7 billion and EPS of $7.13. In a year where revenue declined, we maintained our focus on operational excellence, delivering solid earnings per share and outstanding cash flow. FY24 was one of those years that didn't go as planned, but I really like how we navigated it. We showed our grit and determination by quickly adapting to a dynamic market, focusing on what we can control, and extending our model into the high-growth AI opportunity. Our operating margin rate improved as we delivered higher gross margins with disciplined operating expense management. We focused on cash and working capital improvements, generating $8.7 billion cash flow from operations, and we improved our cash conversion cycle to negative 47 days exiting the year, a 15-day improvement. We delivered on our capital allocation commitments, and we have returned $7 billion to shareholders since the initiation of our dividend. Earlier today, we announced an increase to our dividend, which Yvonne will cover in more detail. We have positioned ourselves well in AI. We've already started to benefit from the momentum we're seeing. We saw strong demand continue for our AI-optimized server portfolio, including our flagship PowerEdge XE9680, which remains the fastest-ramping solution in company history. We have just started to touch the AI opportunities ahead of us, including broader adoption of AI by enterprise customers and the projected growth in unstructured data where we are well-positioned with industry-leading storage solutions. We believe the long-term AI action is on-prem where customers can keep their data and intellectual property safe and secure. PCs will become even more essential as most day-to-day work with AI will be done on the PC. We remain excited about the long-term opportunity in our CSG business. Look for us to make a number of new product and solution announcements at Dell Technology World in May that will help customers get started with AI and make it easy. Turning to Q4, we saw positive signs in the business as we exited the year, but enterprise and large customers remained cautious with their spend. Our Q4 execution was solid given the environment with ISG faring better than CSG. We delivered revenue of $22.3 billion with strong profitability and cash flow. Operating income was $2.1 billion. Diluted EPS was $2.20, and cash flow from operations was $1.5 billion. In ISG, traditional server demand grew year-over-year and a third consecutive quarter of sequential growth, and storage demand grew above normal seasonality, though down year-over-year as expected. Storage recovery typically lags servers by a couple of quarters. Our strong momentum in the AI build-out continues as we believe Dell is uniquely positioned with our broad portfolio to help customers build Gen-AI solutions that meet their performance, cost, and security requirements. In Q4, we saw strength across a wider range of customers and geographies within expanding pipeline. AI-optimized server orders increased by nearly 40% sequentially. We shipped $800 million of AI-optimized servers, and our backlog nearly doubled sequentially, exiting the fiscal year at $2.9 billion. Demand continues to outpace GPU supply, though we are seeing H100 lead times improving. We are also seeing strong interest in orders for AI-optimized servers equipped with the next generation of AI GPUs, including the H200 and the MI300X. Most customers are still in the early stages of their AI journey, and they are very interested in what we are doing at Dell. We are helping them get started and work through their use cases, data preparation, training, and infrastructure requirements. They appreciate our perspective, our collaborative approach, and the capabilities we can provide to help them create holistic AI solutions, including our end-to-end portfolio, engagement with our engineering teams, consulting services, and financing options. Progress in this space won't always be linear, but we are excited about the opportunity ahead. In CSG, we remain optimistic about the coming PC refresh cycle as the PC install base continues to age, Windows 10 reaches end of life later next year, and the industry makes advances in AI-enabled architectures and software applications. In Q4, we maintained pricing discipline and managed our costs well in an increasingly competitive environment, delivering solid operating margins. In the near term, the PC market is still soft and we expect the recovery to push into the second half as enterprise and large customers remain cautious with their spin. We will continue to execute our CSG strategy, which has served us well across various economic cycles, focusing on commercial and high-end consumer with a strong attached motion. As we enter FY25, our strategy remains simple. We are leveraging our strengths to extend our leadership positions and turning new opportunities into incremental growth. We are well-positioned with our unique operating model and a number of tailwinds. We are driving a disproportionate level of AI server growth, fueled by our technology leadership, engineering expertise, service capabilities, and our traditional server business is gaining momentum. Our storage business will benefit from the exponential growth expected in unstructured data and we are bullish on the coming PC refresh cycle where we are well-positioned. We are optimistic about FY25 and expect a return to growth above our long-term framework. Now over to Yvonne for more details about Q4.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Jeff. In Q4, we delivered revenue of $22.3 billion, down 11%, with strong gross margins and lower operating expense. Gross margin was $5.5 billion and 24.5% of revenue, up 70 basis points, with a mixed shift to ISG. We saw increased pricing pressure in Q4 in PCs and servers, but remained focused on profitable opportunities and we will continue to maintain that discipline and focus going forward. Operating expense was almost $0.5 billion lower than this time last year at $3.3 billion, or 14.9% of revenue, down 12% as we actively manage our overall spend. Operating income was 9.6% of revenue and $2.1 billion, down 1%, with lower operating expense and an increase in our gross margin rate, largely offsetting the revenue decline. Q4 net income was $1.6 billion, up 22%, driven by a lower tax rate and lower I&O. Diluted EPS was $2.20, up 22%. ISG revenue was $9.3 billion, down 6% and up 10% sequentially. Servers and networking revenue was $4.9 billion, down 2% year-over-year and up 4% sequentially. Server order growth was strong, with the majority of our AI-optimized server orders going into backlog. Our AI mix of server demand increased again sequentially, given strong customer interest in GenAI. We delivered storage revenue of $4.5 billion, down 10% year-over-year and up 16% sequentially, with better profitability as we increased our mix of proprietary storage software. Demand improved sequentially across the storage portfolio, above our normal seasonality. ISG operating income was 15.3% of revenue and $1.4 billion, down 7%, driven by a decline in revenue and a lower gross margin rate, given the higher AI-optimized server mix, partially offset by lower operating expense. Our Q4 CSG revenue was $11.7 billion, down 12%, largely driven by a decline in units. Commercial and consumer revenue were $9.6 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively. CSG operating income was $0.7 billion, or 6.2% of revenue. Op Inc was up 8%, driven by lower operating expense and higher gross margin rates, partially offset by a decline in revenue. Earlier this week, we announced that Dell will have the broadest portfolio of commercial AI PCs in the industry and new XPS systems, which feature built-in AI acceleration, with an addition of the neural processing unit, or NPU, helping to improve performance, productivity, and collaboration. While PC demand recovery has pushed out, we remain bullish on the coming PC refresh cycle and the longer-term impact of AI on the PC market. Our Dell Financial Services originations were $8.4 billion for the year and $2.5 billion in Q4, down 19% driven by the sale of our consumer revolving portfolio and lower VMware resale. DFS managed assets ended the year at $14.4 billion while the overall DFS portfolio quality remained strong with credit losses near historically low levels. Turning to cash flow and balance sheet, our Q4 cash flow from operations was $1.5 billion, primarily driven by profitability. We ended the quarter with $9 billion in cash and investments, down $0.9 billion sequentially, driven by capital returns of $1.1 billion and debt paydown partially offset by free cash flow generation. And we reached our core leverage target of 1.5x exiting the year. During the quarter, we repurchased 11.2 million shares of stock at an average price of $74.67 and paid a $0.37 per share quarterly dividend. And earlier today, we announced a 20% increase in our annual dividend to $1.78 per share, well above our long-term financial framework and a testament to our confidence in the business and our ability to generate strong cash flow. Turning to guidance, there are several trends that give us confidence in our view of FY25. First, the momentum around AI. Second, the improvement we're seeing in traditional servers. And third, the aging PC install base that is due for a refresh. The macro environment, however, is leading customers to be more thoughtful about their infrastructure budgets, particularly in the first half. Against that backdrop, we expect Dell Technologies FY25 revenue to be in the range of $91 billion and $95 billion, with a midpoint of $93 billion and 5% growth above our long-term value creation framework. We expect ISG to grow in the mid-teens, fueled by AI, with a return to growth in traditional servers and storage, and our CSG business to grow in the low single digits for the year. We expect the combination of ISG and CSG to grow 8% at the midpoint, offset by a decline in other businesses. Given the higher mix of AI-optimized servers, inflationary input costs, and the current competitive environment, we do expect our gross margin rate to decline roughly 100 basis points. We'll maintain our cost discipline and expect OpEx to be roughly flat. We expect I&O of roughly $1.4 billion. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $7.50 plus or minus $0.25, up 5% at the midpoint, assuming an annual non-GAAP tax rate of 18%. For Q1 of fiscal 2025, we expect Dell Technologies revenue to be in the range of $21billion and $22 billion, with a midpoint of $21.5 billion, up 3%. We expect the combination of ISG and CSG to grow 5% at the midpoint, with ISG up in the mid-to-high teens. Gross margin rate will be lower sequentially, given seasonally lower storage mix and a higher AI-optimized server mix. OpEx will be up slightly with typical seasonality. Q1 diluted share count should be between 723 million and 727 million shares. Diluted non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $1.15 plus or minus $0.10. In closing, we are optimistic and expect a return to growth in FY 2025 and beyond, with a number of tailwinds. We have strong conviction in the growth of our TAM over the long-term, and we are committed to delivering against our long-term financial framework, with average annual revenue growth of 3% to 4%, diluted EPS growth of at least 8%, and a net income to adjusted free cash flow conversion of 100% or better over time. We are also committed to returning 80% or more of our adjusted free cash flow to shareholders over the long-term. We're excited about the future and confident in our ability to create meaningful long-term value for all our key stakeholders. Now, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks Yvonne. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Let's go to the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our first question from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: Great, thanks guys for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to a comment that Jeff made in the prepared remarks about the unstructured data opportunity going forward. Just would love to kind of get a sense for how you're thinking about the storage opportunity as AI broadens out in your server portfolio and how should we be thinking about the timing? I know you generally speaking storage kind of follow the servers by one to two quarters, but with the AI opportunity, did that change in any way and how are you thinking about leveraging your existing portfolio to take advantage of all this data that's being created? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, thanks for the question, David. I look at it and maybe in the simplest terms to feed these GPUs with the data they need to train models, fine tune models, then ultimately drive them into production via inference is data, data intensive. And we look at that sort of architecture that these things need to be fed and fed an incredibly high bandwidth to make sure the GPU engines aren't idle. And when we reflect on what's happening in the marketplace with training, a lot of training initially has been done in text and as we get to richer data sets and we move into enterprise, which we would think the big opportunity is as AI tracks to where the data is created, which is on-prem or out at the edge of the network, it lends itself to a growing storage opportunity for us. And I really like our portfolio. I think about what we've done with PowerScale, recently launched the F710 and 210 where we've increased the write performance, we've increased the read performance, we've increased the performance around some of these high concurrency, latency sensitive workloads. It's aligned with what is going to be the growing need as this gets deployed inside the enterprise. And I think the same is true around our object scale product, the XF960. These are the types of assets and capabilities that our customers are going to need as they really move from training to inference out into what we call the real production world. And we like our portfolio. You may have seen an announcement from us early in the quarter around a SuperPOD certified with Ethernet. We think that is an absolutely critical capability of bringing storage into the enterprise. Many and most enterprises are Ethernet based. That's a huge opportunity being in the marketplace with that and the new storage products that I referenced, I think sets up quite well to be able to feed these new workloads with high performance storage, which we tend to be the leader in.
David Vogt: All right, thanks Jeff for the color. That helps.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Eric Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Super guys, thanks so much for taking my question. Jeff, I was wondering if you could expand maybe a bit on some of the qualitative characteristics around your AI optimized server backlog order and pipeline, meaning the mix of tier two cloud customers that you've talked about in the past versus enterprises, how that looks like from a dollar or a client count perspective, if or what you are hearing from any sovereigns, linearity in the quarter and any kind of qualitative details that you could share with us. Thanks so much.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, there's a lot to answer there. Let me start with maybe the demand. And you heard us talk about the demand up sequentially 40%. And that demand was across a rich customer set. The number of CSPs grew, the number of enterprise buyers grew. So for us, two important indicators is less concentrated this quarter than the previous quarter with more customers in both the CSP category and the enterprise category buying from us. That demand was spread across the H100, H800, the H200 and the MI300X. So we sold a broad portfolio or a broad portfolio of silicon diversity into the marketplace for our customers. That's reflected in our backlog. And the backlog is hard to parse in the sense of a single lead time because it's now a complex backlog with multiple variants before that I mentioned across deployments needed today, deployments needed through the balance of the quarter and balance of the first half and balance of the second half. So we had delivery dates planned on new data center capabilities or new data center build out. So we're excited about that. Probably another important characterization about the demand and how the backlog looks is the pipeline grew. We talked about our five-quarter pipeline at the last call. The five-quarter pipeline grew this quarter as well. So who we sold to grew. The potential of who we're going to sell to grew. The number of shipments that we had during the quarter grew and the backlog grew. And we expect to ship more in Q1 than we shipped in Q4. I hope that was the color that you're looking for. And maybe the last part of your question is there's certainly a lot of energy and opportunity around these emerging nation state opportunities, building out AI and rebuilding their economies around these modern technologies. We believe we're in those discussions. We believe that's a very untapped opportunity in the marketplace and we're certainly with our geographic coverage and our go-to-market coverage believe we're in the game.
Erik Woodring: Beautiful. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Well Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question and congrats on the good results. I guess getting away from maybe the AI because I'm sure a lot of people are focused there, but I'm curious in your comments on the traditional server market. I know some of the Gartner data suggests we're still seeing overall units down quite a bit on a year-over-year basis and servers offset by AI. But what's giving you the confidence or the visibility that you're starting to see the traditional server market recover? And just, any thoughts on the pace of that as we look through the calendar year?
Jeff Clarke: Well, maybe a couple of data points and I'm sure Yvonne will add to this. But I think we mentioned in our talking point the traditional server business grew year-over-year in demand in Q4. It was the third consecutive quarter of sequential growth. We look into the pipeline of the coming year and it continues to improve. This is the longest digestion period that I can recollect in this industry. Everything is setting up for an investment in traditional servers to run traditional server workloads, which are very different than these accelerated AI workloads. So our line of sight into what our customers need gives us confidence that we believe that traditional servers are recovering. The question will be rate and what rate will they recover, but we're optimistic. A long digestion period, those workloads still very important running mission-critical workloads in many of our largest customers all the way down to small and medium businesses. The performance that we exit or the momentum that we exit in the year with I think gives us the ability to look going forward. Our own internal modeling says that our traditional server market is a modest growth on a year-over-year basis. Yvonne, anything?
Yvonne McGill: No, I think you had it and it's really just the moving forward into the next year and the continuation of that, of the trend we've been seeing after the three quarters in a row.
Aaron Rakers: Excellent. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Aaron.
Operator: We will take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. I just wanted to explore the margin question a little bit. I think you talked about growth margins being down sequentially and the first sighted reason was higher AI mix. AI was less than 5%, AI services was less than 5% of your revenues this quarter, probably will be next quarter. So for 5% of your revenues to have an impact on growth margins that you're calling out would suggest that AI server margins are really low. So can you A, explicitly address that math of where AI server margins are relative to company average growth margins? And can you talk about how you think about PC margins in fiscal Q1 and for fiscal 2025? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Toni. We obviously now we closed out FY 2024 with really strong profitability and moving into Q1, there's a number of factors that we're looking at. We've got CSG and ISG combined and expect them to grow about 5% year-over-year at the midpoint. We have total revenue at the midpoint expected to grow and deliver at $21.5 billion or up 3%. ISG is expected to grow in the teens driven by traditional and AI services. CSG is expected to be down in the low single digits, so minus three about year-over-year. And then we get to gross margin rate, which I think is the key to your question. So we expect that to be down quarter-on-quarter, about 200 basis points. Now, what is supporting that expectation? We are seasonally lower in storage mix. We see that every Q4 to Q1, so that's one of the drivers. We will have higher AI optimized server mix in Q1. Jeff already talked about that in question. And then holistically, we have another few influences on the margin. We've got an inflationary component cost environment. We're moving from deflationary last year to inflationary in the year that we are in right now. And then I'd say there's more competitive pressure. We're seeing more and more of that. And so that's what we expect to be impacting the gross margin. And I'd say operating margin rates will be down quarter-over-quarter due to all the items I just mentioned. But for the year, we're expecting improved performance as the quarters progress. So I think we're starting this way with what we're seeing now, but again, we expect this to continue to progress as the year does.
Jeff Clarke: All right, thanks, Toni.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Ananda Baruah with Loop Capital.
Ananda Baruah: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the good results and solid execution. I guess I'll use my question just on Gen AI and customer base and was just interested, Jeff, in getting the company's view on the opportunity over time to maybe participate with the hyperscalers. And one of the reasons that I'm thinking to ask this is that what we're hearing is we get maybe into calendar 2025, B100 of volume, the hyperscalers' real desire to sort of get fully integrated racks delivered, fully integrated racks, something that the OEMs like yourself would do well, would maybe be in your warehouse. So just wanted to get your thoughts on that and that's it for me. Thanks a lot.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, I'll see if I can address the question. I mean, the first thing you probably noticed in our web deck is we increased our view of the opportunity in the marketplace to $152 billion, 20% CAGR going forward to 2027. And quite frankly, that's probably a lagging indicator. It's still catching up. We think demand continues to be ahead of that. Primarily driven is the overall desire, demand for the computational components to do AI exceeds the supply picture. And quite frankly, it's refreshing to see. We have a high growth category here. That growth is happening certainly in the public cloud, but increasingly more so in enterprises, which is what certainly given our reach in the vast capabilities that we have in business to help customers adopt AI into their business flows, I think it's a big opportunity for us. It's where the data is. 83% of all data is on-prem. We think AI moves to the data. More data will be created outside of the data center going forward than inside the data center today. That's going to happen at the edge of the network. A smart factory, an oil derrick or platform, a deep up mine, all variations of this. We believe AI will ultimately get deployed next to where the data is created driven by latency. And we think about this, the opportunity is to get the training and fine tuning, which is well underway now. But I mentioned earlier this notion about AI in production, inferencing, running the actual tool in production to get the outcomes that businesses want. We believe that's the untapped large opportunity, get my words in the right order, going forward for us. So this notion of enterprise, our enterprise customer base growing, we've sold to education customers, manufacturing customers, governments. We've sold to financial services, business, engineering and consumer services companies. They're seeing vast deployments, proving out the technology. And some cases are using the tooling of the public cloud. And then they quickly find that they want to run AI on-prem because they want to control their data. They want to secure their data. It's their IP and they want to run domain specific and process specific models to get the outcomes they're looking for. Hopefully that gave you a rich context of what we're seeing across the customer base, the opportunity for us going forward. And this is at node scale, rack scale, and data center scale.
Ananda Baruah: Thanks a lot.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks for the color, Ananda.
Ananda Baruah: Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: You're very welcome.
Operator: We will take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you so much. You called out pricing pressure in AI servers. How are you responding to that? You think that you're leaving any revenue or orders on the table if the financial returns were not acceptable or are we not anywhere close to that point yet? And if you could just clarify this acceleration in ISG growth that we're looking at in next quarter. This quarter, server revenue growth was still relatively weak within servers and networking despite a very strong 800 million in AI servers. So just hoping to think through how you're expecting the AI or non-AI server component of that in that ISG growth over the next quarter. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Maybe a couple of market descriptors and then Yvonne can weigh in on the financial impact. Well, the competitive market in PCs increased quarter-over-quarter and particularly in low price bands. So when we made remarks about us being selective or focusing on profitability, that's how to decode it in the PC business is that this sub $500 market opportunity is certainly less profitable and we were much more guarded of how much we participated in that, which led to our share. We actually took share in mid-range and high-end price bands in mature markets. So I think that's a component of this. When I look at AI and then the comments around AI and margins, our margins actually improved quarter-over-quarter with AI. That's an encouraging sign. There's still less than traditional servers on a rate basis, but improving it's the second consecutive quarter of improvement. So that's some color about what's happening in the marketplace. We did see in traditional servers that in large bids, the competitiveness did increase quarter-over-quarter in Q4. We expect that to continue. That's not uncommon. Yvonne?
Yvonne McGill: No, I would. As we look at the holistic server portfolio for Q1, we're seeing obviously strong growth driven by the AI servers, but we're seeing growth, as we've talked about, sequential growth over traditional servers. It's close. We're not seeing, we're expecting growth to return year-over-year in traditional servers, but it's a very competitive market, as Jeff mentioned. What I'm really excited about is the other thing that Jeff talked about on really getting more and more value out of our GPU servers, really with, as we move more and more into the enterprise and get more richly configured, more services, etcetera, attached to that.
Jeff Clarke: That's the path. There's storage, deployment services, pro support, our consulting services, networking, so in the entire basket of the solution.
Yvonne McGill: But it is a competitive environment out there. So, we'll continue to maximize our opportunity.
Jeff Clarke: Yes, so modest growth in traditional, stronger growth in AI-enabled servers, and an opportunity with storage as the year progresses. Thanks, Wamsi.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my question, and Yvonne and Jeff, thanks for all the comments. Yvonne, maybe this is more for you. Just how should we think about the higher memory costs playing through the gross margins, particularly in the fourth quarter itself that you reported? And then as we think through fiscal 2025, are the headwinds more in the sort of early quarters? And how much of that is sort of baked in in relation to a headwind for the fiscal 2025 guide that you gave for 100 basis points moderation and gross margin? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks. We have taken into account all the information that we have available and have embedded that into the guide, right? So we are expecting it to be an inflationary environment going forward, and we will price that to the best of our ability in the market. Obviously, it's a competitive market. So the guide embeds those expectations. And, I don't know if Jeff, there's anything else you would add to that.
Jeff Clarke: Not at all. Well, we know we have planned that into the guidance that we provided both for the quarter and the year.
Yvonne McGill: And how we're pricing deals.
Jeff Clarke: Absolutely.
Yvonne McGill: We have flexibility to it, and we're doing what we need to do to maximize our profitability.
Jeff Clarke: Good. Thanks, Samik.
Operator: And we will now take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a nice set of numbers here. I'll speak to the AI team, because that seems to what matters right now. And so, Jeff, as you think about sort of the AI backlog of 2.9 billion that you're sitting on, how do you think about that converting to revenue? Sort of what's the cadence to convert that to revenues as you go forward? And then as you folks have talked about this mid-teens growth in ISG, could you maybe parse out and tell us how much you think will be storage versus traditional servers versus what is going to be driven by the AI servers for the whole fiscal 2025? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, Amit, there's no easy answer to your question, because the backlog is a mixed array, as I mentioned earlier, of H100s, H200s, H800s, as well as MI300Xs, with varying supply commitments and varying delivery commitments, as well as converting new demand of this five-quarter pipeline that I just mentioned. We believe we will ship more in Q1 than we shipped in Q4. As we look forward in our annual guidance, Yvonne [ph] has our best estimate of our demand and fulfillment of that demand that we've put into the annual guidance. To be able to parse it down in more detail, we have a product transition that's in front of us that we have to work on, H100, H200 to be specific, and we're taking orders on the new stuff as well as converting the current pipeline on the current product, the XC9680, with H100s in addition. So that's what we're working through. You might have seen our lead times have improved. That's reflective of the H100, and our lead times from the other parts are certainly longer, and that's what we're working our way through when supply commitments and as the demand comes in. I hope that was helpful.
Yvonne McGill: Yes, I might add, from a traditional server standpoint, we're expecting modest growth, so growth in the upcoming year. AI servers, certainly a very strong growth, especially from a year-over-year standpoint. And then storage, will lag a bit, but we expect tailwinds as the year progresses in the storage portfolio.
Amit Daryanani: That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks so much for taking that question. This is Steven [ph] calling on behalf of Krish. Jeff, if I could, I wanted to double-click a little bit on the storage business. During the January quarter, just given the better-than-seasonal strength there, can you talk about whether that was driven by sort of the early wave of follow-on AI storage demand, following several quarters of AI server demand, or is that coming from traditional storage demand? And secondly, sort of looking out here in the near term, I guess when we look at your PowerStore and PowerScale products, which part of the portfolio are your AI-focused customers spending more of their CapEx dollars on? And any thoughts on, for every dollar an AI server is being spent, is it like $0.50 or $0.75 or about another dollar of incremental AI storage spending for the down line?
Jeff Clarke: Sure, let's see if I can unpack that question into a few answers. So we look at the demand that we referred to, which was beyond normal seasonality. We had year-over-year demand growth in the unstructured space, ECS, as well as PowerScale. They grew quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year on a demand basis. Those are generally good indicators, as I mentioned earlier, around AI file and object, which are the data classes that generally feed the AI engines. So when I think about AI and the now new products that I mentioned earlier with better read and write performance, better coherency performance in these complex workloads, better density, the 710 era, that’s F710 to be specific, and F210 on PowerScale, and the object scale XF960, those are the types of products that go into these AI workloads. Our progress in traditional storage was good too. We were ahead of our normal seasonality, what we’ve expected from Q3 to Q4 across our traditional storage business. Although we commented this in our talking points, it was down year-over-year, but better than we expected across mid-range, across our data protection products and our high-end storage products. And then if I think long-term going forward, as we look at the opportunity, and again, we referenced the $152 billion in our web deck, but we've done some analysis that's available out in the public domain, but we're looking at an opportunity where every dollar that is for a AI server, GPU server, there's $2 to a growing $3 of professional services around that, networking around that, storage around that. I won't parse it down specifically, but what was really important is there's a drag that the opportunity in the marketplace continues to grow, not only around the computational asset itself, but the network fabric that it's needed, the storage subsystem to feed it, and then ultimately the professional services to help customers deploy it, but more importantly, figure out where their data is, how to prepare the data. And then ultimately, one of our additional value propositions across that whole spectrum is a financing arm, from the ability to provide the infrastructure of all types, the ability to provide services around that, and then the financing around it, we believe is very much part of our differentiation in the marketplace, particularly as this scales to the enterprise.
Rob Williams: Okay, thanks for your question, Steven.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. I guess, Jeff, just to follow up on that, I understand the traditional lag between storage and servers, but it seems like based on everything you said, there's a chance that storage continues to have a little bit more momentum near-term relative to servers. I guess, what am I missing in that, I guess, between going from inference to production type of workloads and seeing some of that extra two to three dollars? Like, why wouldn't we expect better server growth, rather better storage growth quicker this fiscal year? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Well, we believe we reflected that in our guidance for the year in ISG. The opportunities as the richer datasets that are beyond text, text today isn't very data intensive and can be compressed quite efficiently. As we go to richer data structure, data sets, this unstructured data opportunity exists as we move towards inference and in production. So that's the opportunity, to be able to call the rate of which enterprise will deploy AI at scale. It's all upside from my point of view, that we are literally in the early innings of enterprises deploying and moving from proof-of-concept and understanding this helps them drive a massive productivity inside of their enterprise and to allow them to really disrupt how they bring their products and service to the marketplace and how they serve their customers. Just like we are internally, many customers are going through understanding that and building their agendas. And this is a multi-year cycle. We believe that's the opportunity here. We've said publicly the productivity benefit alone is a once in a generation or once in several generation productivity uplift. And then the ability to think about how you build products and build your services to serve your customers. There's tremendous capability here that we believe enterprises are in their early characterization and understanding. And it's a long deployment cycle that we believe will benefit from and that we're leading the industry in.
Steven Fox: That's helpful.
Jeff Clarke: Thank you for the questions, appreciate it.
Steven Fox: Of course.
Operator: We will take our next question from the Asiya Merchant with Citigroup.
Asiya Merchant: Hey, thank you for very much for taking my question. Great results by the way. Just a quick question. I know you guys refreshed sort of your AI cam as part of this presentation. Just the questions that I get from investors, as you think about the 150 billion cam that you guys are highlighting now in 27, given Dell's share in storage, obviously your server, mainstream server share and overall share cam in servers. How do you guys think about your share in this 152 billion market by 27? Should we assume the share that you guys have now for servers and storage translates itself into the 150 billion share cam equivalent? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, that's an interesting question. The inside baseball view here is we are leading the market and we continue to expect to lead the market with our broad capabilities going forward. I believe it's reasonable and how we think about this internally that we have our target set on having a larger percentage of this market than we do in our traditional marketplaces. That's inclusive of the PC. I think one of the things again I think it makes us special and different here we can reach a large set of customers from the smallest businesses in the world to the largest multinationals in the world. We can service the CSPs. We can bring them the hardware, the GPU servers, in the future our AI PC so all the way out to the edge. We have a broad range of network fabric. We have the storage portfolio that's unmatched in the industry. Our 30 plus thousand service organizations with its service organization with the consultant and professional services organization that we have servicing in 180 different countries allows us incredible breadth to reach customers to deploy this gear wherever they might have it. The partners that we have with our DSIs and our go-to-market allow us further reach. So we kind of think of it that way that this is a market that's developing really aligned with the strengths of our company and allows us to extend our model in a very differentiated way to access this marketplace in a different in a differential manner. Not to mention I won't be shocked I said this that I think our engineering capabilities here are pretty unmatched and this stuff is really hard to tune these models to build clusters to get every ounce of performance that you're paying for is real engineering work and we believe we have the engineering scale to help many customers do this.
Asiya Merchant: Great, thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to see if you could give us a little bit of insight from your perspective of what's going on in various verticals or geography. So we've really been sort of tackling things sounding a little bit better on traditional and storage but I'm just wondering if there's any nuance as to where it's coming from either market verticals, market geographies, what's getting better? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Simon was that an AI specific question or broadly across the business?
Simon Leopold: Yes, broadly across the business. I really try to get a sense of what's influencing the business most apart from this focus on AI.
Jeff Clarke: Well sure, I'll try to clear with that. Yvonne will help me along the journey here. We talked about PCs is clearly a cycle where there's caution. You've seen that reflected in our performance and our upcoming guidance. So PCs isn't an area where we're seeing the upside yet. Do I expect the PC market to be bigger in calendar 2024 than 2023? Yes. Do I think the PC market is likely bigger in the second half of 2024 than it is in the first half? Absolutely so. Hence our remarks that we believe the opportunity in PCs is second half driven. That is primarily a result of an aging install base. It's never been bigger and older than it is today. We have a version of Windows that's retiring and we have hardware enabled AI PCs with an application base coming that should make it an exciting opportunity to own an AI PC. So let's start how that one plays out. We talked about traditional servers. There's momentum there. Three consecutive quarters of sequential growth and demand. First quarter in a long time of year-over-year demand growth. We exit with good momentum. We tried to reflect that in our guidance. That is in all geographies. Storage, better than we planned. It was good to see that was across the unstructured products as I mentioned that actually grew demand year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. And our mid-range data protection class products and our high-end products that perform better than we expected on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Yvonne reflected that in our guidance. That uplift in Q4 comes down in Q1. That's one of the challenges we have when we talk about the storage mix is changing in Q1 over Q4. And then there's just the tremendous uplift with AI. That is clearly the opportunity. It's large and we believe we're disproportionately participating in it. And it's an exciting category and that's driving tremendous momentum for us. Yvonne would you?
Yvonne McGill: I think you covered it well. We're expecting, really growth across the portfolio and across the globe as the year progresses.
Jeff Clarke: Yes, and then clearly, Simon, from a vertical standpoint, small business, medium business starting to come back, public has been strong this year, federal has been strong, and the education business has been strong. What we're really waiting on is that large corporate, global, multinational enterprise business. And it's natural, I think, for them to be a little bit cautious given the macroeconomic, geopolitical, and interest rate environment that we found ourselves in over the last several quarters. So that's the verticals that we're really looking forward to come back later this year. And that's kind of a sweet spot for Dell from a customer standpoint. So I appreciate your question.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research.
Ben Reitzes: Hey guys, thanks a lot. Jeff and Yvonne, how confident are you that you're going to get enough GPUs to grow from about a $1 billion level in AI servers in the first quarter? And then, Jeff, if you don't mind, can you just give us some more color on what you're excited about? I mean do you feel like the H200 is a multi-quarter cycle? The B100, do you feel like you're going to get them and be able to drive that into 2025? And any color on AMD and your early momentum there would be appreciated. Thanks a lot.
Jeff Clarke: Hey, Ben, let me try to work my way through the -- look, it's our job in the Dell supply chain to get the supply that is aligned with our demand. I think there are others that commented, I'll make our comment, the demand for these things is in excess of the supply. That continues certainly into next year. We're doing everything we can to get as much of that as we need for our customers. The methodology and allocation hasn't materially changed. We understand that, we're working that, and we'll continue to do so. I like what we've been able to accomplish thus far. I like our view with what I know at this moment in time for calendar 2024, fiscal 2025. I'd also tell you it's a little more complex this year. Last year is basically the H100 show. This year, I think I rattled off 4 different variants, and there's a transition associated with that. Some customers will more rapidly move to that than others. We have to manage through that, and it's reflected in our pipeline and our pipeline conversion, and ultimately, our backlog and what we call inside the company are our delivery date schedules of what commitments we've made to different customers. We understand that. We know when we need the parts, we work through that. This easily continues next year. Obviously, any line of sight to changes that we're excited about what's happening with the H200 and its performance improvement. We're excited about what happens at the B100 and the B200, and we think that's where there's actually another opportunity to distinguish engineering confidence. Our characterization in the thermal side, you really don't need direct liquid cooling to get to the energy density of 1,000 watts per GPU. That happens next year with the B200. The opportunity for us really to showcase our engineering and how fast we can move and the work that we've done as an industry leader to bring our expertise to make liquid cooling perform at scale, whether that's things in fluid chemistry and performance, our interconnect work, the telemetry we are doing, the power management work we're doing, it really allows us to be prepared to bring that to the marketplace at scale to take advantage of this incredible computational capacity or intensity or capability that will exist in the marketplace. What I'm excited about is this continues to rapidly move to the enterprise. This continues to rapidly move to businesses, really using it to drive business outcomes. Again, that's what we're in business to do. Our large portfolio, broad portfolio allows, we believe, for us to do that in a very differentiated manner at scale. That's the opportunity. Someone is kicking in at the desk. I need to mention we got a storage opportunity in there, that we have a networking opportunity in there, and we have a services opportunity in there and to go for the last of the bunch of financing opportunities. So those -- how could you not be excited about that given the demand environment?
Rob Williams: All right. Appreciate that question. We've got a very tight reporting cycle with some others in the space. And so we're going to take one last question, and Jeff is going to do a quick close. Appreciate everyone joining.
Operator: We will now take our final question from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. I just had a question on the full year guidance. Can you talk about how you're thinking about the segment margins relative to their respective long-term ranges and any swing factors that may cause performance towards the higher end or the lower end? Thank you.
Yvonne McGill: Sure. Thanks, Michael, for that. We are, as we think through the full year guide, we are, as I talked about, thinking of not only the inflationary component cost environment, but the more competitive environment that we've been seeing. We are expecting, we've talked about the dilutive rate impact within ISG over our AI-optimized servers. And so, as we play that through, we're looking to have better performance holistically for at a company level, but I think it will be different by quarter, and especially with the mix we're seeing from an AI standpoint. Jeff just talked about all of the variants that are at play. And so, expecting, continued or expecting improvement as the year progresses from a margin standpoint, but it'll be quite dynamic with the component cost environment and the competitive environment.
Jeff Clarke: So with that, let me wrap up the call. We clearly have AI momentum. Whether engineering, services and financing expertise, we are well positioned to continue to grow. And more broadly, we expect to return to growth across ISG and CSG for the year, led by ISG growing in the mid-teens. We're pretty excited about that. With that comes solid cash generation that you would expect us to return to our shareholders. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2023-11-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2024 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants, this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review these materials and the presentation, which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call.  During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income and diluted earnings per share. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements.  Now I'll turn it over to Jeff. 
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob. We delivered Q3 revenue of $22.3 billion, with solid profitability and strong cash flow. Operating income was $2 billion. Diluted EPS was $1.88, and cash flow from operations was $2.2 billion.  In ISG, the demand environment for traditional servers improved over the course of the quarter, and demand for AI servers continues to be strong across a wider range of customers. Demand for storage was down as expected. ISG revenue was flat quarter-on-quarter, with sequential growth in servers and networking revenue, driven by AI-optimized servers as we begin to convert more PowerEdge XE9680 backlog into revenue.  For the quarter, we shipped over $0.5 billion of AI-optimized servers, including our XE9680, XE9640, XE8640 and the R750 and R760xa servers. Customer demand for these AI servers nearly doubled sequentially, and demand remains well ahead of supply.  In CSG, the demand momentum we saw in June, July continued into August, but slowed as the quarter progressed. The result was CSG revenue was down sequentially and short of our expectations. Operationally, we executed well, remaining disciplined on pricing and an increasingly competitive environment. And we controlled our expenses, focusing on profit and cash flow, including outstanding working capital performance.  And lastly, we've returned another $1 billion to shareholders via share repurchase and dividends. Yvonne will go into more details on cash flow and capital returns later.  AI continues to dominate the technology in business conversation. Customers across the globe are turning their operations upside down to see how they can use generative AI to advance their businesses in meaningful ways. These AI initiatives are being driven at the CEO and Board levels. And as a result, we are at the front of a significant TAM expansion.  AI-optimized server mix increased to 33% of total server orders revenue in Q3, driven by strong demand from AI-focused cloud service providers and growing interest from other customer verticals. We drove improved demand margins, increased services attached and incremental unstructured storage attached over the course of the quarter. The XE9680 is the fastest ramping solution in Dell history. And in Q3, we continue to see strong demand and big wins, including customers like CoreWeave, a cloud provider that specializes in GPU accelerated workloads; and Imbue, which is using high-performance computing clusters powered by the XE9680 servers to train foundational models.  Our AI-optimized server backlog nearly doubled versus the end of Q2 with a multibillion-dollar sales pipeline, including increasing interest, across all regions. That all said, AI hype is everywhere, and we need to be measured in our expectations. We are still in the early innings with AI as customers continue to work through their AI strategies. Experience over multiple technology cycles tells us that progress won't always be linear, but we are excited about the opportunity in front of us. We believe Dell is uniquely positioned with our broad portfolio to help customers size, characterize and build GenAI solutions that meet their performance, cost and security requirements. Our AI strategy, AI in our products, AI built on our solutions, AI for our business and AI for our ecosystem partners is the foundation for our actions, priorities, roadmaps and partnerships. And in Q3, we continue to build our capabilities.  We are collaborating with Meta to make it easy for our customers to deploy Meta’s Llama 2 models on-premises, with Dell AI-optimized portfolio. We are also collaborating with Hugging Face to help users create and fine-tune and implement their own open source GenAI models on Dell infrastructure. And earlier this month, we introduced the ObjectScale XF960, an all-flash scale-out appliance for GenAI and real-time analytics based on our software-defined object storage solution, which can run on Linux and Red Hat OpenShift on PowerEdge servers.  Looking forward, the recovering ramp in PC demand we were expecting in Q3 has pushed out, with large enterprises and corporate customers remaining cautious with their spending. The PC install base continues to age, and there are exciting changes coming to the PC next year, including advances in AI-enabled architectures from Intel, AMD and Windows on Arm, which will help drive a PC refresh cycle. We are also seeing the beginning of a traditional server rebound, and historically, storage follows a couple of quarters later.  We are leveraging our strengths to extend our leadership positions and turn new opportunities, including multi-cloud, edge and AI into incremental growth. And we are positive on FY '25 and fully expect to return to growth next year given the expected tailwinds to our various businesses, including AI.  Technology is everywhere, and Dell is ready. The amount and value of data continues to grow. And as that happens, the opportunity for Dell Technology grows in tandem. We have proven that over 4 decades through wave after wave of innovation. And we have proven our ability to capture the growth as our TAM expands and translate that into results for our stakeholders. Regardless of the economic cycle, expect us to focus on growing and extending our core businesses in the areas with the most attractive profits to deliver innovation for our customers, remain disciplined in our pricing and focus on costs.  Now over to Yvonne for the detailed Q3 financials. 
Yvonne McGill : Thanks, Jeff. We're focused on driving a balance of growth, profitability and cash flow in any demand environment. We delivered revenue of $22.3 billion, down 10% with strong gross margins, lower operating expense and improved working capital management. Gross margin was $5.3 billion and 23.7% of revenue, flat year-over-year.  We continue to see increased pricing pressure in Q3 but remain focused on profitable opportunities. And you should expect us to continue to maintain discipline and focus going forward. Operating expense was $3.3 billion or 14.9% of revenue, down 5%, driven by lower SG&A costs and down 7% sequentially as we actively manage our spend.  Operating income was $2 billion, down 17% and 8.8% of revenue with the impact of a decline in revenue, partially offset by lower operating expense. Our tax rate was 19.2% year-to-date or 15.4% for the quarter.  Net income was $1.4 billion, down 19%, and diluted EPS was $1.88, down 18%. Our recurring revenue in the quarter was $5.6 billion, up 4%, and our remaining performance obligation, or RPO, was $39 billion, flat year-over-year, with growth in deferred revenue offset by a decrease in backlog.  Deferred revenue was up primarily due to increases in software and hardware maintenance agreements and VMware resell. ISG revenue was $8.5 billion, down 12% and flat sequentially. Servers and networking revenue was $4.7 billion, up 9% sequentially. We saw server ASPs continue to expand in both AI-optimized and traditional servers, and our AI mix of server demand accelerated again sequentially given customer interest in GenAI.  We delivered storage revenue of $3.8 billion, down 13%, with demand growth in data protection and PowerScale. ISG operating income was $1.1 billion or 12.6% of revenue, down 170 basis points, driven by a decline in revenue, partially offset by an increase in gross margin rate.  Looking forward, our many #1 positions are proof of our deep enterprise expertise. And with a TAM of $200 billion growing at a 7% CAGR over the next few years, we are confident in our ability to grow the business as the market returns to growth.  Our fiscal Q3 CSG revenue was $12.3 billion, down 11%, primarily driven by a decline in units, while ASPs remained flat. Commercial and consumer revenue were $9.8 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively. CSG profitability remained strong in Q3, with operating income up $0.9 billion or 7.5% of revenue. Op inc was down 20 basis points, driven by a decline in revenue, offset by lower operating expense and an increase in gross margin rate as we maintained pricing discipline and benefited from lower input costs. With a TAM of $400 billion growing at a 2% CAGR, we will continue to focus on commercial, the high end of consumer, profitable relative performance and executing our direct attach motion for services, software, peripherals and financing.  During the quarter, we saw continued strength in APEX and our Data Center Utility and Flex On Demand offerings and added new multi-cloud offerings, including APEX cloud platform for Azure and Red Hat OpenShift. Our Q3 Dell Financial Services originations were $1.8 billion. DFS ending managed assets reached $13.9 billion, up 1%, while the overall DFS portfolio quality remains strong with credit losses near historically low levels.  Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was $2.2 billion, primarily driven by working capital improvement and profitability. Working capital benefited from an approximately $200 million sequential decline in inventory, strong collections performance and continued improvement in receivables aging. Our cash conversion cycle improved again sequentially and is now at negative 52 days, a 20-day improvement since the end of last year. We ended the quarter with $9.9 billion in cash and investments, flat sequentially, driven by free cash flow generation, offset by $1 billion in capital returns.  Core leverage was 1.6x exiting Q3, flat sequentially. During the quarter, we repurchased 11.2 million shares of stock at an average price of $66.55 and paid a $0.37 per share quarterly dividend.  Turning to guidance. Enterprise and large corporate customers continue to be cautious in the current macro environment. Against that backdrop, we expect Q4 revenue to be in the range of $21.5 billion and $22.5 billion, with a midpoint of $22 billion. Sequentially, we expect ISG revenue to be up mid-single digits, driven by sequential growth in traditional servers and seasonal growth in storage. We expect CSG revenue to be down low-single digits sequentially. We're seeing pockets of stability in PC demand, but have yet to see a broader recovery in the PC market.  And in our Other business segment, we expect to be down in the low 20s sequentially. Operating income rate should be down marginally versus Q3, driven by a more competitive pricing environment in CSG. And for our tax rate, you should assume roughly 20% plus or minus 100 basis points for Q4 or 19.5% at the midpoint for the full year. We expect our Q4 diluted share count to be between 729 million and 733 million shares, and our diluted EPS should be $1.70, plus or minus $0.10. We're increasing our expectations for the full year diluted earnings per share to $6.63, plus or minus $0.10.  Turning to FY '25. It's still early in our planning process. However, I recognize you're thinking about next year. So let me share our current thinking. We're seeing signs of stability and inflection in parts of the portfolio, including traditional and AI-optimized servers. We expect revenue to return to growth next year, above our long-term financial framework. The opportunity is the broader IT spending recovery with large corporate and enterprise customers, particularly in the U.S.  We'll continue to focus on profitable growth, but we'll be mindful of the competitive environment and inflationary input costs as we move through the next year. Pricing discipline and cost controls will help mitigate these headwinds. Count on us to continue to execute our unique operational model, focused on cash flow, and returning capital to shareholders. And we look forward to updating our FY '25 expectations in more detail on our Q4 earnings call.  In closing, we have strong conviction in the growth of our TAM over the long term with technology trends like AI, multi-cloud and edge in our favor. At the end of the day, our strategy is simple: Leverage our unique operating advantages to extend our #1 leadership position and capture new growth. This strategy, coupled with our P&L leverage and strong cash generation, drives a resilient long-term financial framework and capital allocation plan. We have proven our ability to generate strong cash flow through profitability and working capital efficiency, including $9.9 billion of cash flow from operations over the last 12 months.  And at our Analyst Meeting last month, we committed to increasing capital returns to our shareholders. Expect us to continue to invest in innovation, be disciplined in how we manage the business and focus on what we can control, delivering for our customers and our shareholders. We are excited about the future and confident in our ability to create meaningful long-term value for all of our key stakeholders.  Now I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, Yvonne. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask 1 question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Let's go to the first question. 
Operator: We will take our first question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. 
Amit Daryanani : I guess maybe to go to the AI server demand discussion, Jeff, that you had. I think you essentially said your orders doubled. So does that imply something north of $4 billion right now? And then how do you think that manifests itself into revenues into fiscal '25? And maybe you can touch about how broad this customer base is becoming versus perhaps a hyperscaler, that would be really helpful. 
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let me pull that apart on it. So I mentioned our demand nearly doubled quarter-over-quarter. And what was, I thought, very interesting about that is every part of the AI-optimized portfolio grew quarter-over-quarter, and we saw significant growth for enterprise customers. So I think that's important to note is we saw the entire portfolio grow. We saw the number of customers grow, and we saw the number of enterprise customers grow quarter-over-quarter.  When I think about the $2 billion that you mentioned, that was a backlog comment that we made in August. And what we talked in August was a $2 billion of backlog. And that included, up until that point in time, the August 1st month of the quarter because that was a real-time update of our backlog $2 billion.  We shipped over $0.5 billion of AI-optimized servers during the quarter. So when we think about demand nearly doubling, and I mentioned backlog doubled, we like you to part with $1.6 billion of AI-optimized servers backlog at the fiscal exit of Q3.  Equally important, we saw the pipeline in the quarter triple. I'll say that again, the pipeline for AI-optimized servers tripled quarter-over-quarter during Q3. Lead times remain 39 weeks, demand is ahead of supply. We continue to work to improve supply. And we're working now to convert that pipeline into real sales into orders, so we can continue to ship and benefit from this exciting time.  As far as next year, Yvonne, I'm sure will talk about this in greater detail, but we're still in the planning process. We think it's a tailwind. We talked about it at each of our last financial engagement. It's a large market opportunity, 18% CAGR over the next 4 years, growing to $120-ish billion. There's nothing that suggests that's not the case. And it's not coming at the cost of our traditional servers. 
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, Jeff. Next question? 
Operator: We will take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan : I appreciate the early look into fiscal '25, given some of the puts and takes that you called out, both on revenues and margins, just wondering when you say it's going to be higher than your long-term range. Is the comment pertinent to overall Dell Tech? Or is it also a comment that we can attribute both to CSG and ISG? Frankly, we're coming off cyclical bottoms in so many of your businesses, it feels as though you should be able to materially outgrow. So any kind of maybe characterization of that would be helpful. And also on the cost side, Yvonne, I think you noted pricing disciplined cost controls, but also some headwinds. So just thinking through that, would you say that there is also upside from a margin perspective or EPS growth rate perspective? 
Yvonne McGill : Thanks, Wamsi. I'd tell you, we're certainly at the early stages of the planning process. We usually wrap that process in the January time frame. But I recognize everyone's interested in next year. So I wanted to give you a little bit more context there.  And we expect to return to growth, as I mentioned on the call, already above our long-term financial framework. And so we're seeing an inflection point in traditional servers in addition to those AI-optimized momentum that we've been talking about. And we expect servers and networking holistically to be a bigger portion of our ISG mix in the next year.  If I move to PCs, our growth expectations will be dependent on the timing of the PC refresh cycle. We are also expecting a decline and mentioned it for Q4 also in VMware reseller revenue with no impact to profitability. We're expecting a more competitive environment overall. We started to see that in the third quarter. So we'll expect that to continue, especially in the PC market into the next year.  Other things to consider, input costs are expected to be inflationary next year, led by NAND and DRAM. And of course, as we always do, we'll continue to be mindful of our cost structure. But regardless of in the environment that we're operating in, right, we will continue to execute our proven operational model. You can continue to count on us to be financially disciplined, all while driving growth, profitability and cash flow. We're really optimistic about FY '25, and really excited about returning to growth. And look forward to giving you all even more context and update in our Q4 earnings call in February. 
Rob Williams: Thanks for the question, Wamsi. Next question, operator? 
Operator: We will take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. 
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Your tone on the call around the demand environment sounds very, very different than it was 90 days ago, where you talked about growth accelerating and a rebound in spending better than you had thought. And it sounds like the complete opposite this quarter. You were wildly above normal seasonality in Q2. You were below normal seasonality in Q3, and you're guiding below normal seasonality again for Q4. Did you just misgauge demand in Q2? Like was there a pull in from Q3 to Q2? And you just misgauged the characterization of demand 90 days ago? Or like what really happened and changed?  And if I could, I just want to clarify the AI situation. So it would be helpful if you could just give an update right now in your backlog relative to 90 days ago, which was $2 billion. And if I think about what you're seeing in terms of the pipeline, it sounds very credible that backlog could be like $5 billion exiting this year. If it's a 9-month lead time, shouldn't we expect like $5 billion to $7 billion in AI server delivery? And if you're saying servers are -- demand is improving for traditional servers, why shouldn't we expect a gargantuan number for servers next year? 
Jeff Clarke: Well, Toni, that's a few questions. Let me work my way through those. So what happened? You recall in Q2, we talked about the improved demand in June and July for PCs. And that certainly helped us close the quarter, and we benefited from that. And when we were together in August, we had seen that continue in August. In fact, through the month of August, the first month of the quarter, our PC business is up year-over-year.  And then things changed. The business started to slow. It slowed in September, it slowed more in October. We saw more cautiousness from our customers. We saw them being more selective, particularly large commercial customers, enterprise customers and particularly in North America. We saw the public sector slowdown, while at the same time, we actually saw stabilization in SP. But the big change was the number of large deals slowed over the course of the quarter as our customers again became more cautious and selective.  And as the market slowed, which you've probably seen in some of the output numbers from the OEMs, we saw increased pricing pressure. So the pricing pressure changed in PCs from August to October. Those large deals became more competitive. I think you also saw inventory that was shipped in the June and July period. Now it was caught up, and you saw promotional pricing throughout the quarter. And it was more aggressive as we exited the quarter and we ended the quarter. So that did change the PCs.  We did not see or call the slowdown in our guidance. The guidance that Yvonne and I gave a quarter ago was what we saw through August, and we were optimistic that we were seeing a recovery. It's clearly pushed, things have slowed.  While at the same time, we now have 2 consecutive quarters of quarter-over-quarter growth of our traditional or data center servers, and we have the tailwind of AI continuing to grow. As I mentioned earlier, the pipeline of AI tripled in the quarter. Demand doubled -- nearly doubled quarter-over-quarter. So those are the tailwinds of the change that we see in the business.  The biggest change was PC because storage performed as expected. Backlog, the number I'm going to give you is the Q3 exit backlog was $1.6 billion. Orders nearly doubled, pipeline tripled. Our job is to convert debt. We're working with our field, our customers to convert debt pipeline that grew significantly. The interest in our AI products continues to be strong. On-premise deployment at AI interest continues to be strong. The fact that we now have been working with Meta and Llama 2, bringing that on-prem, Hugging Face in an open source environment to bring those models and tools on-prem, I think continue to reiterate AI is going to follow the data. The data is on-prem, and we believe the pipeline and opportunity continues to build for us. 
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks for the answer there, and thanks for the question, Toni. I'd like to think that our tone would be transparent and honest, and that's what I hope you hear from us is that we call it like we see it, and we give you the best view that we can give you at that point in time. So appreciate the question, Toni. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. 
Erik Woodring : Awesome. Jeff, I just want to kind of dig into some of your comments about spending on AI, optimized infrastructure and the impact that might have on traditional hardware spending. Because obviously, there's a lot of money, as you're very clearly showing us, being thrown at AI-related infrastructure. So can you just maybe give us a bit more detail on what gives you confidence that this spending won't cannibalize traditional either general compute spend or overall hardware spending as we look out over the next 12-plus months? What are the signposts that you're looking at that gives you that confidence? 
Jeff Clarke: Of course, Erik. Let me try. So we believe what we've seen for 2 consecutive quarters in our traditional server business is growth that's grown sequentially from 1 to 2, now 2 to 3. What we saw for the first time this year was the pipeline actually grow in-quarter for traditional servers. That's a very encouraging sign.  We saw the adoption of our brand-new 16G server double quarter-over-quarter. We saw the activity with our sales force and our accounts increased. We saw the opportunities in large deals increased towards the end of the quarter. Our conversion improved over the course of the quarter. And I think those signals tell us that this 8-quarter digestion of what was built or bought, I should say, through the course of COVID has now worked its way through the system that data centers need be updated, upgraded additional capacity. Those workloads continue -- need to be said, more data is being created.  While at the same time, there's a whole new category of computing, accelerated computing, AI-optimized computing fed by all of the market momentum around generative AI that says that there's a big opportunity in both that we think early signs -- I'm not going to -- I won't use that word that you probably want me to use this recovery, but we have early positive signs that there's a changing in the demand profile of traditional servers. And we're seeing a lot of excitement across our broad portfolio of AI-optimized servers that have us feeling pretty good as Yvonne just mentioned about next year. 
Rob Williams: Does that get out of your question, Erik? I just want to make sure that's... 
Erik Woodring : Yes, absolutely. Very clear. 
Rob Williams: Thanks. Appreciate it, Erik. Next question. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Reitzes with Melius Research. 
Ben Reitzes : I appreciate it. I wanted to ask about PCs with regard to your comments around 2025. What is -- are you expecting that growth to be above model? And what do you think the impact will be of the Windows 10 expiration and some of the new chips coming out that harness AI? If you don't mind touching on that, that would be great. 
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let me take a run at it, Ben. It probably is important to set context as we're heading into calendar '24, our fiscal '25 in PCs. We expect the market to close in Q4 being down. It will be 8 quarters of negative growth in the PC industry, the longest I can recollect.  And it's ripe for a refresh. Another data point for you to think about. There'll be 300 million PCs turning 4 years old next year. That's typically a tipping point for upgrading in commercial. And most of those are notebooks. As everybody was working remote, the notebook mix went up, 300 million PCs that year, they're aging in time to refresh.  And we have the opportunity with new architectures from Intel, AMD and Windows on Arm to really begin to see AI make its way out to the edge to the PC. And it's a pretty exciting time. I've used the moniker, the notion of this is the next great application, the next great use case of the greatest productivity device on the planet, and it's coming real next year.  So I think 8 quarters of decline, an aging installed base and installed base of greater than 1.5 billion units, 750 million of them over 4 years, all 300 million more coming next year. That will age to become 4 years old, the time to upgrade. None of those are capable of running the new AI workloads coming out to the edge and the PC, new architectures coming that are exciting and interesting. And we have what you said around Windows. There's another forcing function of an upgrade.  So historically, when a new version of Windows is available or 1 is retired, that drives a replacement cycle, and that's an opportunity for us. So we're excited about that, particularly given our bias towards commercial. 80% of our revenue comes from the commercial PCs. I think the opportunity is good for us. And then the other question was around the silicon alternatives. Is that it, if I remember correctly? 
Ben Reitzes : I think you hit on everything. I just -- the clarification is just PC is above -- or PC is also above model, as well as server and ISG. That's probably the final... 
Jeff Clarke: Specifically, our internal model would have the PC market growing somewhere in the low single digits, think 3% to 4%, you would expect us to grow to take share. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, Ben. Next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Asiya Merchant with Citi. 
Asiya Merchant : A couple of questions on my end. Just on the AI opportunity that you talked about in the enterprise, maybe if you could share with us the workloads and the use cases that you're now seeing, is this gone beyond the cloud service providers that you talked about that you're interacting with? I think you mentioned CoreWeave and Imbue on the call. But if I recall, there was some commentary as well on enterprises. So are you seeing an opportunity for your AI pipeline growing with the enterprise use cases? If you can share any anecdotes on that?  And then on share buybacks, obviously, you kicked that up this quarter? Should we expect this level of share buybacks to continue into fiscal '25? Or given improving cash conversion cycles, improving top line, we should see a further step-up in that run rate? 
Jeff Clarke: Sure. I'll lead with the AI question. A couple of maybe specific data points to help understand and characterize what we're seeing. Number of buyers up, number of enterprise buyers up significantly. All of the portfolio saw quarter-over-quarter growth. And the reason that's important because not everybody needs a 9680. Smaller models, smaller data sets, perfect setup for our other products, which line itself up with where we're seeing the opportunities in enterprise.  So institutions of higher education, financial services, health care and life services and manufacturing is where we're seeing pull for our products. That's data on-prem, that's models, that's doing AI and ML work across the board. That's what we're seeing, and we're pretty excited about that. And the tripling of the pipeline included enterprise customers in enterprise demand. 
Tyler Johnson : And I'll take the share buyback. Look, I think, as you mentioned, look, we tripled share repurchase this quarter versus last quarter. As a reminder, last year, cash was really kind of running more on the weaker side, and we had pulled back and focused more on dilution management. And then as we've seen cash accelerate this year, it's put us in a good position so that we could be a little bit more opportunistic. We don't typically guide around share repurchase. But I guess the way I would frame it is we're obviously very focused on the 80% plus capital return. If you go back to when we first started our dividend, which would have been FY '23, the beginning of FY '23, we're running at 96% return of capital. So I feel really good about that. And I do think recognizing we don't guide, I think it's fair to say, as we look forward, we'll definitely be repurchasing more than just dilution management. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, Asiya, appreciate it. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng : Just have 2 quick ones on AI. First, on the AI margin profile, you obviously had very strong ISG margins in the quarter despite rising contributions from AI server mix. So could you just talk a little bit about how much of a headwind to that ISG margin rate came from the rising mix of AI servers, if that's the right way to think about it?  And then second, I was just wondering if you could talk about the relationship between AI servers and networking and storage for you guys. Should we expect some of that AI sales pipeline that you talked about to eventually include selling Ethernet for AI or Infiniband or more storage in the near term? 
Yvonne McGill : So let me start with the impact of margin rates. We did see a little bit of dilution, if you will, from the impact of the shipment, as we called out, but really not a material impact right now. We saw nice performance really across the server -- holistic server portfolio. And so that increase that Jeff already talked about in the traditional servers was helpful in that mix. So it does have an impact, but we've talked about it being margin dollar accretive, but margin rate dilutive. And so we saw a little bit of that, but not to a significant extent in our third quarter. But expect as that grows, we will see more of an impact. Again, margin dollar accretive. And so -- and as we have more services attached, as we expand that into the enterprise space, we'll see more and more margin accretion coming from those AI offerings. 
Jeff Clarke: No, I think that's a great point, Yvonne. The team did a great job improving margins of our AI-optimized servers quarter-over-quarter, selling the value, the design, the performance attributes, it's thermal attributes, its connectivity attributes and then attaching storage and services around it allowed us to see improved margins quarter-over-quarter.  And Mike, to your question, is there a relationship between storage and networking with AI? Absolutely. These are typically cluster -- small clusters, large clusters, high bandwidth needed. We see it ultimately deployed out where the data is being created, much of the data that will be created in the future is outside of the data center. Much of that data is unstructured. Much of that opportunity is really a nice -- a really nice tie to what we do with our own structured and object assets. And then networking is the high-speed interconnect fabric. They matter, they matter more, whether it's Infiniband or Ultra Ethernet, those are all exciting new technologies for us. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. 
Simon Leopold : Great. I wanted to see if you could unpack what you see going on trend-wise in storage, particularly given that -- I know you said it came in as expected, but the revenue was a bit light versus Street expectations and it looks like it's still down year-over-year in the next quarter. And where my question is going is to think about the longer-term trend, because I'm wondering, is AI pulling money away from storage? And do you see essentially margins trending better or worse given shifts in input costs and the better margins that some of your peers have called out recently? Just wondering how you're seeing that trend as well. 
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Maybe a couple of data points, and Yvonne can chime in as well. From us, when you think about margins, since that was the last comment, we saw our storage margins improve quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. That's exciting. We continue to sell the value of our products and the broad portfolio we have.  We do see customers cautious. A large concentration of the storage businesses in very large customers, and they're absolutely being cautious and selective. And that clearly impacts our high-end product portfolio. But what was exciting during the quarter is we saw our data protection and our unstructured categories actually growing on orders basis year-over-year.  So when I think about the opportunities around protecting valuable data, when I think about the opportunities of what data is going to be created, again, unstructured largely outside of the data center at the edge, I think it's a great opportunity for us to continue to protect these valuable workloads and the opportunity for us to be where the data is created out at the edge with our vast array of unstructured assets. So I don't think AI pulls away storage dollars. I think what we see is the effect of 8 quarters of server decline has impacted storage. Customers are cautious historically as the server business rebounds and recovers, we think our experience tells us that storage lags it by about a couple of quarters. That's what we're expecting. We see nothing that suggests that's different. And in the meantime, the opportunity around unstructured is immense, and we'll continue to focus on that. 
Yvonne McGill : And I'd add, Jeff, on that, the margin accretion that you referred to on storage is real, and it's great because it's going to be recognized over time in the P&L, right, with the high services and software attached. So we don't see all that benefit today, but we'll see it going forward. 
Rob Williams: Next question. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. 
Sidney Ho : Great. I have a question on AI as well. It's great to see very good momentum in that business. Are there any concerns that some of these orders could be like just double booking, just because supply is tight everywhere that could ease over the course of next year? I assume you have great visibility into the backlog, the $1.6 billion you talk about in terms of timing. But how about the multibillion dollar pipeline? How comfortable are you with that? And also, what I would ask about is that can you clarify what products and maybe services are included in that order number? Is that just AI-optimized service like the XE9680? Or do you include like CTU only service in there? Any professional services or even APEX as a service in there? 
Jeff Clarke: The last one first. When we talk about our AI backlog and demand, it's not high-performance computing. It's not CPU-based. It's simply the portfolio that is optimized for artificial intelligence to 9680, the 9640, the 8640, the 760 and the 750. That's it. So it's clear it is that portfolio that we built to be optimized for AI.  The double booking. It's a very unusual way that the marketplace is working with the role that NVIDIA plays and helping the -- obviously, the supplier or the car they're out helping generate demand. I think there's reasonable fidelity in the demand signal that we see today. Is it possible there's double booking? I can't sit here and tell you that there's not. I don't -- from my seat, I don't see it.  When we see the opportunity of -- we are competing with others for the same opportunity, the opportunity is qualified. It's got to be qualified for NVIDIA to give the supply or to suggest the supply will be available. So I think there's a lot of control points in place that suggests there's great fidelity in the demand signal that we're seeing. But I can't sit here and tell you with that 100% certainty that there isn't 1 or 2, but I think it's a really good demand signal. And given where our team is and what we see across the globe in enterprise with CSPs, we know where the opportunities are. I hope that helps, Sidney. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, Sidney. Next question. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. 
Krish Sankar : Just had 1 for you. I'm kind of curious, you spoke about AI PC. What is your definition of an AI PC? And also, how much do you expect the ASP uplift to be for an AI PC? And how much incremental growth could it drive from the current $250 million unit run that you're going through? 
Jeff Clarke: Our definition of an AI PC is going to be a PC that has the performance capability to run the workload on the PC. Not a cloud service, the capability of running an AI workload in an app that has been AI-optimized and to be able to run it locally.  The architectures that are coming all meet that criteria. There's variations in performance, but they're all meeting the threshold that we believe is required to call them PCs that they'll be AI-enabled and AI PCs, if that's a name. And I think we're quite comfortable with that definition.  Whether it drives tremendous growth to the TAM is to be seen. What I believe at is -- you don't want to be a PC user that doesn't have an AI-enabled chip in it. You're going to be next to people that have 1, and yours doesn't, and it will perform differently. It won't be able to take advantage of some of the new exciting workloads, whether that's new forms of search, new forms of security, new forms of interacting with your PC itself. The ability to put some form of assistant around you.  Those are going to be huge productivity uplift, and I think it's going to drive a refresh cycle. And again, the scale of this business is so large with 1.5 billion-plus units in the installed base, 950 million units sold over the last 3 years. This is a catalyst to increase the -- or reduce the refresh cycle or increase the refresh rate, whatever you prefer. And I think that's an exciting time, but I can't call what that number is. Our estimate for the marketplace is low single-digit growth. I think I mentioned 3% to 4%. That would take the market from roughly [250] to [260] next year. Let's get there. Let's get it growing again after 8 quarters of decline. 
Rob Williams: Well, said. Next question. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. 
Aaron Rakers : There's been a lot of questions already answered. But Jeff, I just want to ask you simplistically on the AI narrative. You mentioned 39 weeks of delivery time or lead times. Are you at all surprised that that's not starting to change? Have you seen any indications that lead times have pulled back with some of the China restrictions put in place? And I guess that with that context also, would you expect diversity, i.e., another large GPU supplier to be a factor in unlocking and converting some of that pipeline as we move into next year? 
Jeff Clarke: A couple of things. The pipeline is NVIDIA pipeline today. It's not an alternative pipeline, it's NVIDIA pipeline. And I wish I could tell you Aaron, that the backlog was less than -- or excuse me, the lead time was less than 39 weeks. I can't today. We are on the phone, working every available channel opportunity, as you might imagine, with our supply chain capabilities, to improve supply, to improve supply availability. We've offered our services. We'll help where we can. I'm hopeful for the day to tell you that supply has improved greatly. Lead times have reduced, and we can work the backlog down faster. That's our job. I don't have those answers today. It's 39 weeks. We're trying to continue to get more supply. That's where we are.  As we look forward into calendar year '24, there's clearly alternatives coming. There's work to be done in those alternatives, software stacks have to be taken care of, resolve the opportunities around them. But there's more options coming. Their adoption rate, we'll see. But right now, that multibillion-dollar pipeline that I referenced, the backlog that we've talked about is NVIDIA-based 39-week lead time, we're working our behinds off every day to get more supply. 
Rob Williams: Next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. 
Samik Chatterjee : I guess sticking on the AI subject, you shipped over $0.5 billion of AI-optimized servers in the quarter. Just curious, with lead times holding where they are, how should we think about the trajectory of sort of what we expect for shipments in the coming quarters? Is it fairly stable in that sort of $0.5 billion range? Or should we expect some level of sort of ramp up if it's supply easing?  And then just a quick clarification, Jeff. You've mentioned a few times now, the improvement you're seeing in traditional servers, even as you sort of called out that customers are pulling back spending in most recent months, you've seen some signs of that. Just curious, what's the driver there? Like why what's your insight in terms of gas customers are pulling back? Why is that sort of this green shoot and traditional servers that runs a bit counter to that overall theme? 
Jeff Clarke: Well, we don't forecast shipments in terms of specific dollars by product line for the next quarter. Our shipments are -- for AI are implied in the guidance that Yvonne gave. I really don't want to break it down into a specific of how many that will ship of AI service. But 39-week lead time, 9 months. Can kind of look at the math and go, maybe that's probably the right sort of ZIP code to be in, but -- we're hand-in-mouth for parts.  Traditional servers and why we think there's a green shoot. I think it's -- the comments around -- it's been an 8-quarter digestion period, the longest that I can recollect in the server business. Data centers have aged product in. They worked through what they have bought in the early -- the first half of the COVID era. They now need to add capacity, and we're seeing that in different areas. And to the point now, again, to be slightly repetitive, 2 quarters in a row of sequential growth, a building pipeline, which hasn't happened this year. Improved -- increased activity -- improved conversion makes us still comfortable that something's changed. Again, I'm not using that word recovery, but something's changed. It's an inflection point that Yvonne mentioned earlier, and we're going to continue to obviously feed that inflection and continue to look at the opportunity. 
Rob Williams: All right. Let's see if we can get one last question in. 
Operator: We'll now take our final question from David Vogt with UBS. 
David Vogt : Can you -- Jeff, can you talk to sort of the thought process if AI lead times come in a little bit more next year? What that means for your networking fabric or equipment business? And then ultimately, the pull forward, maybe the pull-through of storage. I might have missed it earlier, but I just wanted to get a sense for how that would sort of impact the rest of the ISG business. And then just quickly on CSG. Can you kind of share with us your thoughts, maybe Yvonne on sort of the margin impact from higher component costs, whether it's DRAM, NAND or however you're thinking about it? 
Jeff Clarke: Well, clearly, as GPU supply improves, the fabric that is associated with those units will be shipped and aligned to that. So the ability for us in our networking business will benefit from an uplift or an increase in supply. And I think that's encouraging. And as I talked about, storage attach is important. We are certainly working with our sales teams, working with -- to find the opportunities as this data is being created in increasingly greater rates outside of the data center to make sure that we're there. And it's landing on Dell storage. And as it lands on Dell storage, making sure that as AI follows the data, that our AI-optimized portfolio is next to it.  I mean, that's the sales motion. A set of professional services around that, a set of services that attach around that. So think of every opportunity of a model training, fine-tuning ultimately, as we get to inference is an opportunity for compute assets, which drags a set of storage assets around that, and it's got to be connected. We kind of look at that as the AI estate, if you will, and that's the opportunity. It's real, and our teams are focused on it. 
Yvonne McGill : And then on your question around component costs and the potential pressure we put on margin rates, we do run a low inventory model. And so when we have component cost increases, we try to recover them as quickly as we can by raising prices and passing those through into the market. So you'll see us continue with that. It's certainly not the first time that we've had this happen. And so it's an engine that's well tuned within Dell. But we'll have to navigate through that with the competitive environment, and we will. But it usually takes a period of time to recapture that impact of the question. 
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Yes. Thanks, David. We'll see many of you next week at Raymond James and Barclays and also the first week in January at the Consumer Electronics Show. Thank you. Have a good evening. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-08-31 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2024 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is a copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin. 
Robert Williams: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review our materials and presentation, which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call.  During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin operating expenses, operating income, net income and diluted earnings per share. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Given where we are in the macro cycle, we will be referencing sequential growth more frequently this quarter. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements.  Now I'll turn it over to Jeff. 
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob. Coming into the quarter, we were cautious given our Q1 results, but the demand environment improved at a faster rate than we anticipated, particularly as we moved into June and July. Operationally, we executed well with expense controls, pricing discipline and lower input costs. We sharpened our focus on pricing this quarter, and we were selective on deals, particularly where share benefits would have been temporary. While revenue was down year-over-year, a better demand environment and strong execution enabled extraordinary Q2 results. Revenue was $22.9 billion, with operating income of $2 billion and diluted EPS of $1.74, well ahead of our initial expectations.  We are encouraged with some of the signs we are seeing in the macro environment as we move into the second half. We saw better underlying demand in the U.S. market and EMEA was better than anticipated. We also saw demand growth in government and SMB and our transactional demand improved through the quarter. However, most of our largest global customers remain careful with their spending levels. From a solutions perspective, we saw significant strength in AI-enabled servers. PowerFlex and PowerStore demand grew within our storage portfolio. PowerFlex, our proprietary software-defined storage solution has now grown 8 consecutive quarters with demand in Q2 more than doubling year-over-year. Workstation demand grew and was another bright spot that will continue to benefit from the rise of AI developers and data scientists can now fine-tune Gen AI models locally before deploying them at scale. Commercial PC demand improved sequentially and as we move through the quarter. And S&P attach rates were strong, particularly in software. Our ASPs continue to expand across AI servers, traditional servers and commercial PCs.  Overall, we were pleased with the quarter given strong sequential growth of 10% and growing interest in orders in AI solutions. Artificial intelligence is a strong tailwind for all things data and compute as well as CSG when you think about the potential for workstations and eventually all PCs. AI is expanding the TAM for total technology spending and is projected to grow at a 19% CAGR for the next couple of years to approximately $90 billion, including hardware and services. In Q2 alone, we saw unprecedented strength from our PowerEdge XE9680. It's the fastest ramping new solution in Dell history and builds on the success of other GPU-enabled servers we've been selling for years. The 9680 is a key element to our Dell Generative AI Solutions engineered to speed the deployment of a modular, secure and scalable platform for generative AI in the enterprise.  AI service increased to 20% of our servers order revenue in the first half of the year and the 9680 was a big factor. Currently, we have approximately $2 billion of XE9680 orders in backlog and our sales pipeline is substantially higher. Gen AI represents an inflection point driving fundamental change in the pace of innovation while improving the customer expectation and enabling significant productivity gains and new ways to work. As the #1 infrastructure provider, we are clearly positioned to serve the market in a unique and differentiated way. And we have the world's broadest Gen AI infrastructure portfolio that spans from the cloud to the client. Customers big and small are using their own data and business context to train, fine-tune inference on Dell Infrastructure Solutions to incorporate advanced AI into their core business processes effectively and efficiently. We can help customers size, characterize and build the Gen AI solutions that meet their performance, cost and security requirements. Many of these new workloads will be on-prem or at the edge given the importance of latency, data security and cost.  In the near term, we are seeing organizations concentrate on 4 Gen AI use cases, customer operations, content creation and management, software development and sales. And internally, we are doing the same to enhance how we build products, service our customers and improve productivity and efficiency. As we think about the back half of the year, we are coming off a Q2 where we grew above normal seasonality and demonstrated the power of our model to generate cash in a sequential growth environment. You should expect us to focus on growing and extending our core business in the areas with the most attractive profit pools. Deliver innovation for our customers, remain disciplined on our pricing and focus on costs with multi-cloud edge and Gen AI as tailwinds. I like our hand and I look forward to talking more about our views on technology trends, strategy and innovation at our Securities Analyst Meeting in October.  Now over to Yvonne for a detailed Q2 financials. 
Yvonne McGill : Thanks, Jeff. We're pleased with our Q2 execution and an improving demand environment. We delivered revenue of $22.9 billion, down 13% and up 10% on a sequential basis with strong gross margins and strong operating expense and net working capital management. Currency remained a headwind and impacted revenue growth by approximately 130 basis points. Gross margin was $5.5 billion and 24.1% of revenue. Our gross margin rate was up 270 basis points, driven by lower input costs and pricing discipline. We did see increased pricing pressure in Q2, but we're selective on deals depending on the customer and opportunity. As Jeff mentioned, we are focused on profitable opportunities rather than temporary share gains. And you can expect us to continue to focus on the more profitable segments of the market and maintain pricing discipline.  Operating expense was $3.6 billion, down 4% driven by lower discretionary spend in SG&A and was flat sequentially. Operating expense was 15.5% of revenue and we will continue to actively manage our spend as we move through the second half. Operating income was $2 billion, up 1% and 8.6% of revenue, with the impact of the decline in revenue offset by an increase in gross margin rate and lower operating expense. Our quarterly tax rate was 20.4%. Net income was $1.3 billion, up 1%, primarily driven by higher operating income and diluted EPS was $1.74, up 4% due to lower share count and higher net income. Our recurring revenue in the quarter was $5.6 billion, up 8%, and our remaining performance obligations, or RPO, was $39 billion, up 1% sequentially driven by deferred revenue. Deferred revenue was up primarily due to increases in software and hardware maintenance agreements. ISG revenue was $8.5 billion, down 11% and but up 11% sequentially on the back of improving server and storage demand. We delivered storage revenue of $4.2 billion with demand growth in PowerStore and PowerFlex.  Service and networking revenue was $4.3 billion. We saw server ASPs continue to expand and our AI server mix of server revenue demand continued to increase given the recent rise in customer interest in Generative AI Solutions. Both storage and service and networking revenue were up 11% sequentially. ISG operating income was $1 billion or 12.4% of revenue, up 140 basis points, driven by an increase and gross margin rate, offset by a decline in revenue.  Turning to CSG. The calendar Q2 PC market was down 14% in units but is now showing signs of improvement, up 7% sequentially. Our fiscal Q2 CSG revenue was $12.9 billion, down 16%, primarily driven by a decline in units, partially offset by higher average selling prices. Revenue grew 8% sequentially and commercial continues to fare better than consumer with commercial revenue growing sequentially to $10.2 billion. Consumer revenue was $2.4 billion. CSG profitability remained strong in Q2, with operating income of $1 billion or 7.5% of revenue, up 120 basis points, driven by an increase in gross margin rate and lower operating expense as we maintain pricing discipline and benefited from lower input costs.  We remain focused on commercial and the high end of consumer, profitable relative performance and executing our direct attach motion for services, software, peripherals and financing. Customer interest remains high in financing and consumption models that provide both payment flexibility and predictability. Our Q2 Dell Financial Services originations were $2.3 billion, up 1%. DFS ending managed assets reached $14.7 billion, up 9%, while the overall DFS portfolio quality remains strong and credit losses near historically low levels. During the quarter, we continued to see APEX momentum, including a strong double-digit percentage increase in a number of new APEX customers that have subscribed to our as-a-service solutions with strength in our Data Center Utility and Flex On Demand offerings.  Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was $3.2 billion, primarily driven by working capital improvement, sequential growth and profitability. Within working capital, we reduced inventory $0.4 billion sequentially and continued strong collections performance with past due now at record low levels. With the work we've done on net working capital post pandemic, our cash conversion cycle has now improved to negative 50 days in Q2, in line with pre-COVID levels. Cash and investments was up $0.7 billion sequentially driven by free cash flow generation offset by $1.1 billion of debt paydown and $0.5 billion in capital returns. In Q2, we repurchased 5.2 million shares of stock at an average price of $49.53 and paid a $0.37 per share dividend. Our core leverage improved to 1.6x exiting the quarter, and we ended Q2 with $9.9 billion in cash and investments. which gives us flexibility to increase our return of capital going forward.  Since we implemented our current capital allocation framework six quarters ago, we have returned over 90% of our adjusted free cash flow in the form of share repurchase and dividends, and we continue to evaluate enhancements to our framework based on investor feedback.  Turning to guidance. We're seeing signs of stability across a number of areas within our business, including small and medium business and government. But our largest corporate and global enterprise customers are still measured in their IT project investments and spending plans. Against that backdrop, we expect Q3 revenue to be in the range of $22.5 million and $23.5 billion with a midpoint of $23 billion, flat sequentially. Currency continues to be a headwind, and we are expecting a roughly 40 basis point impact to Q3 revenue. We expect both CSG and ISG revenue to be roughly flat sequentially. Although we remain disciplined and focused on profitable share, we expect a more competitive pricing environment. Combined with more muted component cost deflation, we expect gross margin rate will be down 150 basis points sequentially. Our continued focus on cost controls will drive lower sequential operating expense that partially offset expected gross margin dilution. We expect our Q3 diluted share count to be between $733 million and 737 million shares and our diluted EPS to be $1.45 plus or minus $0.10.  For the full year, we're raising our FY '24 revenue expectations to be in the range of $89.5 billion and $91.5 million, down 12% at the midpoint. Given Q3 guidance, this implies sequential growth in Q4. We expect interest and other to be roughly flat year-over-year. For our tax rate, you should assume 22.5%, plus or minus 100 basis points. We are increasing our expectations for diluted earnings per share to $6.30, plus or minus $0.20.  In closing, we have strong conviction in the growth of our TAM over the long term with AI, multi-cloud and edge as tailwinds. We have generated $8.1 billion of cash flow from operations over the last 12 months, demonstrating our ability to drive efficiency in working capital during a more challenging demand environment, and our Q2 performance underscores the power of our model to generate cash when we return to sequential growth. We remain focused on executing our strategy, investing in innovation to expand our TAM and winning the consolidation of our core markets, including multi-cloud edge, telco and AI.  Expect us to continue to be disciplined in how we manage the business, focusing on what we can control and delivering to our customers and our shareholders. And we look forward to seeing you all at our Securities Analyst Meeting in October, where we'll provide updates on our strategy, long-term value creation framework and capital allocation policy.  Now I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A. 
Robert Williams : Thanks, Yvonne. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Let's go to the first question. 
Operator: We will take our first question from Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse. 
Shannon Cross : Jeff, can you talk a bit more about -- you've talked a lot about it, but can you talk a bit more about the AI opportunity, discuss 4 core use cases, but can you talk on a segment and a geographic basis? And how should we think about ASP potential for both servers and storage with AI-oriented solutions. I'm just wondering, is AI going to drive sort of a change in hardware spend that you think is more of a secular positive versus maybe temporary in nature? 
Jeff Clarke: Shannon, let me take a stab at that. First of all, we think AI -- and I think I've said this on our last asked the experts call, but I think it's worth reinforcing is, it's just a new series of workloads and new incremental capability that goes across the PC to the data center to the cloud. And we think it is absolutely because of the uniqueness of the workload, a growth opportunity in all 3 of those areas. Distinct and how it's built out, distinctive how it's going to be used on the PC, opening a whole new opportunity to drive productivity and a great productivity device as is, being able to use these big foundational models at cloud scale. And then what we think really happens on the enterprise level and in business is sort of the notion of domain-specific process-specific or field of study type of AI, where we actually use customers' data business will use their data they will tune the model and then run inference at site on edge, whether that be in a smart factory, smart hospital in a transportation network. So when you think about the vertical nature of this and how it will actually work in the real world, we think that technology makes its way all the way out to the edge, AI follows where the data is going to be created, where the sensors are collecting the information and that allows us to put those compute resources for the data is actually being again, created. That is not specific to geography. It's not specific to size of business that's going to be really driven by the type of application and the usage environment. And I think that is what's really exciting about this.  We think it's one size does not fit all. We think there's a whole slew of our AI solutions, again, from the PC to workstations to what happens in the data center and the data center could be a single server running inference at the edge. It could be defined as a small cluster doing a small micro or fine level tuning all the way into these big foundational models will renew cloud scale training. So in a nutshell, I guess that's as quickly as I could describe the opportunity. We believe it is incremental. Am I going to say it doesn't come at the expense of some data center servers? Of course, not. I don't think we know it's in the early innings. We do know the workloads are distinctly different. The architectures are distinctly different, and we will build different systems for AI and that massive, if you will, data processing that's done in parallel versus how we've historically built applications in the past for the data center. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Vogt with UBS. 
David Vogt : Can we just stick on AI for a second and maybe dig into how you're thinking about your allocation or your ability to allocate -- or get allocation to GPU capabilities, right? So obviously, it's a bit of a rush right now with some limited supply and some gating factors, and you talked about $2 billion of servers in your order book. Can you kind of just share with us sort of how you see yourself competitively sitting into that queue? And are you seeing any sort of challenges in getting ample supply to sort of meet that order book? And how should we expect that order book to sort of filter through revenue as supply becomes available? 
Jeff Clarke: Sure, David. Maybe the easiest measure to determine where we are with supply is demand is way ahead of supply. If you order a product today, it's a 39-week lead time, which would be delivered the last week of May of next year. So we are certainly asking for more parts working to get more parts. It's what we do. I'm not the allocator, I'm the allocatee. So we're advocating our position on our demand. Again, we are winning business signaled by the $2 billion in backlog today with a pipeline that's significantly bigger I was in the discussion yesterday with two different customers about AI, the day before about AI. It is constantly something that's coming into our business that we're fielding the opportunities. From different cloud providers to folks building AI as a service to enterprises now beginning to do proof of concept and trying to figure out how they do exactly what I just said earlier, use their data on-premise to actually drive AI to improve their business.  We'll continue to work and advocate for more supply, and then I'll also tell you, we're tracking at least 30 different accelerator chips that are in the pipeline in development that are coming. So there are many people that see the opportunity. Some of these new technologies are fairly exciting from neuromorphic type of processors to types of accelerators there's a series of new technologies and quite frankly, new algorithms that we think open up the marketplace and we'll obviously be watching that and driving that across our businesses and helping customers. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik your line is open. If you could please check your mute button? 
Samik Chatterjee: Sorry about that. Congrats on the results. Just trying to square the guidance for ISG to be flat when you talked about seeing order improvement? And maybe if you can talk about what are the -- sort of what did you see in terms of linearity of orders during the quarter, both in sort of servers and storage. I mean I understand large enterprises might be still measured, but you did mention there are sort of other segments of the market or verticals that are spending, and it does look like you're seeing more sort of macro green shoots of a macro improvement. So just trying to square like how much of that flat guidance sort of embeds pricing being the major driver of that sort of flattish guide versus demand? Just help me square that, please. 
Yvonne McGill : Let me go ahead and start on that, Samik. So as we're looking into the third quarter. And we're talking about the external environment. We have a lot of near-term dynamics that we're navigating through. We're confident about the go forward, but we're guiding to flat sequentially at $23 billion. We're expecting stability we've seen in the transactional business. So I talked about small business, medium business and government. But in the ISG space, which you're particularly asking about, we're expecting that to be overall flat sequentially with servers a bit better, really leaning in on the GPU mix, but not expecting that rate of decline to improve much on the rest of the server portfolio. And then from a storage perspective, we've got a seasonality, normally seasonally down in the third quarter. And so that storage, we're expecting a lower storage performance in that quarter. Now at CSG, we also have it flat. We have some mix dynamics in there with mixing more towards the holiday period. So we'll have that coming in. And we'll have that also with some TRU pressure that we're expecting from the external environment. 
Jeff Clarke: Yes. I might add as a complement, Yvonne just said on the ISG specifically storage. As you mentioned, it's seasonally down Q2 to Q3. And with the weakness in our enterprise customers, they happen to be the greatest concentration of the high-end or high-priced band storage arrays that we sell and that puts pressure on the P&L in Q3. 
Yvonne McGill : That's right. We haven't seen those larger corporate and global enterprise customers really come back into the spending zone yet. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. 
Toni Sacconaghi: I just have a quick clarification in the question. I think you said your server backlog in revenue terms was 20% GPU or accelerator based. I just wanted to confirm that. And as context, could you add what was the percentage of server revenues this quarter that was GPU-based and a year ago? And then my question is just on operating margins, you're kind of above your historical levels in PSG of 5% to 7% you're above ISG historically, maybe 11% to 12%. Is there anything structurally that's changing or was this kind of a unique quarter in terms of strong sequential growth in cost control and maybe even next quarter given the gross margin guidance, we should be back down to normal levels or is there something either about AI or about how you're picking where you want to participate, that the kinds of margins we saw this quarter in both businesses might be something we might continue to see. 
Jeff Clarke: I'll take the first half of the question, Tony. I believe my remarks were 20% of the first half orders in servers or AI-based servers, the XE family, et cetera. And if you were to compare it against a year ago since the XE family of products did not exist, and that's the vast majority of the backlog. It's a very large percentage on a year-over-year basis. I actually did calculate it, but it'd be a very big number, given most of the $2 billion backlog I noted is XE9680 base. 
Yvonne McGill : And then I'll jump in on the profitability question. I think what we saw or what we did see in Q1 and Q2 was really, I think, a great example of our differentiated model, right, with the ability to capture that deflationary environment and translate it through the P&L quite quickly. We saw component deflation that was better than anticipated and stable TRUs, and that let us really deliver that higher margin rate. In Q3, though, we're expecting a few things, right, a more competitive environment now that we're seeing inventory levels more normalized. And we think that we'll see more of our competitors have that broader access to lower component costs. And then I'd wrap on that with saying that we're expecting a deflationary environment to continue, but less so more muted in the third quarter than what we saw in Q2. So there -- we're very pleased with how we performed in the second quarter. And both CSG and ISG that are expecting that competitive pressure to -- and mix dynamics, especially in the third quarter coming through in ISG as we mix less towards storage seasonally, and we'll mix back into the storage element in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. 
Aaron Rakers : Yes. Thanks for the question and also some of the results. I'm going to shift away from the AI narrative and maybe talk a little bit about the balance sheet side of the equation for Dell. I think in your prepared comments, you highlighted that you've now got, I think it was close to $9.9 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And one of the things you also mentioned was improving flexibility or increased flexibility on capital return side. So I'm curious of how you're thinking about capital return relative to M&A? And any context of how much capacity or maybe put another way, how much operational cash do you necessarily need as we think about the excess cash that you're carrying on the balance sheet on top of the free cash flow generation for the company. 
Tyler Johnson: Yes, this is Tyler. Maybe I'll start and Avon might step in. But I think we've always talked about our minimum cash balances being somewhere around, call it, $4 billion to $5 billion. Now it doesn't necessarily mean I'm going to run at those levels. But clearly, we have excess cash. As you saw, it was a really strong cash quarter. And actually, if you look at the first half of the year at $5 billion of CFI, that's a record, right? So great job by the teams on working capital and something we've been extremely focused on. So it's great to see the progress that we made. So just like Yvonne mentioned during the opening remarks that does give us more flexibility. As I think about our capital return framework, nothing has changed there. So as we look at share repurchase, for example, we look at dilution first and then we think are opportunistic buys. And I think this just gives us more flexibility as we're working through that. We don't provide guidance on that, but obviously something that we're looking at. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. 
Erik Woodring : Jeff, I hope to maybe spend some time on storage in the quarter, revenue down just 3% year-over-year. I imagine that was better than expected. Can you maybe just walk us through what you're seeing in the storage market? Where do you think we are in the cycle? Maybe said differently, how much of the performance in 2Q was Dell specific versus the market? And if you could weave in if there is any storage pull-through from AI servers, that would be helpful as well? 
Jeff Clarke: Sure. If you -- I mean, our performance was primarily driven by our strength in HCI, most notably, our PowerFlex, which is our proprietary software-defined storage solution and its growth. We're seeing great momentum there. Its ability to independently scale compute and storage for high-performance applications. We're seeing that technology being embraced in the marketplace. And it clearly has grown. I think I made a remark that it's grown now I think it's 8 consecutive quarters, and it grew triple digits, more than doubled in the quarter. So that certainly was a highlight of the portfolio in storage. PowerStore, our mid-range offering now has grown 12 consecutive quarters in a row. It is the mainstay of our mid-range offer, so that continues to be a strength of the business, particularly given the largest multinational customers in the world are very guarded in their buying, being able to sell to large corporates, large midsized, medium-sized businesses, certainly is the home of where our midrange product is. I mentioned earlier in one of the questions that our high-end storage is going through that down cycle where we saw the mainframe refresh we saw a buildup through the COVID time or now in the digestion of that capacity that was brought online. That's the backdrop of our storage business. I'm very optimistic. We're working to get tighter correlation that the AI compute side should be driving the unstructured storage side and the object storage side, our ECS business.  When you think about the large amounts of data this is going through and I think we'll really see this as enterprises deploy AI more broadly that the unstructured data in its various forms all-in structured will be looking for highly scalable solutions, and we have the most highly scalable, high-performance unstructured systems in the market with our PowerScale and ECS object storage. So I'm optimistic I would tell you there's not a tight correlation to the moment. Most of it is compute with software-defined storage inside that compute. I hope that helped. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. 
Amit Daryanani : Congrats on a nice set of numbers here. maybe just go back to the AI server opportunity. I was hoping you folks could talk about who are the customers that are buying this from Dell? Are they traditional enterprises, are the hyperscale customers? And I guess Jeff, maybe just help us understand what is Dell's value proposition when it comes to GPU-enabled services? Because I think the concern might just be that what's the durability of these revenues, if they're coming from customers that are typically ODMs and are coming to you but they can't get GPU allocations. Can you maybe just talk about the value prop Dell is providing who the base is? And is this accretive or dilutive due then to your ISG margins? 
Jeff Clarke: Must be four or five questions in that question. So let me work my way through that. I mean, clearly, we believe today and my words, hopefully, at the opening resonated that this is a big incremental opportunity and that these new workloads demand a new type of architecture and new type of technology. We believe we've hit the sweet spot with that with our XE9680, for example. But there are three other AI servers in our portfolio as well.  If you think about the 9680, why is it an interesting product? I mean, clearly, we work closely with NVIDIA over three years tuning its performance. We believe it's the highest performance, most dense AI server you can buy today. You can give it as a 6U product. We think about it as power efficiency what we've been able to do around air cooling at ambient temperature of 35 degrees Celsius, what we've done with iDRAC, what we've done around the connectivity side with 10 PCI-E ports for it to work high-performance clusters. So we've built something purposely for AI.  If you think about the types of services that we announced at Dell Technologies World and subsequently, a broader range of services with Helix, the ability to help enterprises deploy this, help them understand where their data is, how to get their data prepared how to implement the infrastructure with ease and how to begin to train models, tune models and then ultimately be able to run inference at the edge or in their data center. That package of services and capabilities we're just in the beginning of the types of customers we're selling today, it's a wide range there is a density of that today with some of the new AI as a service companies. We're seeing enterprises, as I mentioned, early buy in small volumes so they can do proof of concept, so they can begin to understand, test do that sort of work. But if you look at the long-term attributes of this opportunity, we think it's AI in a lot of places at the edge at the data center, in the cloud. It's going to track the data.  In my mind and architecturally when we look at this in every way that we've looked at it, AI is going to follow the data. It's highly unlikely you're going to have a smart factory or a smart hospital or a set of robots that are going to continuously look to be trained or run inference a long way away. Latency will matter. We think security will matter. We think performance will matter, and we ultimately think cost will matter. And when you put that equation together, we think it's going to be a hybrid world. There will be some AI done in the cloud. We'll be done some AI do on-prem. We think it's going to be very, very heterogeneous in the way that this will be done with classic compute as well as accelerated compute. In a nutshell, that's what we think of the opportunity. I certainly could go into more detail, but I think I hit a series of questions, at least on the surface. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: Your primary USB-C competitor noted a lower PC TAM in 2023, also a backdrop of a more challenging component cost environment. I was wondering maybe, Jeff, you could talk about the trends in commercial and consumer through the rest of this year and set up into next year from a PC TAM perspective and also from a margin perspective? 
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Our view of the market hasn't materially changed from our last call. I hear -- maybe that's on our end, a scratch. I'll try to talk over that.  We see the market at roughly 250 million units, which would roughly have it down 15% over last year. Two consecutive years down, we see it slowing in the second half against easier compares. That's reflected in what Yvonne just gave us guidance for both Q3 and tied into the year. So we see PC rate of decline slowing and to the point where we head into next year, and we're optimistic that there is growth in the PC next year.  Low single digits. We can debate that number. If you told us, we'd give you, say, probably in the 3% to 4% range is what we think today the opportunity to grow next year. What's really interesting through this phase is the types of PCs we're selling tend to be at a higher ASP. If you look at our ASP against the balance of the industry, we're roughly 2x. Why is that? One, driven by commercial mix; two, the attach, the attach of our peripherals, our software and services. It generally drives a 2x ASP to the industry, also driven by the types of products we've built are focused to the profit pools that we build to commercial PCs, again, premium consumer and gaming. That recipe has served as well. That's not where all the units have been in the first half of the year. There have been a lot of units, which is why, quite frankly, we've struggled with a bit of share challenge this year as many of the units have been in emerging markets, have been in a low price band, consumer, chrome, which were not particularly strong in. We focused into the profit pools where we are very strong and a market leader.  We think about next year and as we end this year with a new version of Windows with CoPilot, all of us building AI-enabled PCs, we think AI at the edge on the PC is a great, I'd call it the killer app. I think that killer app is going to drive a productivity increase. And any time we've seen new applications that drive productivity at the edge on the PC. We've seen the market rebound. And if you're going to ask your PC to do more, it generally means it needs a bigger CPU, a little more memory, a little bit more storage, a better display, et cetera, et cetera, which is another proxy for driving ASPs. That was a mouthful. I think I covered it all. We're going to weather the storm this year. The market is down. That's not going to change. It's rate of decline slows in the second half ASP are holding the opportunities are in the profit pools, which we continue to focus on, and we're optimistic about a modest growth in calendar '24. Thanks for the question, 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Asiya Merchant with Citigroup. 
Asiya Merchant : Great. Thank you for the opportunity and great results. Jeff, in terms of the PowerPoint, you guys talk about the long-term market growth opportunity. And clearly, you're very excited about how AI and some of Dell's core offerings are helping shape the market as well. So if you could just talk about -- when you think about your growth, your market opportunity, how we should think about that in the face of AI? Is that something that we should expect to maybe edge higher just given the growing amount of workload, the higher ASPs on the computer side as well as -- and is that something that we should expect for calendar '24 to see an acceleration in growth relative to your long-term market growth forecast, especially coming off a down year in calendar '23? 
Jeff Clarke: Well, we tend to think about these growth opportunities in areas where our model really extends or expand. So if you think about our leadership position across PC storage compute side, you think about our large go-to-market presence, you think about our, I think, scale and advantage in the supply chain are very scaled service organization. How do you take those four attributes and apply it to new growth opportunities. We've clearly picked and talked about them in the past as telco, which is off to a good start.  Edge. We just -- we've been engaged through partners in the marketplace, but the NativeEdge product that I announced on stage at DTW ships here very shortly next week. We think about the opportunity in multi-cloud as we build out the multi-cloud platforms that I talked about on stage. They get delivered later this year. They're on schedule. And then there's the fourth tailwind that we've talked about a bit already today, which is AI. And again, to be clear, we think it is an incremental opportunity. Is it wholly 100% a new category, not cannibalizing some of the data center? I don't know. I don't think that's worth debating. I know the workloads are different. I know the architecture and the types of products that we have to build to serve that demand and need are different. I think that is pretty exciting. Our model plays quite well there.  Given the backlog and allocation of parts, we will be carrying AI backlog into next year. It's just -- we won't get enough parts to clear the backlog even the 39 lead time of today. And I think it continues to build momentum because the early adopters tend to be concentrated in this AI as a service and the hyperscalers. And we've now talked about and firmly believe it's going to be deployed on-prem and at the edge. We've said this before. We think there's going to be AI factories everywhere, little ones and big ones and little ones on the edge and medium-sized ones in data centers and large ones at cloud scale. That paints a picture of a pretty significant opportunity for us, and we have to continue to build our portfolio of services, which I think is key with the hardware. So our hardware aligned with certification of the application, the open source community that's out there today, making sure they run great on our portfolio of XE servers and then ultimately build services, both embedded services and professional services or the platforms themselves. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng : Thank you very much for the question. I just had on AI servers and ISG. It's encouraging to hear that server ASPs increase, the AI server mix increased, and we saw improving gross margins in ISG. Was that primarily storage mix? Or are AI servers accretive to margins. And I'm just wondering if you could talk about whether or not there are any things to discuss as it relates to how GPUs are accounted for in AI servers? Is it done on a consignment basis? Or does it just flow through normally? And then lastly, I was just wondering if the success of XE9680 improves your revenue visibility into next year, just given the backlog and whether we should think about seasonality very differently for next year? 
Jeff Clarke: A few questions on pack there, Yvonne and I will try to make our way through that and maybe in a logical order. When we think about this, our improvement in the P&L in Q2 was driven by the sequential growth in both storage and in servers. And because we had a favorable cost environment, we saw margin expansion in both servers and storage, which was good. You saw that in our performance.  When I think about the role of AI servers, AI servers from an ASP point of view are significantly greater than a data center or a general-purpose computer, if you will. They're dilutive on a margin percentage. They are accretive on a margin dollar basis. That's how Yvonne and I look at the business. That's the backdrop of how we look at AI servers in our portfolio, continuing to drive gross margin dollars, making sure that it's accretive from that point of view. Given that this is the early innings, we are selling services around these. Much of the service is deferred on our balance sheet when we sell service around these. That's an opportunity to collect that when we can build more services around the deployment of these things like Project Helix that we've talked about being able to help our customers across the entire ecosystem that provides more opportunity for us to grow our part of the AI hardware and service market which I believe I quoted in our remarks that we think is going to grow 19% over the next handful of years to $90 billion. 
Yvonne McGill : And we'll strengthen our balance sheet as that grows. So looking forward to that opportunity. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. 
Simon Leopold : Great I wanted to see if maybe you could talk about some of the dynamics related to the supply chain for your enterprise storage in that I think you've had some margin benefits from lower prices for NAND, solid-state memory. And there are, I guess, some expectations that supply and demand shift, pricing will go up for the memory next year. And I'm just wondering how to think about the effects on both your revenue and margin in storage . 
Jeff Clarke: Sure. As Yvonne mentioned in a couple of her remarks as well as to the questions thus far, we had a deflationary cost environment in Q2. Our view is that we'll be deflationary in the second half, although the rate of deflation is slowing. And that clearly benefited our businesses from PCs to servers, the storage. The actual material content in storage as a percentage of the sales price is actually smallest of all of our businesses. The spread is the value we believe we bring by our differentiated assets, our capabilities and features, mostly in the software. Typically, when cost increase, we are able to pass that through in time. It isn't 1 for 1 or on the nanosecond, the cost increase that we can change the price, given quotes and what's in the system but we are generally efficient at passing through cost increases over time, and we'll do that here. The signal is -- or given our purchasing capability and the scale of it. We tend to see that first. We tend to try to move first, and we have to be sensitive of how we price not getting ahead of the competitive environment of raising price, we become uncompetitive but able to do that in a prudent way where we're passing along our incremental cost as we see them in our business. That's how we've always done this. There won't be any difference in this cycle.  You are correct. I anticipate a cost increase cycle in the future. I'm not good enough to tell you what day that's going to occur. I can tell you our reach and understanding into the supply base is really good, and those signals will be measured -- or pushed all the way through into our prices, and we will understand that. Yvonne...? 
Yvonne McGill : No, no. I think you covered it. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors. 
Steven Fox : Just on the pricing discipline that you're exhibiting here. For the quarter, you had better-than-expected sales and sort of as expected gross margins. Can you sort of explain how that flowed through? It seemed a little different than I would have expected. And then when you think about pricing discipline for the rest of the fiscal year, where would we see it the most sort of come through the income statement? 
Jeff Clarke: Well, from a macro point of view and then Yvonne will certainly weigh in here, when we think about pricing in Q2 in the second half, in many ways, it's business as usual. When you see a slowing market and you see excess inventory you tend to see pockets of aggressiveness to move inventory to try to generate demand. We don't think the market is very elastic. As a result, we're very disciplined. And we are very disciplined in the profit pools. There were -- as I mentioned, and I think the previous question several back, there were units in the marketplace to go get, which tend to be in less profitable pools, near zero. And that's just not attractive for us. We're very disciplined in that regard.  When you look at big deals, as Yvonne and I have said several times now, given the conservative nature, cautious nature, probably more accurately stated of enterprise-class customers and not as many large deals, they tend to be pockets of aggressiveness. But the market is generally stable outside of the areas that I just described. We see that in Q2. As we go into the second half of the year, we'll see consumer -- it's consumer promotion time. We think consumer promos will be aggressive in the second half of the year, getting inventories back to historical levels, moving some of the old product that we know that's in inventory out there today, which isn't our issue. We're not exposed with any inventory because we run a very lean inventory model. We think those big deals will continue to be aggressive when they come about. They always have been. So there's really nothing new there. Just it's business as usual. Or if you prefer a similar pattern that we've seen before. And we'll just be disciplined. There are places where it makes sense for us to acquire new customers. There's places where in a customer that we want to expand our portfolio. We call it cross-selling. We'll be very judicious and very disciplined in acquiring new customers and making sure that we can address as much of a customer's estate with our portfolio as we possibly can. I want to... 
Yvonne McGill : Yes. No, no, I'd echo that and say, we continue to be focused on very price disciplined and focused on those core profit pools across the market. So feel good about that. And we always make investments where we feel like there's the proper return, future return, but very balanced, very disciplined. 
Robert Williams : Cynthia, if we can take one more question and then we'll turn it back over to -- if you can turn it back over to Jeff for closing remarks. 
Operator: We will now take our final question from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. 
Krish Sankar : A quick one for Yvonne. Based on your full year revenue guide, it looks like your fiscal 4Q revenue should be up low single digits Q-over-Q, Kind of curious what's driving the strength in 4Q relative to 3Q? Is it ISG, CSG seasonality? Any kind of color there would be helpful. 
Yvonne McGill: So thanks for your question, Krish. In the fourth quarter, we do have a seasonally strong storage performance. And so we're expecting that again this year. So that's really what would be driving the differential in the fourth quarter. 
Jeff Clarke: Well, perfect. Well, thank you, everyone. We executed well in Q2 and delivered extraordinary results. Our model is driven by a unique set of competitive advantages starting from our position of strength with a broad portfolio of #1 positions, technology's largest go-to-market engine, the industry's leading supply chain and our world-class service organization. We remain focused on extending our leadership positions across PCs, compute, storage and applying our model to new opportunities. Michael, Yvonne and I will go into more detail of our strategy and other topics at our Securities Analyst Meeting on October 5. We hope to see you all there. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-06-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the fiscal year 2024 first quarter financial results conference call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Robert Williams: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Chuck Whitten, Tom Sweet, Yvonne McGill and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review our materials and presentation, which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income and diluted earnings per share. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Chuck.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks, Rob. Our Q1 results demonstrate our strong execution and the power of our model in what remains an uncertain macroeconomic environment. At the summary level, we delivered revenue of $20.9 billion, operating income of $1.6 billion, diluted EPS of $1.31 and cash flow from operations of $1.8 billion. Consistent with our commentary in recent quarters, the demand environment remains challenged and customers are staying cautious and deliberate in their IT spending. We continue to see demand softness across our major lines of business, all regions, all customer sizes and most verticals. That said, we did see pockets of stronger demand performance worth noting. The CSG business performed sequentially better than our expectations at the time of our Q4 earnings call. And we did see some early signs of demand stabilization in commercial PCs in our small and medium business segments and across our transactional business. In storage, we saw continued demand growth in PowerStore, our marquee midrange offering, and in PowerFlex, our leading software-defined storage solution. PowerStore has grown for 11 consecutive quarters since its release and PowerFlex has now grown for 7 consecutive quarters. And in servers, we saw an increase in demand for our AI optimized solutions. Interest has been particularly strong for our new purpose-built 16G server for artificial intelligence, the PowerEdge X9680, though we caution that we are early in the demand cycle for AI infrastructure and it will take time to translate to the P&L. In what was a challenging demand backdrop, we executed extremely well and stayed focused on what we could control. We maintained pricing discipline even as competitors continue to reduce excess channel inventory. Our average selling prices increased, and we delivered strong sequential and year-over-year gross margin performance given lower input costs. We continue to maintain strong cost controls, reducing operating expenses by 6%. Since Q1 of last year, we have reduced operating expense by $240 million, and we'll continue to focus on prudent cost management as the year progresses. Our supply chain performed well. We reduced inventory by approximately $800 million in Q1 and by $2.3 billion over the last year, and our lead times and backlog have normalized post pandemic and ahead of competitors. And we are clearly focused on relative performance. We again gained share in calendar Q1 in commercial PCs, excluding Chrome, the most profitable segment of the market and our focus. And we expect to gain share in Q1 in storage when IDC results come out later this month. Though we anticipate some fluctuations in share performance as the year progresses, given the timing of industry backlog reduction, we remain confident in our ability to remain a structural share gainer over the long term. We also pressed forward on a substantial innovation agenda. Last week, we hosted our annual Dell Technologies World event with more than 10,000 attendees, and made several big announcements as we advance our strategies in multi-cloud, edge, AI, security, hybrid work and as-a-service solutions. In multi-cloud, we introduced 3 APEX cloud platforms developed with Microsoft, Red Hat and VMware to seamlessly extend cloud platform operating environments to on-premise environments. We also announced new APEX cloud storage for public cloud offerings, bringing Dell's industry-leading block and file enterprise storage capabilities to Azure and AWS environments and delivering on the promise of Project Alpine announced last year. We delivered on the vision of Project Frontier, introducing Dell NativeEdge, our software platform that makes it easier for customers to manage, simplify and secure their entire edge estate with a single solution. We announced Project Helix, our collaboration with NVIDIA that enables customers to quickly deploy generative AI on-premises at scale using their own proprietary data safely and securely. Under APEX, we met our commitment to extend as-a-service capabilities across our full portfolio with the addition of compute and PC as a Service. And finally, we announced Project Ford Zero, a collaboration with over 30 partners to develop a U.S. Department of Defense validated solution that will ease the adoption of Zero Trust security in private clouds. Looking ahead, we expect the cautious IT spending environment to continue in Q2. We expect CSG to perform closer to historical sequentials, given the pockets of commercial PC demand we saw in Q1 and the duration of the PC down cycle relative to prior cycles. We expect Q2 ISG spending to remain muted as customers scrutinize and prioritize spend, though customers continue to move forward with digital investments. Sales cycles continue to lengthen given the macroeconomic uncertainty. And as the industry levels continue to normalize, we expect an increasingly competitive environment relative to Q1. Ultimately, we have confidence in the long-term health of our core markets and the advantages of our business model. Data continues to increase exponentially in both quantity and value, and customers see us as a trusted partner, ready to help them navigate the complexities of multi-cloud, edge, AI, data management and hybrid work. We remain the industry leader in all of our key solution categories, are central to our customers' technology agendas and have a strong track record of delivering on our commitments in any environment. So short and long term, we'll stick to the playbook that has served us well across multiple cycles, focusing on customers, driving differentiated relative performance, delivering against our innovation agenda, prudently managing costs, maintaining pricing discipline and investing for the long term. Now over to Tom for the detailed Q1 financials.
Thomas Sweet: Thanks, Chuck. We're pleased with our Q1 execution given the current environment. We delivered revenue of $20.9 billion, down 20% with strong gross margins and operating cost management. Currency remained a headwind and impacted revenue by approximately 290 basis points. Gross margin was $5.2 billion and 24.7% of revenue. Gross margin rate was up 2 points, driven by lower input costs and pricing discipline. We did see increased pricing pressure in Q1, but we're selective on deals depending upon the customer and the opportunity. Expect us to continue to focus on the more profitable segments of the market and remain disciplined on pricing. Operating expense was $3.6 billion, down 6%, driven by lower marketing and headcount-related costs and 17.1% of revenue given scaling. We will continue to actively manage our overall spend as we move through the year. Operating income was $1.6 billion and 7.6% of revenue due to a decline in revenue, partially offset by a higher gross margin rate and lower operating expense. Our quarterly tax rate was 22.7%. Net income was $963 million, primarily driven by lower operating income and, to a lesser extent, a higher tax rate. Diluted earnings per share was $1.31, down 29% due to lower net income, partially offset by a lower share count. Our recurring revenue in the quarter was approximately $5.6 billion, up 6%, and our remaining performance obligations, or RPO, was approximately $39 billion, which was down 7% due to a reduction in backlog, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue. Deferred revenue was up primarily due to increases in services and software maintenance agreements. ISG revenue was $7.6 billion, down 18%, driven by soft demand in servers and storage. We delivered storage revenue of $3.8 billion with demand growth in PowerStore and PowerFlex. While Q1 is seasonally our softest storage quarter, we did see customer decisions extend out and some deal sizes reduced. Servers and networking revenue was $3.8 billion. We saw server ASPs continue to expand, and our mix of high-value workload servers increased as we continue to sell deeper into the customers' digital agenda. ISG operating income was $740 million, or 9.7% of revenue, down 2 points, primarily due to a decline in revenue, partially offset by a better gross margin rate. Turning to CSG. The PC market has continued to slow since June of last year, and the market declined sharply in calendar Q4 and again in calendar Q1, down 29% in units. Our fiscal Q1 CSG revenue was $12 billion, down 23%, primarily driven by a decline in units, partially offset by higher average selling prices in commercial and consumer. In a continuation of trends we've seen in recent quarters, commercial fared better than consumer. Commercial revenue and consumer revenue were $9.9 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. CSG profitability was strong in Q1, with operating income of $892 million or 7.4% of revenue, up 20 basis points, driven by a higher gross margin rate and lower operating expenses. We remain focused on commercial and the high end of consumer relative performance in executing our direct attach motion for services, software, peripherals and financing. Turning to DFS and APEX. Customer interest remains high in consumption and financing models that provide both payment flexibility and predictability. Our Q1 Dell Financial Services originations were $1.8 billion. DFS ending managed assets reached $14.3 billion, up 9%, while the overall DFS portfolio quality remains strong with credit losses near historically low levels. During the quarter, we continued to see APEX momentum, including an increase in the number of APEX customers that have subscribed to our as-a-service solutions. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was seasonally very strong at $1.8 billion, aided by our focus on working capital efficiency. As Chuck mentioned, we reduced inventory by approximately $800 million in Q1 and by $2.3 billion over the last year through disciplined execution and improvement in our supply chain. And our receivables balance benefited from strong collections this quarter. Our balance sheet remained strong, and we ended the quarter with $9.2 billion in cash and investments, down $1 billion sequentially due to a $1.1 billion of core debt paydown and $527 million of capital returns, offset by free cash flow generation. Our core leverage ratio improved sequentially to 1.7x as we prepaid our $1 billion note due in June. Turning to capital allocation. We will continue our balanced approach, repurchasing shares programmatically to manage dilution while maintaining the flexibility to be opportunistic. In Q1, we repurchased 6.1 million shares of stock for $251 million and paid $276 million in dividends. Now I'll turn it over to Yvonne to cover our guidance.
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Tom. Turning to guidance. we expect Q2 revenue to be in the range of $20.2 billion and $21.2 billion or between down 3% and up 1% sequentially, with a midpoint of $20.7 billion. Currency continues to be a headwind, and we are expecting a roughly 200 basis point impact to Q2 revenue. We expect CSG revenue to be roughly flat sequentially and ISG down in the low single digits sequentially. With inventories normalizing across the supply chain, we expect a more competitive pricing environment. Given Q1 profitability, combined with more muted sequential component cost deflation, we expect gross margin rates to be down roughly 50 basis points sequentially. We expect our Q2 diluted share count to be between 733 million and 738 million shares and our diluted EPS to be $1.10, plus or minus $0.10. For the full year, we're maintaining our FY '24 revenue expectations, down between 12% and 18% and down 15% at the midpoint. Given Q2 guidance, this implies a return to sequential growth in the second half of the year. Interest and other will be up approximately $100 million as we fund DFS originations in a higher interest rate environment. For our tax rate, you should assume 24% plus or minus 100 basis points. We are increasing our expectations for diluted earnings per share to $5.50, plus or minus $0.25. In closing, expect us to continue to be disciplined in how we manage the business in the current macro environment, focusing on what we can control and delivering for our customers. While there is near-term uncertainty, we have strong conviction in the growth of our TAM over the long term. We are committed to delivering our value creation framework with revenue CAGR of 3% to 4%, a diluted EPS CAGR of 6% or higher and the net income to adjusted free cash flow conversion of 100% or higher over time. We have returned $5 billion to shareholders over the last 6 quarters through share repurchases and dividends, approximately 96% of our adjusted free cash flow over that time period, well in excess of our 40% to 60% return target. We value our relationships with our shareholders, and we are actively listening to your feedback. We increased our annual dividend by 12% last quarter, and we recently put in place new governance enhancements to our Board and oversight structure. Ellen Kullman, has been elected by our Board as Lead Independent Director, with robust oversight responsibilities. And our Board committee members are independent directors. Also, with recent S&P Global eligibility rule changes, we are encouraged about the potential for future inclusion in the S&P 500 Index. Now I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Yvonne. [Operator Instructions] Let's go to the first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Tom, maybe this question is for you, or Yvonne, and that is you just beat the first quarter by $0.50. You only raised the full year guide by $0.20. And then on the revenue side, we're seeing some moving pieces that just look a little bit different than what you expected last quarter in terms of, last quarter, you talked about sequential revenue growth through the year. Now you're talking about a little bit of a weaker 2Q. And so can you just help us understand some of the moving pieces why seasonality might look a bit different today than what you thought 90 days ago and why the first quarter beat doesn't flow through fully through the year?
Yvonne McGill: Sure, Erik. Thanks. I'll start off here. So we did raise EPS given where we landed in Q1. In Q1, you really did see the strength of our model. So we were happy with that performance. But with the channel inventories and backlog clearing across the industry as well as access to lower cost components, we're expecting a more competitive environment going forward in the second quarter and beyond. The other areas we're looking at around component costs expecting to be deflationary in the second quarter, and you'll see that resulting in some gross margin dilution going forward. All of these areas were contemplated in the guide we gave. And I want to reiterate it's still early in the year, right? It's the first -- we just finished the first quarter. And so we want to make sure that we maintain balanced approach there and with our priorities around our relative performance, balancing growth and profitability and continuing prudent cost control.
Operator: And our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: I was wondering if you could talk about how you're thinking about pricing and share and maybe also reference how you're looking at elasticity of demand as a response to pricing. I think, Yvonne, you just said it's definitely a more competitive environment. So where is Dell going to be kind of flexing more in its ability to drive more share with price? And in what areas do you think that won't be quite as much where there might not be as much elasticity of demand?
Chuck Whitten: Wamsi, it's Chuck. Thanks for the question. Look, I don't think our posture has changed over multiple quarters on that topic. We maintain a balanced approach to profitability. And we are finding in the current environment, whether it's the CSG business or end servers or storage, there's just not a lot of price elasticity out there to use. If there's a place in the business where we see elasticity, it's in the consumer business, which is a very small portion of what we focus on. So look, the pricing environment, as we've seen it through Q1 has been more challenged. We're certainly seeing more aggression out there that always presents to us deals that we could choose to take at a margin losing proposition and we tend to steer clear of those. If we don't see a path to margin recovery, we tend to not play. So even in the falling deflationary environment, that's the posture we're taking. I would say across the business generally, we've seen TRUs remain stable, and that's both a function of, I think, that pricing discipline as well as the power of our direct model. Our attach in our CSG business as well as in our ISG business was good in Q1, and that helped offset that competitive pricing pressure that we saw across the portfolio.
Jeffrey Clarke: Maybe one other quick comment to build on what Chuck said, Wamsi, is look, we're committed to long-term share gain. That's part of the model that Chuck referred to in our prepared remarks. I think we've also been consistent that not all share gain in all categories is equivalent. So our focus continues to be in what we think are the advantaged opportunities for us, commercial PCs workstations, high-end consumer PCs and gaming and the opportunities that exist in our broad storage portfolio and server business. That's where we'll focus on share gains. We're a long-term share acquirer or gainer, and we'll continue to do so.
Operator: And our next question will come from Amit Daryani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: I guess you pushed a fairly impressive performance in the free cash flow side this quarter. So I was hoping you could talk about, a, just free cash flow generation for the company broadly, how do you really think about it for the year, and is there any way to think about what normalized cash cycle they should look like for Dell. That would be really helpful. And then b, I think, Tom, you talked about in the press release about how shareholder return is in excess of your target. Does that mean we should start to think about buybacks consistently outpacing your prior framework? Or anything on the buyback front would be helpful.
Thomas Sweet: Amit, it's Tom. Let me start with your second part of that question, and then I'll pivot over to Tyler, so we can chat about how we think about free cash flow in context of the financial model. Look, I mean, I think the shareholder return over the last 6 quarters has been -- I think we're right around $5 billion of overall capital return. And I think that's roughly about 96% of our free cash flow generation over that period of time. Obviously, part of that was the catch-up from the dilution that came out of the VMware spin, but we've been very much focused on how do we return and create shareholder value over that period of time. I also think you've seen -- you've heard from Michael over the last month or 2 or last quarter or so around the fact that he believes that there is incremental capability and capacity around capital return to shareholders, and that's something we're clearly evaluating. As we work our way through that, we'll continue to be opportunistic in how we think about share buyback relative to other uses of capital, we do have some debt that we're continuing that will -- we're focused on paying down this year in addition to the $1 billion that we just highlighted in the call. But look, I think from our commitment to our investor base is that we'll continue to drive shareholder value and capital return through, I think, an appropriate level of capital allocation. And then, Tyler, why don't we turn it over to you and talk about free cash flow for a second?
Tyler Johnson: Yes. Let me try to frame it, maybe talking a little bit about what happened last year and then what we're seeing now, right? So last year, we obviously had a headwind from a working capital perspective. And we -- as you know, we've got a negative cash conversion cycle, and that can be a big driver of what our cash does. And we talked about last quarter how we didn't expect working capital to be a headwind this year. And what you saw in Q1 was obviously a pretty big benefit coming from both inventory and on the receivables side. As I think about going forward and just recognizing, as a reminder, we don't give guidance, I would think about it this way. I think we still have opportunities in working capital, but it's not going to improve in a linear fashion. So I think that this is going to happen over time. We remain very focused on it. And as you think about what we've talked about in the second half of the year, returning to sequential growth, that would help throw off good cash. So look, I feel good about the year and where we are. I think that we'll migrate back towards that [ 1x ]. And I think to your question about what's normalized, I think what I would pay attention to is working capital. That has the biggest impact. And as you see us improve there, you'll see cash improve.
Operator: And moving on to Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: I'd just like to go back to the Q2 guidance. I think historically, you're up about 6% to 8% in revenues on a sequential basis. You're guiding for flat to slightly down. And I think you also commented, or Chuck did, in the prepared remarks that you expected kind of normal seasonal growth in PCs. So I wanted to understand, I'm still struggling to draw the bridge between normal seasonality and what you're guiding to. Is this all price? Or do you think the markets are weakening incrementally so that they're below normal seasonality? Or is there something about what happened with backlog this quarter? I was sort of under the impression you were going to build more backlog than normal this quarter, which would point to above seasonal growth. Maybe you can just help square the circle on how we should think about your guidance relative to seasonality and what the demand outlet out there is.
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Thanks, Toni. Let me start on the CSG portion of the question, and then let me hand over to Yvonne on unpacking the guidance. But look, I would categorize the client business as still recovering. So I'd start with the consumer business, obviously, it remains under pressure. The commercial business showed some pockets of improvement. Our small and medium business performance improved as we called out, and it outperformed large enterprises. That is typically a good leading indicator for us. And our transactional business, which is inclusive of our small and medium business segment, but also reflects the run rate enterprise demand that is out there, also showed some signs of stability as we move through the quarter. But what has not fully recovered yet is the large bids from the largest customers. And that's ultimately the demand that we're going to need to see for a full-scale recovery in the PC market. Enterprises just continue to be cautious about their spending. So that's what's factored into our Q2 guidance. We expect CSG revenue to be roughly flat sequentially. That reflects a recovering but not fully recovered market. I think if you look at it, it's probably closer to the 3-year average sequential but not yet back to pre-pandemic levels. Yvonne?
Yvonne McGill: Thanks, Chuck. Toni, I'd also add, I think our 3-year sequential is running at about 4% from Q1 to Q2. So that will be -- that's part of that. And what we flashed obviously is lower than that, sequential at the midpoint, down 1%, with CSG being flat and ISG being down [ 4 ]. So I think that we're starting to see that. We also had -- as we disclosed today a better-than-expected first quarter. And so that's having a little bit of an impact in the CSG space also. As I look through the rest of the guide, I think, again, we've talked about revenue, but other areas, we're expecting OpEx to be down sequentially, really in line with revenue at the midpoint. And we're expecting interest and other to be up about $60 million sequentially. So those are some of the elements that we're evaluating as we look through the guidance.
Thomas Sweet: Toni, it's Tom. Let me also just add, if you step back and think about the Q1 revenue of $20.9 billion, which obviously came in higher than what our guide was when we talked about this a few months ago, included in that was some backlog reduction. And yes, backlog in our minds, is in a normal range, and we think about that as a range, not a point estimate and our -- if you look at our lead times, they're generally in line, except for maybe 1 or 2 outliers. So there was -- between -- if you look at our RPO walk, you can see there's roughly a $400 million to $500 million backlog reduction in that Q1 revenue number. And then so you think from a normalized base of roughly 20.4, then you take a -- we're about a 2% sequential growth up -- or 1.5% to 2% sequential, up to get to the [ 20.7 ]. It's lower than the 4% normal seasonal. There's also a bit of pricing pressure in there from ASPs given some of the component cost declines. And so that's the mix that's in play right now as we think about that 20.7 midpoint guide.
Operator: And our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse.
Shannon Cross: Chuck and Jeff, I'm wondering, can you talk a bit about how you're seeing AI as it relates to your product set. [ Enrique ] was talking about AI PCs. There's obviously -- on the server side, I think you had some announcements. But I'm also wondering in your conversations with customers, and I know it's early days, but how they're thinking about AI deployments where they think the data will reside where they want to inference. Just I'm curious because you have all these conversations, it would be helpful to get some feedback.
Chuck Whitten: You bet, Shannon. Let me start on the question of kind of the demand we're seeing and what we're hearing from customers, and then I'm going to ask Jeff to jump in on the technical aspects and what we're seeing in the portfolio. But look, I mean, we are seeing a lot of demand for AI optimized infrastructure. That's obviously a very good thing for our business. Customers, enterprises are broadly pursuing and experimenting with AI efforts right now. They're doing it on-premise and at the edge. And as the leader in infrastructure and data, that obviously has -- is good news for our business. As we said in our prepared remarks, demand for our XC9680, that's our 16G and first-to-market purpose-built AI server with 8 NVIDIA H100 or A100 GPUs, has been very good. But we're also seeing demand across our portfolio. It's not simply the specialized 8-way GPU servers that can run AI, not everything needs billions of parameters. So net, look, we look at it and say, AI is going to drive demand for our business. It's going to drive demand for our business on-premise and at the edge, which is incremental growth and profitability for us. I just caution, as we said in our prepared remarks, that we are early in the demand cycle. And it's going to take time for that to translate to the P&L. Excitement for AI applications is ahead of GPU supply right now. And AI-optimized servers are still a very small part of our overall server mix. So ultimately to see a full recovery in our server business, it's going to require mainstream service to accelerate as well.
Jeffrey Clarke: Yes. Maybe Shannon some perspective on use cases. We've had AI and our PCs for years. So I don't know if it was recently said that we've been putting AI in our products across our server portfolio, our storage portfolio and our PC portfolio for many, many years. So those that are following -- that's the right thing to do. It's putting intelligence into our products to make better experiences for customers is absolutely what we've been doing and see. We're excited in the PC with what was announced at BUILD last week with new versions of Windows 11 with co-pilot and more integrated AI capability. I love it as perhaps a reason to buy a new PC. We've got to get that done and get the products out of the marketplace, but that's a pretty exciting opportunity being able to use Windows and the different forms of applications in a very different way and a more efficient way. So that's exciting. And then where all the buzz is, is on generative AI and large language models. And it's an incredible opportunity. Demand, as Chuck referred to, has been great. I think that continues because, quite frankly, what customers are trying to do is to figure out how to use their data with their business context to get better business outcomes and greater insight to their customers and to their business. And while there's a lot of discussion around these large generalized AI models, we think the more specific opportunity is around domain-specific and process-specific generative AI where customers can use their own data. The data sets tend to be smaller. Those data sets then can be trained more quickly, and they can use their business context to help them inform and run their businesses better. We think that's the opportunity in front of us. And it's quite honestly why we announced Project Helix last week with NVIDIA, an opportunity to take enterprise AI at scale. They are easy to deploy, easy to design, easy to put install and use pretrained models, tune models and be able to drive inference out in the data center and at the edge. So we're pretty excited about the opportunities in front of us.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: I just want to dig into ISG and specifically on the server and storage margin. You mentioned loss volume leverage. Was there anything sort of unique in the quarter that maybe hit margins? I know you had a little bit of a benefit in the fourth quarter that was not sustainable. And how do we think about it as demand comes back reasonably to normal? Should server margins and storage margins be in that sort of historical 11% to 12% range? And longer term, what is potentially richer configurations mean for ISG margins down the road as we see obviously higher end use cases? And obviously, the talk of the town is AI. But as configurations become richer and richer, does that mean better pricing and ultimately clearly better margins for the ISG business? Or should we expect sort of a run rate that's more consistent with the past?
Thomas Sweet: Well, David, let's talk what we saw in Q1 just for a second on ISG margin. So in general, what we saw was relatively strong server margins given the cost environment we were in. So with the inventory work that the team did, the ability to get to the component -- incrementally lower component cost was helpful in the discover portfolio in Q1. And so I'm pleased with what we saw from the server op margin in Q1. Storage is a slightly different story. Now think about seasonality in storage typically our softest quarter from a demand perspective and from a shift perspective with storage and that clearly played out with what we saw in the quarter, generally soft storage demand. And in there, we did see some year-over-year margin pressure given some of the descaling that we saw, quite frankly, with lower revenue, lower gross margin dollars and some pressure on operating margin there. Now look, we'll continue to make sure that we're adjusting the portfolio and the cost environment as we move forward in that as you go forward. As you fast forward and you think about the opportunity around margins, given pricing and component costs, I think there's some opportunity there that we'll be able to take advantage of as it relates to gross margin dollars, particularly on configuration as configurations get richer. I do think that, as Yvonne and Chuck alluded to, that the server ASP dynamic where we're going to see some declines over time, given some of the pricing dynamics. So I think you get back to more historical norms, and storage is generally going to be just what's the revenue velocity going to look like in the mix within that. Chuck, Yvonne, I don't know if you'd add anything to that.
Chuck Whitten: No, I think you got it. I think the question on AI margins, I would just continue to say, look, we view it as incremental growth and incremental margin dollars, the ASPs of our AI-optimized service are a multiple of our normal server average, and we see lots of opportunities to provide services around this infrastructure. These are critical workloads that are dealing with critical-sensitive data. So we ultimately don't see it as a commoditized space in the enterprise. But as Shannon alluded to in her question, it's still early days.
Operator: And we will take a question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I guess just into the question on the second half sort of recovery that you're expecting more in terms of sequential growth. Just want to clarify if you're sort of expecting most of that to be driven by CSG or maybe what's your assumption in terms of ISG returning to sequential growth in the second half. And more sort of associated with that, how should I think about the reductions that you're doing on OpEx? Do we start to sort of think that you get back to sort of stable OpEx from -- as you see the business return to growth in the second half?
Yvonne McGill: Sure. Let me take that, Samik. As we are talking about sequential growth in the second half across the portfolio and inclusive of ISG and CSG, from an overall standpoint, I think that as we look at an OpEx level and spend level, that's certainly something that we'll continue to optimize. But I think overall, you should expect, as I stated earlier, continued improvement as the year progresses, but in an expected competitive environment. So I don't know if anybody had anything else to add.
Thomas Sweet: You got it, Yvonne.
Operator: And our next question will come from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: I just had one on the segment margins. I think last quarter, you said CSG margins might be back in the normalized 5% to 6% range for the year and ISG margins would be 200 to 250 basis points lower than the 15.6% in the fiscal fourth quarter. I was just wondering if that's still the case? Or are there any puts and takes that we should consider incrementally relative to last quarter?
Thomas Sweet: Michael, if you look at -- I did say that last quarter, by the way, around CSG of 5 to 6. It's come in stronger than what I had anticipated, quite frankly, because we got to lower component costs. As we thought -- as the inventory management, I think, was quite strong. So that, combined with the pricing discipline that we talked about in our talk track as well as the fact that, quite frankly, we didn't see a lot of elasticity out there. So to burn economics on transactions or customer deals that didn't make sense to us we passed on. So CSG profitability was quite strong. And that's really a driver of a lot of the margin upside or the profitability upside we saw in the quarter. As it relates to ISG, it's sort of a tale of 2 different sort of [ labs ], right? The server margins were in the range that I expect it to be maybe a little bit stronger than I expected them to be given the component cost declines again. Storage margins were lower than I anticipated, quite frankly, because of the descaling that we saw in the P&L with the lower revenue, which obviously translates into lower gross margin dollars. And even though we've taken a number of OpEx actions, those are going to work their way through the P&L as we go through the year. So yes. So there were some -- obviously, some variances against the guide that we gave. I think we'll work through those as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: I wanted to see if you could update us on how you're thinking about the overall PC market, sort of this idea of what's the new normal and where is your place in it, and sort of the trajectory given all the moving parts coming out of kind of this post-pandemic normalization. Where are we in the cycle? And what's your expectation for the year?
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Let me build on my prior comments. Look, I don't think we have a ton to add to our prior public comments on the size of the unit PC TAM. We continue to peg at around 250 million units. And as I always emphasize, the reality is not all of these PC units are created equal, right? So on an ASP basis, a commercial non-Chrome PC is more valuable than a Chromebook and a premium consumer PC above $800 is 2.8x more valuable than a mainstream consumer PC. So when we look at the TAM post pandemic, what we see is a bigger revenue and profit market than we did going into the pandemic, and that's net impact of the PC being asked to do more in a hybrid world. In terms of the refresh cycle, again, as we called out, we see the business moving closer to normal sequential. So the rate of decline in the business has come down. That's starting to show signs of stability. And look, what we know is we've, as an industry, shipped 950 million units over the last 3 years. We, Dell, shipped 160 million PCs over the last 3 years. That mix is more heavily notebook. And all of our telemetry data says those devices are still in use. So you have a commercial PC installed base that's at the highest levels that we've seen since 2014, given that we're now entering the fifth quarter of a commercial PC downturn that is typically 4 to 6 quarters in length. All of that points to improving sequential growth as the year progress. When and how fast that recovers, to be determined. But we certainly see customers having stretched a very large commercial installed base for some time.
Jeffrey Clarke: Yes, I might add since the question was how do we view ourselves going into the pandemic and coming out. We were taking share before the pandemic. We took share through the pandemic. We expect to take share after the pandemic. We are a consolidator. We were consolidating before, through and after. We'll continue to focus on the differentiated aspects of our model, which allows us to attach services, software and peripherals and drive differentiated performance with our business, which you saw in the quarter. And we are the revenue leader, which is a tribute to what Chuck said, we focus on the most valuable parts of the market where our model is differentiated and our products have an advantage.
Operator: And we have a question from Tim Long with Barclays.
Timothy Long: Could you talk a little bit you mentioned APEX Cloud Services and some mentions of the other service platforms. Could you just give us a sense as to kind of scale of those businesses now? What inning are we in? And do you think this is being aided by the macro and maybe touch a little bit on profitability for these businesses as they scale?
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me share what I can. Look, we continue to be really pleased with our APEX strategy and performance. We're seeing really healthy customer interest and growth, particularly in this economic environment where customers are looking to stretch every IT dollar and they're looking to optimize cloud spend. Look, as we've highlighted in the past, our focus is on trying to offer customers choice across our portfolio and steadily building the customer base and our ARR while driving technical milestones. So on the latter, we made an important series of APEX announcements at DTW last week, including a number of differentiated multi-cloud solutions, APEX cloud platforms, APEX Storage for Public Cloud and our APEX Navigator offering. And then we extended our APEX portfolio across our entire business with the addition of APEX Compute and APEX PC as a Service. So it is now the most comprehensive as-a-service and multi-cloud portfolio in the industry and we're getting a lot of client and customer interest in that offering. We're just going to continue to focus on customers. We'll continue to provide periodic updates on our progress, like we did last year in terms of the size of the business. But for now, we're just focused on expanding the portfolio and the customer interest we're seeing.
Timothy Long: Okay. And just profitability as that ramps, if you could touch on that.
Chuck Whitten: We're not disclosing financial parameters around the APEX business, as we've said. We'll do that periodically when we have meaningful milestones to report as we did last year in Q2.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: I want to go back to ISG. Server revenue was obviously not weaker than storage, as you can expected. You guided ISG to be down low single digits sequentially in the second quarter. Do you expect the trajectory to be different between server and storage? Maybe talk about some of the trends you see in the first month of the quarter, and also, I want to ask about, are you still thinking the group ISG being down mid-teens percentage for the year as you allude to a quarter ago?
Chuck Whitten: Maybe I'll start with just the demand environment, and Yvonne can talk about the specific components of the guide. Look, it just remains a challenging demand environment clearly on ISG. The caution that we saw enter the spending environment in Q2 of last year continues a year later. Customers aren't outright canceling digital projects, but they are prioritizing spend and they continue to constrain investments in infrastructure hardware after the burst of pandemic spending the last couple of years. If you look specifically at servers, the most acute demand challenges are in the large bids with the largest customers. That reflects that tightening budget environment, and we're seeing lengthening decision timelines. And look on storage, as we cautioned during our Q4 earnings call, it's not immune to the IT cycles. It typically lags servers, but it's never fully insulated. And after seeing slowdowns in small and medium business in Q4, we saw a slowdown in larger customers in Q1. So you take our Q4 and our Q1 storage results together, we're clearly seeing a lull in the storage market. And so that's what's inputted into our guidance of ISG, down in the low single digits in Q2, which just sort of reflects that continued cautious spending environment.
Yvonne McGill: Yes. And Chuck, I'd add, I think that continues through the -- in our guidance for the rest of the year. As you articulated, servers slowed earlier than storage, and we started seeing storage slow in Q4. So we'll see those both improve as the year goes on sequentially. But obviously, storage is -- was trailing from an improvement standpoint as we would normally see cyclically.
Operator: We'll now take our final question from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Hadi Orabi: Eddy, on behalf of Chris. Your competitors in storage have expressed positive views on QLC NAND and its potential to replace hybrid and HDD storage system. Given your company's size and exposure to these types of systems, I'm curious to know your thoughts on QLC. I know you guys have a QLC product that you announced last year, but -- do you think other QLC systems are likely to compete heavily on price with hybrid and HD systems on a [ 30-gigabyte ] basis?
Jeffrey Clarke: Yes. Over time, absolutely, which is why we're pursuing it a year from others. We'll continue to build across our portfolio. Today, given the compressed pricing of NAND, you don't necessarily need QLC to meet those cost targets or price targets. But we're well aware of the dynamics. And I think, have a very good understanding of the technology, given our storage portfolio and our aggregate buy across NAND in our sector is, I think, the largest. We understand the dynamics and plan accordingly.
Thomas Sweet: Well, thanks, Jeff. And so let me do the close here. So all of you probably know at this point that I did announce my retirement from Dell at the end of the second quarter. So including today's call, this is my 38th earnings call as the CFO of the company. And so it's obviously been an amazing journey as we've transformed the company and created shareholder value over the last decade or so with our solution capability, the EMC merger, then the latest being our spin out of VMware as our shareholders. And we also have evolved our technology vision. We're #1 in virtually every category, and we're clearly at the center of our customers' digital journey. So I'm pretty proud, and incredibly proud, I should say, of the team and the company and what we've been able to accomplish. But I also want to just say thank you to all of you for your feedback, your partnership and your deep relationships that we've had with the investment community. So I'm going to leave the company in strong hands with a great team and great hands with Yvonne as she steps into the leadership role as the CFO. And obviously, I'll be cheering the company on as we move forward. So let me just finish by saying thank you, thanks for your support and your trust over the last decade. So talk to you guys at some point in the future. Take care.
Robert Williams: All right. Thanks, Tom. That wraps the call today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-03-02 20:44:03) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2023 Fourth Quarter and Year-end Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams : Thanks for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Chuck Whitten, Tom Sweet and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and I encourage you to review our materials and presentation which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today's call.  During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income and diluted earnings per share. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified.  Statements made during this call that relate to future events and results are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now  I'll turn it over to Chuck.
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Rob. We are pleased with our FY '23 execution and financial results given the macroeconomic backdrop. FY '23 was ultimately a tale of two halves with 12% growth in the first half and revenue down 9% in the second half as the demand environment weakened over the course of the year. Net, we delivered record FY '23 revenue of $102.3 billion, up 1% on the back of 17% growth in FY '22, record OpInc of $8.6 billion, up 11% and record EPS of $7.61, up 22%. ISG, in particular, had a strong year with record revenue of $38.4 billion, including record revenue in both servers and networking and storage and record operating income of over $5 billion. Importantly, we are structural share gainers and continue to outperform the industry. We expect to gain over a point of share in mainstream server and storage revenue when the IDC calendar results come out later this month. In servers, we remain number one in the market and have gained 9 points of mainstream server revenue share over the last 10 years. In storage, we are far and away the industry leader, bigger than number two, three and four players combined and have gained 4 points of share in the key midrange portion of the market over the last five years. And in PCs, we gained over 140 basis points of commercial PC unit share in calendar '22, our tenth consecutive year of share gains. Focusing on Q4, we again proved our ability to deliver against our commitments and execute no matter the market environment. We delivered Q4 revenue of $25 billion, down 11% with operating income of $2.2 billion and diluted EPS of $1.80 driven by strong ISG performance and disciplined cost management. ISG revenue was $9.9 billion, up 7% with record profitability. ISG has now grown 8 consecutive quarters, and our end-to-end business model has proven to be a demonstrable competitive advantage in this changing environment. We've enhanced our relevancy with customers as spending priorities shifted from CSG to ISG over the course of the year, and we positioned our business to capture growth where it materialized in the IT market. Specifically in ISG, we delivered record storage revenue of $5 billion, up 10% including demand growth in PowerFlex, VxRail, Data Protection and PowerStore. We are pleased with our momentum in storage, the investments we made over the years, strengthening our portfolio are paying off and have allowed us to drive growth and share gain in what was a resilient storage market in 2022. We grew servers and networking 5% in a challenging server demand environment by optimizing server shipments, along with strong attach and growing ASPs, a clear indication that we continue to sell deeper into customers' digital agendas. Turning to CSG. The PC market remains challenged. From a historic 2021, the PC market slowed markedly in June and experienced a sharp decline in calendar Q4. Consequently, our fiscal Q4 CSG revenue declined 23% to $13.4 billion. It was a continuation of trends we've seen in recent quarters. Commercial revenue fared better than Consumer, down 17% as customers delayed PC purchases in the face of macroeconomic and hiring uncertainty. Consumer was down 40%. Given the decline in revenue, CSG operating income was $671 million or 5% of revenue, primarily driven by descaling with revenue decreasing faster than OpEx. We are seeing increasing in competitive pressure and elevated industry channel inventories, but we continue to maintain pricing discipline, execute our direct attach motion and focus on our relative performance in the most profitable segments of the PC market. In this challenged and uncertain environment, we've stuck to a playbook that has served us well across multiple cycles, staying customer-focused, driving differentiated relative performance, delivering against our innovation agenda, managing our cost position, maintaining pricing discipline and sustaining our unique and winning culture. In short, we have focused on what we can control. And in Q4, we continued to take decisive action, extending our existing cost controls, causing external hiring, limiting travel and reducing outside services spend. We reduced our operating expenses, excluding compensation and benefits by 5% versus last year, normalized for the extra week in the quarter. We also made the difficult decision to reduce our workforce by an additional 5% as announced in February. We will continue to stay disciplined in our expense management as we navigate the current IT spending environment.  In Q4, we also advanced our innovation agenda. We launched our next generation of PowerEdge servers with significantly enhanced AI and machine learning capabilities and improved energy and cost efficiency for data center, cloud and edge environments, including new purpose-built XR servers for telecom, open RAN and mobile edge use cases. At Mobile World Congress this week, we announced new solutions and partnerships that will enable the telecommunications industry to accelerate the adoption of open network architecture, including Dell Telecom Infrastructure Blocks for Red Hat, an integrated solutions, specifically engineered, validated and supported by Dell to help network operators run their telecom workloads more efficiently. And we continue to lead in defining the next era of hybrid work solutions. At CES, we made announcements in a number of areas, including high-margin peripherals that improve the employee experience like our premier collaboration keyboard with dedicated touch controls to easily manage Zoom calls and a series of new monitors, including a 32-inch Ultrasharp display with 6K resolution. We're proud of the substantial innovation that we've driven in all of our businesses in FY '23, and we have more exciting announcements coming in May at Dell Technologies World. Let me conclude by offering some brief observations on the demand environment. The broad caution in the IT spending environment that we started calling out in Q2 persists as customers continue to scrutinize every dollar in the current macro environment. Exiting FY '23, we saw select growth in verticals like financial services, transportation and construction and real estate. However, we've continued to see demand softness across most other verticals, customer types and regions.  Underlying demand in PCs and servers remains weak, and we are seeing signs of changing customer behavior and storage. Though Q4 was a very good storage demand quarter. We saw lengthening sales cycles and more cautious storage spending with strength in very large customers, offset by declines in medium and small business. Given that backdrop, we expect at least the early part of FY '24 to remain challenging. That said, our fundamental belief in both the long-term health of our markets and the advantage of our business model haven't changed. Data continues to increase exponentially in both quantity and value and customers continue to see us as trusted partners, helping them navigate the complexities of hybrid work, multi-cloud and the edge. Unlike in prior cycles, customers are not outright stopping digital investments. They continue to plan projects even as they scrutinize spend. This gives us confidence that we will see a rebound in spending and a return to sequential growth later this year. We're industry leaders in our categories, were central to the technology agendas of our customers, and we have a track record of meeting our commitments and improving our strategic position no matter the environment. We plan to stick to the playbook that served us well in FY '23 in prior cycles. Control what we can control, stay disciplined and agile, invest for the long term and meet our commitments to customers, team members and other stakeholders. We've positioned the business to navigate the current uncertainty and for the inevitable rebound.  Now over to Tom for the detailed financials and guidance.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Chuck. We're pleased with the full year and Q4 P&L performances given the macro environment. As Chuck highlighted, we set new records this year and have continued to build on our industry-leading positions. Turning to our Q4 results, which, as a reminder, included a 14th week. We delivered revenue of $25 billion, down 11% with strong ISG performance, particularly in storage. Currency remained a headwind and impacted revenue by approximately 410 basis points. Gross margin was $6 billion, up 3% and 23.8% of revenue. Gross margin rate was up 3 points due to a mix shift to ISG, component and logistics cost deflation and pricing discipline. The pricing environment in ISG was generally consistent with what we have seen in recent quarters, while in CSG, we saw areas of pressure, particularly in consumer and in some commercial markets where, in some cases, our competitors were working to reduce their channel inventory. We continue to be disciplined in our pricing execution and within CSG, driving our direct model with a focus on attaching services, software, peripherals and financing. Operating expense was $3.8 billion, up 5%, driven by an extra week in our quarter and 15.1% of revenue. In Q4, we recorded a $281 million charge to our GAAP operating expense for our previously announced workforce reduction. Operating income was $2.2 billion, down 1% and 8.7% of revenue with the extra week of operating expenses roughly offsetting an extra week of gross margin. Our quarterly tax rate was 26% and 20% for the full year. Q4 net income was $1.3 billion, down 5% and primarily driven by slightly higher interest expense, including a 14th week in the quarter and a slight decrease in operating income. Fully diluted earnings per share was $1.80, up 5% due to a lower share count. Our recurring revenue is approximately $5.6 billion a quarter, up 12% and our remaining performance obligations, or RPO, is approximately $40 billion, down due to a reduction in backlog, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue. Deferred revenue was up primarily due to an increase in service and software maintenance agreements. Now turning to our business units. In ISG, we delivered our eighth consecutive quarter of growth. Revenue was $9.9 billion, up 7%, driven by strong storage and server and networking performance. Storage revenue was a record $5 billion, up 10% and Servers and networking revenue was $4.9 billion, up 5%. ISG operating income came in at a record $1.5 billion or 15.6% of revenue, up 360 basis points as we benefited from cost favorability, pricing discipline and revenue growth, including a higher mix of storage software. Our Client Solutions Group revenue was down 23% to $13.4 billion primarily due to continued softness in both the commercial and consumer PC markets. Commercial revenue was $10.7 billion, down 17% and consumer revenue was $2.7 billion, down 40%, though average selling prices continue to trend higher in both businesses. CSG operating income was $700 million and 5% of revenue. As we have historically seen when the macro environment has slowed, customers' interest in consumption and financing models that provide both payment flexibility and predictability has increased. Our Q4 Dell Financial Services originations were $3 billion, up 12%, with strength across all geographies.  DFS ending managed assets reached $14.7 billion, up 9%, while credit losses remained at historically low levels, given the strength of our portfolio, which is over 60% investment grade. And we more than doubled the number of active APEX customers that have subscribed to our as-a-Service solutions over the course of the year. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was $2.7 billion in Q4 and $3.6 billion for the full year. Our strong Q4 cash flow was driven by profitability, partially offset by use in working capital. Within working capital, inventory was down $1.4 billion sequentially due to disciplined management and strong shipments at the end of the quarter. However, the inventory improvement was offset by a temporary increase in receivables, driven by linearity of revenue in the quarter and a decline in payables given reduced inventory purchases and timing of disbursements. Our commitment to improving working capital efficiency remains a priority as we continue to focus on unlocking capital within the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $10.2 billion in cash and investments, up $3.7 billion sequentially and driven by free cash flow generation and a $2 billion debt issuance, partially offset by $400 million in capital returns. Our core debt balance ended the year at $18.1 billion, up due to the debt issuance. We intend to use part of their issuance proceeds to pay down the $1 billion maturity coming due in June and we'll consider using the remaining proceeds to prepay other debt in the capital structure over time. Turning to capital allocation. We will continue our balanced approach, repurchasing shares programmatically to manage dilution while maintaining the flexibility to be opportunistic. In Q4, we repurchased 3.7 million shares of stock for $150 million and paid $236 million in dividends. And for the full year, we repurchased 62.4 million shares for $2.8 billion and paid approximately $1 billion in dividends. As we highlighted in our press release earlier today and as part of our commitment to capital returns, we are raising our annual dividend from $1.32 to $1.48 per share, an increase of 12%, reflecting our confidence in our long-term business model and our ability to generate and grow cash flow over time. Turning to guidance. Given the demand trends we saw last quarter, we expect Q1 revenue to be seasonally lower than average, down sequentially between 17% and 21%, 19% at the midpoint. Currency continues to be a headwind, and we are expecting a roughly 300 basis point impact to Q1 revenue. We expect the ISG business to be down sequentially in the mid-20s as we come off a seasonally strong storage quarter to Q1, which is typically a seasonally weaker storage quarter and we expect CSG revenue down sequentially in the mid-teens. While we remain disciplined in our pricing and expect gross margin rates to be relatively flat sequentially. For our tax rate, you should assume a 24% plus or minus 100 basis points for Q1 and for fiscal year '24. We expect our Q1 diluted share count to be between 737 million and 742 million shares and our diluted EPS to be $0.80, plus or minus $0.15, down sequentially, primarily driven by lower revenue. For the full year, we continue to see a wide range of outcomes. We expect revenue to be down between 12% and 18% and down 15% at the midpoint of the range. Given Q1 guidance, this implies a return to sequential growth as we move through the year, we'll continue to be mindful of our pricing discipline and our cost structure making adjustments as appropriate, depending on the environment while also continuing to invest in innovation. Interest and other will be up approximately $200 million as we fund DFS originations in a higher interest rate environment. Netting this out, we expect diluted earnings per share of $5.30 plus or minus $0.30. In closing, we delivered solid fiscal year '23 financial results. And over the last three years, we have now grown our revenue at a 6% CAGR, and our EPS at an 18% CAGR. While there is near-term uncertainty, particularly in the first half of fiscal year '24, we have strong conviction in the growth of our TAM over the long term, and we remain committed to delivering our value creation framework with a revenue CAGR of 3% to 4%, a diluted earnings per share CAGR of 6% plus and a net income to adjusted free cash flow conversion of 100% or better over time. We have returned approximately $3.8 billion of capital to our shareholders in fiscal year '23 through share repurchase and dividends and expect to return 40% to 60% of our adjusted free cash flow to our shareholders over time. Expect us to continue to be disciplined in how we manage the business in the current macro environment, focusing on what we can control and delivering for our customers.  Now I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
A - Rob Williams : Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A [Operator Instructions]. Let's go to the first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers : Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. Congratulations on the good execution in a tough environment. Thinking about the guidance into the April quarter. I'm curious if you could help me unpack particularly the server business. What you're seeing as far as the demand environment thus far in the April quarter? And how do we kind of triangulate what you've seen from a pricing perspective, sustainability of that as we look at the deflationary elements of component pricing. Thank you.
Chuck Whitten : Yeah, Aaron, let me start. The -- look, as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, we saw a continuation of the trends that we started calling out in Q2 and accelerated in Q3 in the server business. With weak underlying demand and frankly, it deteriorated over the course of the quarter.  The texture we would add would be -- the slowdown is probably most pronounced in the largest customers. Ultimately, our transactional business performed a bit better but was still declining. And the texture was we saw customers still digesting inventory, tightening budgets, stretching, decision time lines.  Our win-loss ratio didn't change, and it was in line with historical performance. And as we said, we expect to gain share in Q4. So ultimately, this is the market going through a digestion cycle, not our performance. As you said, our performance of 5% was driven by a couple of things. One was optimizing shipments in quarter, but the other was higher year-over-year revenue per unit performance. That was higher content rate of memory and SSD, higher services, good attach of our enterprise peripherals, sort of our direct sales motion in action. Look, ultimately, we are seeing pricing pressure in all our business and server is not immune. I'd just say we've expected that. We factored that into both our operational and financial plans and we've factored it into the guidance going forward. So we anticipate in this environment continuing to see pricing pressure but obviously, we're pleased with the content rate performance and ultimately, the performance of our attached business.
Rob Williams : Next question?
Operator: Your next question will come from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt : Thanks, guys. Maybe just a clarification on CSG. I know obviously, it's a difficult backdrop and you talked about sort of the pressure that you saw throughout the quarter and into the beginning part of this quarter. But I think I also thought you mentioned that it sounded as if ASPs were trending higher.  Can you kind of discuss kind of what's driving that and where sort of inventory is for you guys? And how do you think the market inventory looks as we move through the balance of this fiscal year? When do you think we can get to a more normalized inventory position from an industry perspective? Thanks. 
Chuck Whitten : Yeah, sure. So look, the CSG business, as you said, it continued to be challenged in the quarter. We won't repeat all the market data, but obviously, Q4 was one of the more challenging volume quarters in history. And both across the consumer market, which continues to be under real pressure where we're seeing significant amounts of inventory in the channel, a much slower China market. And the commercial business continues to remain challenged as those customers are delaying purchases, buying for immediate needs and tilting IT spending elsewhere. We are seeing, from an inventory standpoint, elevated inventory levels. We obviously benefit in our business from much lower inventory levels, which you have seen consistently in our performance. But there's inventory in both the consumer business and the commercial business now. Look, ultimately, the guidance that we've given in our comments on the year, we expect the business to return to sequential growth over the course of the year. But without calling specifically right now, when inventory -- we'll get back in profile. It will be later in the year, certainly as we enter Q1, inventory is elevated.
Tom Sweet: And maybe, David, I'll just make a couple of other points around ASP and we continue to benefit from our unique operating model, the direct model where we can attach peripherals, software and services, which I think continues to help us. And those businesses are very strong for us. And then if you look inside commercial, our precision workstation business had a very good quarter on a relative basis, which carries substantially higher ASPs.
David Vogt : Can I make a quick follow-up?
Chuck Whitten : Let's just keep going, David. If we have time, you can come back. Thanks, appreciate it. 
David Vogt: Sure
Chuck Whitten : Next question operator? 
Operator: That will be from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi : Yes. Thank you. I was wondering if you could just help with the bridge for particularly Q1 guidance since that sets the foundation for the full year. Historically, you're down about 7% sequentially. You're guiding for down 19%. How much was the extra week? How much was backlog drawdown in the quarter that you don't think replicates and how much is your assumption for kind of incremental macro weakness because there's still a really big gap between being down 7% and being down 19%. And then you're calling for potentially normal seasonality thereafter?  And then can you also just address free cash flow? I think you're guiding for net income of $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion. Do you expect free cash flow realization to be better or worse than that number? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Toni, let me sort of take the first part of that question on the walk from Q4 to Q1 revenue. So we printed $25 million and you're right, typically, we do see sequential sort of in that minus 7% to minus 9% range roughly. So how we think about it in the guide, sort of works like this. So the 14th week provided roughly $700 million to $800 million of incremental revenue so to back that off.  If you do the RPO deferred revenue math that we provided for you, you sort of get to a backlog adjustment, roughly about $2 billion to $2.2 billion. And then the incremental seasonality or the incremental weakness that we're seeing is sort of the remainder of that, okay? So that walks you down to the 20.2%.  So look, I mean, as Chuck mentioned in his opening comments, we are seeing that continued softness. Our expectation and how we have built our plan for the year says we recover throughout the year but we do expect Q1 to sort of have -- to be in that sort of ZIP code at this point in time.  And then on free cash flow, as you know, we don't guide free cash flow. But I think we would expect cash generation given the plan that we have with sequential improvement as you go through the year to improve cash flow.  Tyler, I don't know if you'd add anything to that.
Tyler Johnson : Yeah. No, no, I think that's right. And I guess the one thing I would add, recognizing we don't provide guidance, if you think about some of the dynamics that we had in FY '23, as we're thinking about next year, I do think that we should expect that free cash flow conversion to be better than we saw in FY '23.
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Toni. Next question, please. 
Operator: That question will be from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva : Thank you so much and great results, and thank you for being clear on the outlook. When we think about a softening demand environment in the year 2023 and your cautionary below normal seasonal for Q1, how should we think about capital deployment? Would you all be doing more stock buyback? You just increased your dividend, which is great but how should we think about deploying capital in a year that's starting off more challenged? And of course, you're going through restructuring. So I'm conscious of that. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Jim, look, I think you should think about capital allocation like this for the year. We're committed to our long-term framework of 40% to 60% shareholder capital return over time. Obviously, we were -- we had an accelerated return in fiscal year '23, given the amount of share buyback we did. I would think about it like this. We raised the dividend 12% to $1.48 on an annual basis for the year. I think that provides a foundation as we think about our confidence in the long-term business model and long-term cash flow generation of the company. From a share buyback, we don't forecast that, but I'm on the record of saying that we'll manage dilution from a share buyback perspective. And obviously, we'll continue to be opportunistic as we look at the -- where the share price is relative to other uses of our capital.
Jim Suva : Thank you, Tom. And we're going to miss you. Thank you. 
Tom Sweet: Thank you. 
Chuck Whitten : Next question, please. 
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question will come from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring : Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I just want to touch on operating margins kind of for each segment. We saw each of them trend kind of an into opposing direction, CSG lower than normal, ISG higher than normal. As we think about looking forward, is there any structural change that we should be thinking about, particularly on the CSG side, should we be thinking about operating margin for this business now closer to 5% to 6% or 6% to 8%, what you've been doing over the last few years, more likely, again, as we look past this near-term dislocation to more normalized times. Thanks. 
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Erik, I would say that I think you're in the ballpark on op margin over how we're thinking about it for the year to be blunt, right? I mean we did enjoy higher op margins over the pandemic period. But I think a more normalized view of -- in the range that you talked about is how we're thinking about the business for the year, obviously, we're going to do all we can to maximize profitability while making sure that we drive relative performance and share as appropriate. So -- but I think you're in the front -- you're in the ballpark on how you're thinking about it.  The ISG margins, look, we had a strong Q4. You think about the impact of all of the storage strength that we saw, clearly was very beneficial to the margin. I would highlight the fact that within that storage mix, we had a really strong mix of our own storage software IP, which is very helpful from a profitability perspective, and we expect that mix to continue to be helpful on a go-forward basis. So look, I tend to think that we're probably back in sort of more normalized, a little bit couple of points less than perhaps we finished in Q4 as you think through the year, 200 to 250 basis points, something like that. But that's the chemistry of the P&L. We expect storage to be stronger next year, servers to be slightly softer in ISG, in the CSG business to sort of generate the margins we talked about.
Erik Woodring : Thanks for color. And congrats for retirement.
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Eric. Next question please. 
Operator: That question will come from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee : Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess if I can just ask you for -- on the full year guide. You're guiding to about 12% to 18% decline in revenues. Can you share your thoughts about how you're thinking about that split between CSG and ISG for the full year guide? I know you gave some directional commentary on 1Q itself, but just wondering if you can sort of rightsize as how to think about CSG and ISG and when you talk about that wide range for the full year guide for the year, where is the bigger variable? Is it more on a CSG recovery? Or in your mind, is this more sort of contingent on how ISG pans out? Thank you. 
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Samik, I would say it like this. I would expect that as we look at the performance of the business units next year, from a growth perspective, they're generally sort of both in the mid -- sort of negative mid-teens in terms of growth rates for the year. Obviously, we guided to a midpoint of minus 15 you can do the math, $87 billion. So they're generally on top of each other in terms of growth rates. In terms of the variability, look, I mean we're cognizant of the state of the macro, the uncertainty in the environment, and as Chuck highlighted in his talking points, there is a level of customer hesitancy out there at this point. So I do think that we built a plan that says that, hey, we expect the sequentials to improve as we go through the year. That's how we thought about the business. One data point to think about, particularly with PCs is that if you go back and look over time at other recessionary periods, whether it's all the way back to the dotcom bust of 2000 or the great financial crisis of 2008 to 2009. In general, what you see is a period of decline in both client and servers of, say, four to six quarters worth of decline. And if we think about where we are, it's not a perfect predictor, but if you think about where we are in the context of that sort of metric to where we are today, we're on the tail-end of that. And so we're optimistic that as we go through the year, we'll see some lift in that. And so look, I'm not going to probability weight where my risk is. I do think that -- I think we've got a solid plan that is focused on executing and you can count on us to navigate the environment and we'll be disciplined in how we do it.
Samik Chatterjee : Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan : Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you could clarify a little bit on the linearity of demand. It sounds like you had a pretty back-end loaded quarter given your comments on the receivables, but you're also talking about weakness here more than normal seasonal in 1Q. Can you talk about maybe what you saw happen to orders a little bit more granularly? What do you see in January? What do you see in February? And are you expecting order patterns to trend here in the near term?
Chuck Whitten : Yeah. Let me start and just tell you what we observed in Q4, which was -- we did see our -- as is typical, given our high storage quarter, linearity trend towards the back part of the quarter. That's not atypical for our business in Q4, particularly given the heavy storage mix and the seasonally strong storage quarter. I would say that maybe versus historical norms, the server business also tended to trend a little bit more back end loaded.  As I mentioned in my earlier response, we did see deterioration over the course of the quarter of server demand. And to the extent that large bids or deals closed, they did tend to close in the back part of the quarter more than normal. So there was a little bit of uneven seasonality. I don't know that we expect any material change sort of coming into our next quarter, and we certainly won't try to forecast linearity in the next quarter. I would say storage tends to be booked in the last portion of the quarter, that's very, very typical. Server was a little bit of an anomaly, and I think reflects the cautious demand environment that we're navigating our way through.
Tom Sweet: Chuck, let me add that and as we finished January, we obviously came to the end of a sales compensation cycle as well, which always tends to be a bit drive a bit more activity towards the end of the quarter. That's not unusual on a six-month quota period. So that also sort of highlights that it was a bit more back-end loaded.  And so -- but Wamsi, in terms of trying to extrapolate that into okay, how do you think about that demand trend for our linearity pattern for Q1, it's a different pattern in Q1. You're coming off of a year-end budgets for corporates that tend to spend a bit more in the fourth quarter versus a seasonally softer quarter. And so it tends to be a bit more a little less back-end loaded, but that's hard to predict in this environment, to be honest.
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Tom. Thanks, Wamsi.
Operator: Our next question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani : Thanks for taking my question. I guess I was hoping to talk a bit more about the ISG segment with the full year guide being down 15%. That seems to be more severe than I think what your storage or server peers are talking about. I think NetApp said flat storage environment, HPE, I think raised the full year guide actually right now.  So I'm just trying to understand, what are you seeing that's driving a much more tempered outlook versus your peers? And if you think about this down 15% expectation in ISG. Can you just slide the servers versus storage? Or are you seeing share gains reverse some there? Just any clarity that would be helpful because it seems a bit more severe than what IDC Gartner or your peers are saying.
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Amit, I would say I can't speak to what others have said about their businesses. All I would tell you is that as we think about the trends and what we expect is that we would expect servers to be softer than storage as we go through the full year, right, with probably more pressure on the front half on servers than on the back and as we go through the year. We do expect storage to hold up better. Yes, I'm not going to do the split, but that's our general thinking. That's what we see. It's stronger than that, great. But that's our expectation right now about how we plan the business is on that sort of framework.
Amit Daryanani : Sorry, I was -- you don't expect share gain to reverse course or any of that is embedded in these expectations, right?
Chuck Whitten : No, we don't. We build our plans to gain share. So this is what's reflected in our core guide is to gain share in all of our core business as we have consistently. Again, I think the customer texture is what we're reflecting in the guide in Q1, which is that as we enter the year, it's a challenging demand drop or demand backdrop, excuse me, it weakened as the quarter progressed. As we look forward for the rest of the year, as Tom said, we do expect a return to sequential growth. It's driven by really a couple of factors. One is just a belief that when you compare this cycle to prior macro cycles in our industry, that four to six quarters of demand decline that Tom referenced as being the historic level. We're deep into that now.  And then customers, what I would say is that just the cycle feels different right now. There's less outright company financial distress. There's fewer outright cancellations of projects. We're seeing some evidence of budget stabilizing and even increasing given inflation. So look, in infrastructure, customers are continuing to plan projects, but they're also behaving cautious right now, and that's what's sort of reflected in our commentary.
Amit Daryanani : Thanks, guys. 
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Amit. Appreciate the question. Next question?
Operator: We'll now move to Simon Leopold with Raymond James. 
Simon Leopold : I guess what I want to try to follow up on is, in particular, the relationship between storage and servers. In that last earnings call, you did sound cautious on servers, but we're more optimistic on your storage business, and now we're seeing you more cautious on storage. And I guess I'm a little bit surprised, I would think that the two should be correlated and be driven by many of the same trends. So I'm trying to understand better what changed in the last 90 days or so to change that view on storage?
Chuck Whitten : Yeah. Thanks for the question. Look, we're just seeing underlying evidence of moderating growth as we came through the quarter. So look, as we said in the prepared remarks, we had a good quarter. And specifically, we saw strength in our very large customers. But that large strength was offsetting declines that we saw in medium and small business. So our medium and small business performance in storage did moderate quarter-on-quarter. And that's typically a leading indicator for us for a slowdown in the business. And texturally, I would tell you the caution that we saw in the server market is starting to appear in the storage market as well. Cycle times on deals has stretched, the number of opportunities we see has declined and we see customers resizing budgets, increasing the number of approvals, all of the things that we saw in the server market. So as you referenced, we've long cautioned that the storage market is not immune to the broader trends in IT but it often lags the server business. It also shows less amplitude than servers, but it's ultimately not immune. And so that's the caution you hear us, reflecting that's what we saw in Q4. We think we're seeing the early signs of a little bit of slowing in the storage market.
Simon Leopold : Thank you.
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Simon. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho : Thanks for taking question. I also want to ask about the full year guidance. Obviously, things seem to have deteriorated throughout the quarter and the correction, like you said, could be four to six quarters. But I'm curious, are you seeing any of your businesses reaching a trough sooner than others because of your customers so aggressively cutting back on inventory. I'm thinking about server, storage and PC, maybe within PC, consumer versus commercial, which one will help you come back to resume growth later in the year? Thanks. 
Tom Sweet: Yeah, Sidney. Look, I think if you look at the pattern, we saw the softness if you go all the way back early last year, we saw the softness first manifest itself in the PC space, right? And then the server base followed as we got through Q2 to Q3, Q4. So logically, one would think that PCs come back, the -- as we think about a pattern that and how we plan the business, we would expect to see some level of PC recovery as a leading indicator. And then I think servers would follow. I will highlight Chuck's comment on storage, which is, look, it's not immune to some of the softness, but the amplitude of the variation there is going to be, we think, less just given the data creation activity that's out there in the market and the underlying trends. So I think our perspective is how past patterns have been, I would expect PCs first and servers and then storage to be sort of relatively stable but a little bit of pressure on that.
Rob Williams : Okay. Great. Thanks for the question, Sidney. Operator, let's take two more questions. Then I wanted to let everyone know that we're going to turn the call over to Michael for a short close.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar : Yeah. Congrats on the good results. I just wanted to check, Chuck, on pricing and cost, how to think about the commodity and logistical cost environment in both CSG and ISG specifically how to think about it over the next few quarters relative to the past due. Are the biggest rate of cost decline is behind us.
Jeffrey Clarke : Chris, this is Jeff. I'll do commodities and then I'll hand it over to Chuck to talk about pricing. But if you think about the environment we're in today and you look at the landscape of inventory, what's happening with the falling demand, we were deflationary in Q4, we expect component cost to be deflationary in Q1 and Q2. Most notably driven by the RAM, NAND and LCDs across our businesses. We also think when you look at freight costs, which we've talked a lot over the past the -- seems forever, but two years plus about the rise in logistics costs, they have tilted the other way as well. We're paying fewer dollars and supplier premiums, fewer parts are being expedited. Our freight costs are down on those parts.  We're able now to use our ocean network more vastly than our air network. We've seen ocean costs come down to near pre-Covid levels and we've seen air costs come down, not quite to pre-COVID levels, but they have tilted going the other way. So our input cost for the first half of the year will be down.
Chuck Whitten : And on pricing, look, we've certainly seen increased pricing pressure. It was most acute in the consumer business where we saw high levels of discounting and front and back-end rebates being used to move channel inventory. We saw pressure in the commercial PC business as well. It was most acute again in large bids and in our channel stock and sell business where there is still elevated levels of industry inventory and pricing aggression stepped up in servers as well, again, particularly the largest bids and largest customers. I'd say -- given what Jeff just said, ultimately, we recognize that in a weak demand environment and a deflationary commodity environment, there's going to be downward pricing pressure. We've obviously factored that into our financial and operating plans and ultimately, the guidance we gave you today. I'd just add that we try to remain very disciplined in our pricing. There's frankly not a lot of elasticity right now in the market, particularly in the commercial PC and server business. So we're being very disciplined given that backdrop.
Krish Sankar : Thanks, Chuck. Thanks, Jeff. 
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Krish. 
Operator: We'll now take our final question from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies.
Kyle McNealy : Thanks very much for the question. You mentioned that you'll see sequential growth through the year, which indicates you may be getting past the peak pressure of slowing demand and elevated channel inventories and PCs or you expect to get past that in Q1 at least. Is there anything you can say about what gives you that confidence that we could get getting past peak pressure, whether it's channel inventories coming down at the margin or year-over-year trends getting less negative in recent weeks?  And following on to that, when do you expect to start seeing some refreshes of early pandemic PC buys coming into the model? Can we see some of that later this year? Or is that -- that's fiscal '25 and beyond event? Thanks.
Chuck Whitten : Well, look, again, as we've tried to highlight, it's hard to pin the exact moment of the rebound. We are -- again, if you compare it to the historic cycles, four to six quarters of demand decline, and we're deep into that in the PC business. I think what we would say is in commercial PCs, customers continue to reinforce the criticality of that device to us. As you said, there were 62 million core commercial notebook shipped in the first 9 months of 2020, a refresh cycle is coming. When exactly that starts is what we're trying to think our way through. But the logic of prior cycles and what we're hearing from customers says that we should expect sort of sequential growth to return later this year.
Tom Sweet: Well, maybe a little bit of texture there. As Chuck talked about the range. Consumer PCs in the industry went negative in Q1 of last year and commercial PCs went negative in Q2 of last year. So we are in quarter four and quarter five, I should say, quarter five and quarter four , respectively, consumer and commercial. And we've talked about ranges of four to six.
Rob Williams : Thanks, everyone. Let's turn it over to Michael for a close.
Michael Dell : Thanks, Rob. As you are all aware now, Tom has decided that it's time for him to retire from Dell. He will be leaving us at the end of Q2 after an incredible 26 years with the company and as our longest-serving CFO in company history. Since joining Dell in 1997, Tom has overseen every aspect of finance, guiding us through tremendous growth and through some extraordinary milestones. From the merger with [EMC] to returning to the public markets, the spinning off Dell stake in VMware. Tom, thank you for everything. And most of all, thank you for your friendship.  With Tom's retirement, I'd like to welcome Yvonne McGill, currently our Corporate Controller as our new CFO effective day one of Q3 FY '24. Many of you already know Yvonne. She also joined Dell in 1997. Among other roles, Yvonne has been SG CFO, Chief Accounting Officer and led our finance functions for our APJ and China business and as our Corporate Controller, she has been responsible for a number of functions, including ISG, tax, treasury, accounting and Investor Relations since 2020. She is a proven finance leader, and we are all thrilled to have her as our next CFO. Tom, Yvonne and the team will work closely to ensure a smooth transition. And I know you will all join me in congratulating them both. To close the call, let me reiterate what you've heard from Tom, Jeff and Chuck. We have delivered strong performance over the last few years, and we did so again in FY '23. We delivered for our customers, drove share gains, generated strong profitability, accelerated our innovation agenda and executed against our capital return commitments. While the near-term demand environment is challenging, we expect it to improve as we move through the fiscal year. The quantity and value of data continues to explode, and the long-term trends are in our favor. Thank you for letting me join you today, and we look forward to seeing you all soon.
Rob Williams : I'm just going to close off to thank everyone for joining us today. We've got a pretty active schedule over the course of the next 6 weeks with management and the investment community. And that begins with Morgan Stanley next week in San Francisco with both Chuck Whitten and Sam Burg. So we look forward to seeing everyone out there. Thanks a lot.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2022-11-21 04:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fiscal Year 2023 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Incorporated. I’d like to inform all participants that this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Incorporated. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks everyone for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Chuck Whitten, Tom Sweet and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website and I encourage you to review our materials and presentation which includes additional content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today’s call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, and diluted earnings per share. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our webdeck and our press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements, based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our webdeck and our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I’ll turn it over to Chuck.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks Rob. We delivered very good results including strong ISG revenue with record profitability and good CSG profitability, despite the difficult demand environment that we highlighted in our last earnings call. The net of our disciplined execution was Q3 revenue of $24.7 billion, down 6% with record operating income of $2.4 billion and record diluted EPS of $2.30. ISG revenue was $9.6 billion, up 12% while CSG was $13.8 billion, down 17%. From a macro perspective, Q3 played out as we previewed last quarter, soft underlying PC demand and slowing infrastructure demand, though storage did hold up fairly well relative to servers with growth in multiple storage types including high end and PowerStore. Our Q3 performance underscores our strategic focus, the advantages of our model and our ability to deliver differentiated results in any market environment. Our unique sales model provides direct real time feedback from customers of all sizes and across geographies and industries, which allows us to see the demand environment shift faster than the rest of the industry. And as the demand environment changed, we reacted quickly and decisively, which showed in our results. We took actions to reduce costs, decreasing our operating expense 3% sequentially in Q2 and another 6% sequentially in Q3. We have now reduced quarterly operating expense by over $300 million since Q1. We reduced server backlog consistent with our Q2 commentary and delivered strong profitability as our model allowed us to access component cost deflation faster than the rest of the industry. And we stayed focused on relative performance in the most profitable segments of the market. Despite some expected distortions in the PC market given elevated competitor backlog, we continued to gain commercial PC unit share in Q3 and have now gained share in 35 of the last 39 quarters. In ISG, we expect to extend our industry leading share positions in servers and storage when Q3 IDC results are announced in December. And we executed on all of the above without compromising our innovation agenda with 30 infrastructure launches in the last 13 weeks, including six new Dell APEX offerings, in strategic areas like multicloud, edge, and subscription and as-a-service. We’re excited about the launch of Project Frontier, our initiative to deliver an edge operations software platform focused on unifying edge operations across infrastructure and applications for a broad set of industries. And earlier today, we announced the availability of PowerFlex, our flagship software defined storage solution, on AWS. With a cloud-first design point, PowerFlex on AWS is the first of Dell’s industry-leading storage offerings available in the public cloud as part of Project Alpine, our effort to bring our industry-leading storage software to public clouds to provide multicloud data mobility and simplify data management. It will enable customers to use Dell’s storage software capabilities and APIs wherever their data resides, without the need for purpose-built or specialized public cloud infrastructure. Our new Project Alpine related SaaS offerings will add to our growing portfolio of APEX solutions while enabling our customers to harness the power of multicloud. Stepping back, the near-term market remains challenged and uncertain. On one hand, we are seeing some customers delay IT purchases. Other customers continue to move ahead with Dell given the criticality of technology to their long-term competitiveness and a growing need to drive near-term productivity through IT. The world continues to digitally transform, data continues to grow exponentially, and customers continue to look to technology to drive their business forward, no matter the economic climate. As the market leader in commercial PCs and infrastructure, we are well positioned whether a customer is seeking to drive growth, productivity and efficiencies, or a combination. We’re trusted advisors to our customers, and we have a business model that allows us to adjust quickly to meet their needs. So, we are very confident in our ability to adapt and deliver results despite the near-term uncertainty. Q3 was proof of our underlying advantages and ability to execute no matter the environment. As always, we’ll continue to focus on what we can control: taking care of our customers, driving differentiated relative performance, delivering against our innovation agenda, managing our cost position, maintaining pricing discipline, and building a unique and winning culture with our team. This is the playbook that has served us well across multiple cycles, and no matter the backdrop, we intend to accelerate our strategic position, as we did in Q3. Now I’ll turn it over to Tom for the financials.
Tom Sweet: Thanks Chuck. I’m pleased with our Q3 P&L performance despite the tougher near-term demand environment. As Chuck mentioned, we highlighted the softening environment and slowing ISG demand in our Q2 earnings conversation, and the third quarter generally played out as we expected, albeit with server demand velocity slowing a bit more than we anticipated. We continue to focus on executing our strategy to win in the consolidation and modernization of our core markets and we have executed well over the last few years and again in Q3. In ISG, we’ve grown our revenue for seven consecutive quarters and have grown our revenue at a 3% CAGR since fiscal year 20. We have been consistent structural share gainers in servers where we are number one, gaining 530 bps over the last 5 years in mainstream server revenue per IDC. In storage, we are bigger than two and three combined, and with our refreshed storage portfolio, we have added to our number one position, gaining share over the last two quarters, and anticipate gaining share in both storage as well as servers again this quarter when IDC results come out in December. Our CSG business has grown at a 12% CAGR since fiscal year 20. As Chuck mentioned earlier, we have gained Commercial PC unit share in 35 of the last 39 quarters including Q3. Turning to our Q3 results. We delivered revenue of $24.7 billion, down 6% with strong ISG performance, particularly in servers. We reduced total backlog by $1.2 billion sequentially during the quarter with CSG backlog now in a more normal range and ISG backlog slightly elevated year-on-year, but substantially reduced from the beginning of the quarter. Profitability was strong in Q3. Gross margin was $5.9 billion, up 2% and 23.7% of revenue. Gross margin percentage was up 2 points, primarily due to a favorable mix shift to ISG and a decrease in our cost of goods sold due to certain components turning deflationary along with declining logistics costs. FX remained a headwind and impacted revenue by approximately 420 basis points. Q3 operating expense was $3.5 billion, down 8% and 14.1% of revenue as we slowed hiring and reduced discretionary costs given the current macro environment. As a result, operating income was a record $2.4 billion, up 22% and 9.6% of revenue. Our year-to-date tax rate decreased to 18.2%, primarily due to geographic mix of income. Q3 net income was $1.7 billion, up 30%, primarily driven by growth in operating income and a decline in interest expense due to our lower debt balances. Fully diluted earnings per share was a record $2.30, up 39% with diluted share count decreasing sequentially to 743 million shares as a result of share repurchases in Q3. Our recurring revenue is approximately $5.4 billion a quarter, up 11%. Our remaining performance obligations, or RPO, is approximately $39 billion, down Y/Y due to a decline in backlog partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue. Turning to our business units. In ISG, Q3 revenue was $9.6 billion, up 12% driven by a reduction in our server backlog, consistent with our Q2 call commentary. Servers and networking revenue was $5.2 billion, up 14% and Storage revenue was $4.4 billion, up 11%. As mentioned, we did see softening unit demand in servers somewhat offset by higher average selling prices given richer configurations driven by customers running more complex workloads. ISG operating income came in at a record $1.4 billion or 14.3% of revenue, which was up 390 basis points as we benefited from scale with lower operating expenses and pricing discipline. Our Client Solutions Group revenue was down 17% to $13.8 billion, primarily due to underlying softness in both Commercial and Consumer demand. Commercial revenue was $10.7 billion, down 13% and consumer revenue was $3 billion, down 29%. Average selling prices trended higher in both Commercial and Consumer as customers bought PCs with richer configurations. CSG operating income was $1.1 billion, down 7% primarily due to scaling, partially offset by stronger gross margin percentage and lower operating expenses. CSG operating income was 7.7% of revenue. Dell Financial Services originations were $2.3 billion, up 17% with strength across geographies and DFS ended the quarter with $13.8 billion in assets. We have historically seen stronger originations, and more recently an increasing interest in subscription models, as the macroeconomic environment slows. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was approximately $400 million in Q3 and is $3.9 billion on a trailing twelve month basis. Q3 cash flow was helped by profitability but offset by the sequential revenue decline in the P&L and a use in working capital. Within working capital, inventory was up sequentially as we strategically accelerated purchases of some key components as we continue to navigate through supply chain dynamics. Improving working capital efficiency and reducing inventory remains a priority. Our core debt balance is $16.2 billion and our core leverage ratio is 1.6x. We ended the quarter with $6.5 billion in cash and investments, down $600 million sequentially principally due to $800 million in capital returns. Turning to capital allocation. We repurchased 16.3 million shares of stock in Q3 for $609 million and paid $238 million in dividends. In addition to our $1 billion annual dividend, since the beginning of our current share repurchase program, we have bought back 70.3 million shares for $3.36 billion. Going forward, we will continue our balanced capital allocation approach, repurchasing shares programmatically to manage dilution while maintaining flexibility to be opportunistic. Turning to guidance, considering the demand environment, we expect Q4 revenue between $23 billion and $24 billion, down 16% at the mid-point, with ISG roughly flat. Similar to Q3, currency continues to be a headwind for us. We are expecting a roughly 500 basis-point impact to Q4 revenue. We continue to be focused on managing cost, however, we do expect to see a roughly $150 million OpEx increase sequentially given the extra week in our fiscal Q4. We expect our interest and other expense to be up $60 million sequentially driven by interest rate volatility and the impact on our derivatives portfolio. For our non-GAAP tax rate, you should assume 22% at the midpoint, which reflects a 19% plus or minus 100 basis points rate for the full year. We expect our diluted share count to be roughly 730 million 735 million shares. Netting this out, we expect diluted EPS in the range of $1.50 to $1.80, down 4% at the midpoint. I recognize that many of you have questions about our view on fiscal year 24. It’s still early in our annual planning process. However, I’ll frame our current thinking. We expect ongoing global macroeconomic factors including slowing economic growth, inflation, rising interest rates and currency pressure to weigh on our customers, and as a result, their IT spending intentions even as they continue to digitize their businesses. These dynamics are creating a broader range of financial outcomes for our upcoming fiscal year, particularly as we think about the second half of the year. With what we know today, it’s likely next years’ revenue is below historical sequentials using our Q4 guidance as a starting point. In closing, we delivered strong third quarter financial results. We have strong conviction in the growth of our TAM over the long-term even though some customers have paused purchases in the near-term. And we are committed to delivering our value creation framework with a revenue CAGR of 3% to 4%, a diluted EPS CAGR of 6% plus, and a net income to adjusted free cash flow conversion of 100% or better. Since fiscal year 20, our revenue has grown at an 8% CAGR, our diluted earnings per share has grown at nearly a 20% CAGR and we have exceeded our net income to adjusted free cash flow target in each of the last three fiscal years. We have also committed to return 4% to 60% of our adjusted free cash flow to our shareholders over time and have returned $4.1 billion of capital to our shareholders over the last 12 months through share repurchase and dividends. We will continue to be disciplined in how we are managing the business and our financial posture in this complex macro environment, focusing on what we can control and helping our customers along their digital journey. Now, I’ll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Let’s go to the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And Chuck, I’m just kind of curious, you mentioned about how the IT spending is softening. What do you see across the ecosystem? Is it across all enterprises, the large and smaller ones? And within that, where do you think they’re focusing their budgets on right now? Is it more server storage or software? Just kind of curious, any thoughts you can give on the IT spending environment we’re seeing.
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Thanks, Krish. Let me give you a little bit of the texture that we’re seeing. But maybe let me start by just highlighting. Look, we executed very well in what was a very dynamic environment. As we’ve highlighted, our principal objective in this environment is to deliver relative performance and share gain. And in Q3, we did that across client server and storage, and we delivered very good profitability. So, while we’re not going to get into specific demand numbers today, let me offer some texture on the environment that we’re seeing. First, I would just say that the CSG demand environment remains challenged with, as you saw in our results, consumer weaker than commercial. We saw slowing server growth. As Tom highlighted in our prepared remarks, it was probably a little bit worse than we anticipated at the time of our Q2 earnings call. And so as we said, Q3 server revenue growth of 14% was aided by server backlog reduction and storage fared better. It’s ultimately not immune to the broader dynamics we’re seeing across customers, but we saw growth across multiple storage categories, including the high-end HCI and PowerStore. To your direct question about texture underpinning that, those dynamics were largely consistent across geographies, we’d say, verticals as well and customer size. There’s probably a couple of exceptions we would call out. One would be China, which had a much more pronounced weakness last quarter. And we would highlight the energy sector, the U.S. government sector and then medium business generally globally as performing better relative to the rest of the business. And the customer feedback is very similar to what we described in Q2, very cautious and deliberate behavior in the face of what’s a lot of economic -- macroeconomic dynamics out there. So, we’re hearing reassessment of budgets, reprioritization of spending and customers buying effectively for just their immediate needs. So net, I would say Q3 was a continuation of the trends that we called out during our Q2 earnings call.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Vogt with UBS. Please go ahead.
David Vogt: Tom, maybe this is for you. Can you kind of elaborate on your earlier remarks about the framework for ‘24. Just to clarify, when you talk about -- obviously, there’s a lot of moving pieces, but how do you think about the historical sequential moves as we move through the year? So, are you trying to communicate that we basically start with Q4 and then take sort of a normal sequential pattern over the last, let’s say, two to three years and sort of maybe haircut that a little bit given the uncertainty? Just trying to maybe level set since my line dropped a little bit. Thanks.
Tom Sweet: David, happy to sort of elaborate on that. Obviously, as we look at the environment, it’s pretty early in our planning process from a fiscal year ‘24 perspective. Clearly, the landscape and the dynamics are complex, and there’s a high degree of complexity out there, whether it’s around inflation or interest rates, what’s going on with FX, global growth in general, supply chain, geopolitical. I could probably go on, but you get the point that at this point, there’s -- as we look at it, there’s a pretty wide range of financial outcomes depending upon how some of these things move and change on us. And in particular, I would say the back half of next year continues to be -- has a fair amount of complexity. So, Chuck mentioned that we do see customers with a bit of cautiousness in their spend right now. I think that’s pretty evident. And so that said, we’re going to focus on what we can control, meaning we’ll focus on ensuring we help our customers as well as ensuring we manage the P&L properly, both -- and be tight on both spending and customer satisfaction. And just a reminder, I would highlight that from a spend perspective, we’ve been focused on spend now for a number of quarters as we have restrained hiring and put other cost control measures in place. But having said all of that, what I was trying to elaborate while I don’t want to get into exactly what next year looks like because we’re still working our way through it, we do think it’s going to -- it’s got some complexity and some challenges to it. And as a result of that, if you took sort of the midpoint of our guide and then ran historic -- normal historical sequential, say over a couple of -- two-year historicals and maybe hair cut those a bit, I think you’re going to be in the ballpark of what our current thinking is, recognizing that’s going to continue to evolve and change over the coming months. Maybe the other data point to help you triangulate on that is if you look at P&L revenue growth in the back half of fiscal ‘23. So obviously, the minus 6 that we just printed for Q3, at the midpoint, minus 16 of our Q4 guide sort of points to a minus 10, minus 11 sort of growth rate, and that’s probably something you ought to think about as you do that math.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tim Long with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: I was hoping to dig a little deeper into CSG. Obviously, in the guide, that sounds like it’s a little bit more challenged of the market. I think you mentioned ASPs were up in the Q3. So can you talk a little bit about kind of where we are with channel inventory in commercial and consumer? What you see going on in the pricing and what impact that will have in margin? And maybe if you could just throw in what’s going on with your backlog. I’m sure it’s being worked down as well. It’s probably multiple parter there, but I think you get the gist. Thank you.
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Tim, there’s a lot in there. Let me start to unpack it and we’ll probably double or triple team this one. So look, obviously, it’s a challenging PC market backdrop. So maybe I’ll just start with our current internal estimates for this year, which I think we shared on our last Q2 call of sort of 280 million to 290 million industry units. That’s still our estimate as we go into Q4. And that implies sort of a mid double-digit decline in units year-over-year. And I think that would be the single largest percentage decline in recent history. You’d have to go back to 2015 to see something sharper. So, that’s the reality of the backdrop today. And as I highlighted, commercial is holding up better than consumer, and that’s clearly consistent with long-term industry trends. Commercial PCs, excluding Chrome, tend to be the more durable portion of the market, along with premium consumer and gaming, and that’s where we’ve been focused. And so that’s the dynamic that we see right now. As expected in that environment, from what we’ve seen, channel inventories remain elevated. We see promotional activity to sort of move units through distribution in particular. And as I said, customers are sort of waiting for -- to purchase for their immediate needs in this environment. In terms of pricing, you mentioned ASPs. Look, pricing has remained relatively stable across our businesses. If I stay on PCs for a moment, there’s a number of factors. Clearly, in this demand environment, we’ve seen a more competitive pricing environment. Consumer was the first clearly to see that pressure a couple of quarters ago, and it remains very competitive, and we saw the pricing environment get even more aggressive as the quarter progressed. I would call commercial also as very, very competitive right now given the slowdown we were describing. We’ve seen more aggressive pricing, particularly in the largest accounts as the quarter progressed. And so, that’s the backdrop, as you can imagine, from a supply chain standpoint, supply and demand are -- where they were out of balance last year, we’re now on more standard lead times across the portfolio, and we’re really in a position where what we sell is what we ship in any given quarter, and that’s the dynamic in CSG.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: I guess if I can just talk about the sort of initial thoughts that you provided on fiscal ‘24 and understand some of the challenges and headwinds on the top line. But, maybe if you can talk about what you’re thinking in terms of the sustainability of the gross margin, particularly I’m assuming some of the mix impact carries over on ISG versus CSG. And you’ve had a couple of quarters of sequential decline in OpEx here. But, as you sort of look forward, how are you trying to align your cost structure to that sort of demand environment that you’re thinking of? And sort of what are the puts and takes when we think about the rest of the P&L in fiscal ‘24?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey Samik, So look, I don’t want to get into talking through every line item. I mean, we gave you some early thinking just so you guys sort of think your way through what the P&L dynamics at a top line might look like. I’d highlight a couple of things though, right? So first, as it relates to gross margin stability and our OpEx, look, we’ll work our way through what margin dynamics will look like. We do expect right now that component costs are deflationary in the first half of next year with what we know today. We do think that the back half potentially may change just given some of the supply-demand balances that are out there as we work our way through the year. Obviously, in a declining demand environment, if there is a little bit of ASP pressure, which we would expect that we might see next year. However, I do think that if you look at our mix of products and where we’re focused on in markets, we’ve got, whether it’s due to configuration or attach rates in the client space or the fact that our servers that we’re shipping have a thicker content rate from a memory perspective, those would all be helpful as well. From an OpEx -- so margins, I think we’ll have to work our way through. OpEx, look, I think we’ve taken cost actions that have demonstrated the fact that we can control OpEx. And if anything that we’re very much focused on how do you manage your way through a complex environment like this, we will adjust our spend targets and our cost envelopes as appropriate to manage the P&L. So, I feel pretty confident in our ability to do so. The actions we’ve taken already, you can see them in the P&L, and we’ll continue to work our way through that. So look, I think it’s early to sort of talking full P&L at this point. Again, I just wanted to make sure you guys have some context around top line as we see it right now.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Amit Daryanani: I guess, I was really hoping you could talk a bit more about the ISG side and the performance this quarter. Is there a way to understand and look at ISG in aggregate or maybe even server and storage? How much of this growth is backlog versus end demand? And it sounds like the end demand was weak as one of the related slides goes 2 buckets up. And then Tom, I think you mentioned the OpEx headwind or the OpEx impact from the extra week in Q4. I could have missed this, but could you just tell us what the revenue benefit in Q4 as well from an extra week? Thank you.
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Amit, I mean, maybe I’ll jump in on the business. I’m not sure I have a ton to add to our prior answers other than to say, look, the server business, we saw slowing server growth. We had hinted at that -- not even hinted at that, stated that in Q2 and had anticipated coming into the quarter. I would say, look, it worsened over the course of the quarter vis-à-vis our Q2 earnings call. And therefore, our server revenue growth of 14% on the P&L was aided by server backlog reduction. And we would characterize server backlog is now roughly in its normal range. Storage is a bit of a different story. It fared better. We saw growth across multiple storage categories, high-end HCI, PowerStore. I would say storage backlog remains somewhat elevated relative to historical norms, given the larger business we’re in. And so, a little bit of different dynamics across server and storage, but all in all, a continuation of the trend that we saw in Q2.
Tom Sweet: As it relates to Q4, there is an extra week there given the dynamics of our fiscal year. Any impact of revenue/margin, and the results are already -- we’ve already embedded that in our guide. Obviously, if you think about an extra week, there is some level of incremental transactional demand that you get from some of our more transactional businesses, but a big majority of our business is also project and bid based, which doesn’t really get impacted by an extra week end of quarter. So, our guide envelops all of those above.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Aaron Rakers: I want to go back a little bit to the margin profile and maybe understand the dynamics of deflationary component costs and how quickly you’re being able to capture that in your server business. I guess in the context of just thinking about the pressure on the model, how do we think about the sustainability of that operating margin given very strong performance this last quarter in terms of ISG in that context.
Tom Sweet: Hey Aaron, it’s -- let me sort of try and unpack that for you a bit, right? So look, as Chuck -- Chuck has already highlighted what we saw from a pricing environment perspective. Obviously, we talked about the fact in Q2 -- in our Q2 call that to the extent that we saw that we’re in a component cost deflationary environment, we tend to do reasonably well from a margin perspective, given that we don’t move pricing as much as costs come down or the pacing of that is different. And I think that’s what we saw this quarter. So, we had lower input costs from component costs as well as logistics costs. We obviously priced for FX and some of the other dynamics that we saw in the environment. As a result of that, given the configuration and the amount of memory and storage we’re putting on the servers particularly led to some better-than-anticipated margins, I would say. And so, our ability to hold on to that -- over time, you obviously have to adjust pricing for some of those market commodities. But again, that’s only one element of the pricing stack and you get into things like mix and configuration as other impacts. I don’t know if Jeff -- maybe add anything.
Jeff Clarke: Maybe to add to that back to our model and inventory. We have a lower inventory model, one of the benefits of how we run the company since beginning. And it gave us availability to the lower cost component, I think, earlier than most. Our supply chain has executed well through this time. We had fewer mismatch sets. So, we were able to convert the demand shipments and the backlog shipments throughout the quarter. And as a result of that, we were able also to take advantage, as Tom said, lower freight rates, lower expedites, lower supplier premiums, and we’ve obviously benefited from that throughout the quarter.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Sidney Ho: My question is on cash flow. So, I noticed your first three quarters of the year in aggregate, free cash flow was negative. And you talked about building some strategic inventory in the last quarter. How do you think about Q4, by definition, for the rest of the year? And as we think through next year, do you expect cash flow to exceed your net income? I guess I am asking how long do you think it would take working capital to get back to normalized levels. Thanks.
Tyler Johnson: This is Tyler. I’ll take that one. So look, I think maybe just to start, if you think about the last couple of years, right, cash has been really strong, right? So, we were seeing that build given that negative cash conversion cycle, and we obviously benefit from that. I think what we’re seeing now is the opposite of that, right? And there’s two things happening, and you talked about it, right? So, we’ve got the contraction in the P&L, which is impacting cash and then working capital. And our intent, obviously, is to drive those working capital balances down, but we also don’t want to miss opportunities and you saw us take advantage of that this quarter, which impacted cash. Now, as I’m thinking into Q4, and I’m thinking it next year and recognize we don’t provide guidance, I think you have to keep that in context that, one, Tom has talked about that there will be some pressure in the P&L, and that will impact cash. But at the same time, we do have opportunities in working capital, and it’s quite substantial, right? So, we’ll be focused on driving that down. And obviously, that’s something we know how to do, and we’ll be smart about it. But that’s how I’m thinking about it.
Tom Sweet: Yes. And then, Tyler, I would -- look, we historically do generate cash and Q4 tends to be a seasonally stronger quarter for us. Now, we’ll have to work our way through this quarter. But look, I’m confident in the long-term model in terms of cash generation. It’s -- obviously, when we’re on a negative working capital or negative cash conversion cycle, when you get sequential revenue decline in the P&L, you’re going to use cash. And that’s what we’re seeing. But, team is managing its way through it. We’ve got work to do in inventory. Pleased with what we’re doing in receivables in terms of what that looks like in terms of the aging profile, collections, our ability to manage our way through it. So, it’s just one -- we’re in a cycle where we’re just going to have to work our way through it. But long term, I believe the model is intact.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Maybe just if we unpack the fiscal fourth quarter, the January quarter guide for a bit. Would just love to know maybe if you could double click on -- or elaborate on your comments on kind of pricing versus volume, whether we should think of both of those as a headwind or whether some of the richer configs helped to offset some of the discounting that you mentioned to allow pricing to still grow over a year. So, just really pricing versus volume comments for the January quarter.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, hey, as we think about the guide, right, so ‘23 to ‘24, ‘23, ‘25, obviously, at the midpoint of minus 16, we essentially say that we expect ISG to be roughly flat. That sort of implies that the client business or CSG is sort of in the negative -- minus mid-20 sort of year-over-year growth. Look, as we work our way through whether units versus ASPs, I’m not going to get into a lot of detail, but I want you to think a little -- if you think about margin dynamics in Q4 for a second, so you’ve got some seasonal dynamics that typically happen in our Q4. One, tends to be a stronger storage quarter for us given the corporate budget cycle, the calendar year corporate budget cycle that tends to be a positive in terms of margin dynamics. The flip side of that is you get into the holiday season. Traditionally, that has been a bit stronger from a consumer PC perspective, which has put, as you might imagine, shifts the mix a little bit and puts some -- a little bit of downward pressure on margin, coupled with -- we highlighted the fact that we did see some incremental commercial PC discounting in Q3, particularly in the third month of the quarter. And obviously, we have -- there are elevated inventory levels in the channel. So, we put it all together and quite frankly, we sort of think about margins from Q3 to Q4 at an aggregate level as being roughly flat. And then you couple that with the OpEx dynamic that I’m talking, we highlighted, that sort of gets the quite frankly, the P& L walk as you think about it.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Steven Fox, Fox Advisors. Please go ahead.
Steven Fox: I had a margin question also. I was just curious, when we look at sort of the big beat in gross margins this quarter, you mentioned a lot of different dynamics, including things that seem under your control a little bit, like configuration and content attach rates. So, how much were you able to manage the margins up versus just circumstance? And how much can we sort of think about Dell going forward in the tough environment, being able to manage the gross margins a little bit better? Thanks.
Chuck Whitten: Yes, let me start. I think, look, Q3 highlights -- I think it’s both the advantages of our model and very good execution in quarters. So look, foundationally, if you unpack Q3, clearly, we saw higher ISG mix. And as we’ve said, a relatively stable pricing dynamic. And that pricing dynamic is a combination on the PC side, richer configurations and a more favorable mix of product along with higher attach rates, helping offset PC unit declines. And then, on the server side of the business, higher content rates, so think memory, SSDs, richer GPUs, offsetting the unit pressure. So I think that’s just foundationally. But I think the real margin story is what we were talking about a couple of questions ago, with Q3 being deflationary and our lower inventory model, it allows us to access component deflation faster than the industry. And then when you couple that with our ability to see the demand signal quickly and react, we were able to lower OpEx as we put in the prudent cost controls that Tom described. So, those were the puts and takes across Q3. A lot of that is in our control. Some of that is the advantages of our model in this environment.
Jeff Clarke: Maybe to add to that, another view of inventory is we don’t have excess channel inventory. We’re not in a position of having to discount that, not in a position to have to promote that. We’re not in a position where you have to go chase volume. We have a conscious strategy in the high-price band [indiscernible] consumer and the focus on commercial. That gives us historically, and I think we’re seeing it today, an advantage in the market. So, we’re not having to respond to that discounting and promotional activity to burn down excess inventory. Plus by the fact that we have lower inventory, just as Chuck said, we were able to take advantage of lower input costs, component costs throughout the quarter. Coupled with that, like -- maybe I wasn’t clear earlier, but I think it’s worth emphasizing again, the logistics costs have come down. As supply now is ahead of demand, we’re able to put things on the ocean. We don’t have to expedite as much. We’re not using as much expedited air freight. Those all go into our input cost equation, which obviously helped us in the bottom line and the performance of this quarter.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: It’s actually Ruplu filling in for Wamsi today. Can you talk about the component shortage environment that is still affecting maybe ISG? And if anything, on the CSG side, did you have any revenue that you left on the table because you weren’t able to get all the parts? And then just on ISG, you talked about backlog reducing this quarter. How far would you say that we are out from backlog normalizing? And do you think you’ll get any support on that on the server side, or is it -- or the backlog is all on the storage right now? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let me try to break that down those multiple questions and at least as I think about supply and where some of the shortages are. If I look at the CSG business, again, largely a handful of minor exceptions, supply is ahead of demand across consumer PCs, commercial PCs, displays, docs, to the point that we’re now able to readjust our freight networks to take advantage of that. We’re in a good position. Servers, we had -- as the team mentioned, we talked about backlog and backlog reduction. I tend to think of it -- since you asked about supply, where are the hot spots in supply. They tend to be in power supplies, they tend to be in the power ICs and high-performance NICs. Those are still constraints in the marketplace today. I think we weathered the storm quite well throughout this period of time and particularly in Q3 and it allowed us to maximize server shipments. In storage, the shortages would be in these custom ASIC parts. So, think of it as FPGA, CPLDs, those types of devices. The best way we translate this to our customers is in the form of lead time. I don’t think -- I can’t remember the last time I was in front of you all and said the PC product line is essentially on standard lead time. It’s been a long path through this COVID supply chain challenge time to be able to say our PC product line is on standard lead time. Our server product line, a large percentage of that is on standard lead time, and it will improve throughout the quarter as well storage. So, if I think about it in terms of specific backlog, we are at normal backlog in PCs. I think we’re at normal to near normal backlogs in servers and a slightly elevated backlog in storage. I think that answered all three of your questions.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Simon Leopold: I wanted to see if you could maybe talk to the general idea of why storage would or would not be correlated to servers, in the sense that you’re seeing slowing demand in your server business, should that signal coming or threats to the storage business, or should we think of them as trending differently? And if so, why? Thank you.
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Look, Simon, I would say, look, we would never argue that storage is immune to the broader IT spending dynamics that are out there. What we would say is from where we sit right now, it’s held up better in our Q3. I think you’re right, historically, there’s been a correlation, but it tends to have less amplitude than, say, our commercial PC market or the server market. Clearly, right now, data is exploding. The world needs more storage. And so, when we flash forward to what’s implicit in our guidance, we’re anticipating a seasonally strong storage quarter in Q4. And so, I think while you’re right, historically, there’s been a correlation between our server and storage business, at least from where we sit right now, we’re still seeing strength in the storage market.
Jeff Clarke: And maybe one quick point to add is -- and we participate in the entire storage market, primary storage, data protection, increasingly the cyber resilience side as well as the HCI side. That broad portfolio, I think, helps us weather these cyclical changes more than others.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. I’m just trying to square how much worse incrementally and sequentially you think demand may get in fiscal Q4. So, when I kind of look at your numbers, typically, you’re up from Q3 to Q4 by 5-plus-percent. So, let’s say, $1 billion. An extra week will probably add a minimum of 5%. I get -- I know you have contractual business, but you have an extra week to deliver those on those contracts. So, that’s up another 5%. That’s $2-plus billion. So normal seasonality, you’d be up $2-plus billion, and you’re guiding basically to be down $1 billion. So it’s a $3 billion delta versus normal seasonality. So, I guess, a couple of questions. Does that imply that you see demand getting incrementally worse? And are you anticipating any backlog drawdown? I get it was $1.2 billion in the quarter, but that doesn’t explain the $3 billion delta versus normal adjusting for the extra week. So, are you expecting any backlog drawdown in Q4? And how elevated in dollar terms is the storage backlog relative to where server was, entering Q3? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey Toni, let me try and answer some of those questions anyway. So, as it relates to Q4, look, I think as we think about clearly, we’re projecting that the business continues to soften, right? I mean, I think that’s pretty apparent given the fact that I’m telling you now that we expect PC revenue to be sort of in the negative growth -- mid-20s year-over-year negative growth. I’m expecting client -- or I’m sorry, ISG to be roughly flat versus where they were this quarter. So the business is softening. I think we’ll manage our way through that like we always do. As it relates to the 14th week, there is a little bit of extra transactional demand in there. It’s not that significant. So, I haven’t done the math on your $3 billion or your -- that 5% comment. But look, what we’re trying to give you a point of view on is that we think demand does soften, right? And if you think about our guide for next year, that’s sort of court -- follows from there. As it relates to backlog, look, we don’t forecast what happens with backlog in terms of how we’re going to talk to the Street about it. But we’ve just talked about the fact that in general, backlog is back in normal ranges. Yes, in storage is slightly elevated. So if there’s any opportunity, it would be there, but that’s very much going to be dependent upon linearity of the quarter and how the storage orders come in, which has always been an interesting dynamic with the storage business for us. So, what we’ve told you is our best point of view at this point in time, and we’ll continue to manage the business tightly as a result. I don’t know if Jeff or Chuck, you’d add anything to that.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think it lies in the PC side. I just did a quick look in our webdeck. Last Q3, we did $16.6 billion of CSG revenue. This Q3, it’s $13 billion, [ph] there probably lies [indiscernible].
Toni Sacconaghi: The only thing I [indiscernible] explicitly, as you commented about service weakening during the quarter. You didn’t really comment that PCs were weakening throughout the quarter. And I’m wondering whether that was indeed the case because if it wasn’t, it’s not really clear why the guidance is where the guidance is, unless you’re expecting real changes in ASPs.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, I think we saw -- as you think back to our Q2 commentary, what we talked about the fact that we saw PCs -- consumer PCs have been soft, and we saw commercial PCs weakening. So I think that’s pretty self-explanatory.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Shannon Cross: Tom or Chuck, I’m not sure who mentioned it. I wanted to go back to one of the comments that was made, which is that you’re seeing increasing interest in subscription models. I don’t know if you can talk a bit about what customer bases are interested in them. How we should think about -- I know they’ll have a little bit of a dampening impact to revenue, but obviously locking in recurring revenue. So, maybe if you can just discuss a bit of what you’re hearing from customers. Thank you.
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Thanks, Shannon. It’s Chuck. I’ll start. Look, it’s -- that’s been our APEX business, which in Q2, we highlighted that we sort of hit the $1 billion milestone and saw it growing at a continued healthy rate and adding new customers. We’ve been consistent that we’re going to be thoughtful about how we discuss progress there. We’re not -- certainly not going to provide sort of quarter-to-quarter updates. And so, we can share metrics that can be traced clearly back to the P&L. But what I would tell you is interest remains very high in our subscription offers. We saw again triple-digit customer growth and healthy ARR growth in the quarter. And we continue to invest in the portfolio and our webdeck as a whole series of new APEX offers that we’ve released since we last spoke in August. We tend to see broad-based interest. Right now, it does tend to be concentrated at some of the larger companies in the medium-sized businesses in the world, but we’re getting a lot of interest in conversations from customers as they try to navigate this macro environment as you would imagine. It’s not sizable enough relative to our $100 billion trailing 12-month business to sort of go much more beyond that. We are getting a lot of customer interest.
Jeff Clarke: I’m sorry, Shannon. I was going to add the new backup target service that we just announced. It’s a pretty exciting offer. What we’ve done around expanding our geographic capability, and our channel capability and our customer managed option capability around ADSS, I think, is another extension that we can continue to grow on. And then the two as-a-service offers that we’ve extended one, the Red Hat offer that we announced back in September. And then secondly, the new one, which is the APEX high-performance computing service, I think, is another opportunity for us to grow. And I can tell you the pipeline is full of continued [ph] APEX offers.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Shannon. Hey Keith, we’ll take one last question, and then we’ll turn it back over to Chuck for closing comments.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our final question from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And I actually only have one question and that’s on your inventories. While they were up and you talked about a deflationary environment for the need to secure some pretty key components, which is understandable, can you talk to us about when you think you’ll actually kind of renormalize inventory and working capital, or is it just better simply to hold more because with the deflationary environment, you just kind of have to wonder here, but I understand there’s shortages?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey Jim. Look, I mean, it is my goal, and I think the goal of all of us here that we need to manage inventories down. We built it over the last couple of years given the supply chain dynamics going through the pandemic. In a deflationary environment, you clearly want to hold less inventory. And so, I’m not going to give you an exact time line on where we -- how this thing sort of unfolds. But I think absent the strategic buys we did this quarter, the inventory actually came down quite nicely. The strategic buys we did -- made economic sense. And so we -- that was the whole point behind that. So, I do think it’s going to be a few more quarters as we continue to normalize inventory. And then, we’ll have to evaluate this as we go in terms of what’s the right level, given the supply chain dynamics, and so, more to come on that. But in the meantime, over the next few number of quarters, we’re pretty focused on pushing inventory down from a working capital perspective.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks for that, Jim. Before we end the call, I’m going to leave you with a few final thoughts on behalf of the team, and then we’ll wrap. Look, we delivered strong performance over the last few years, and we delivered again in Q3. As we discussed today, Q3 highlights the advantages of our model. We see changes in the market first, and we react and position the business to outperform. So, in Q3, we took appropriate cost action. We drove share gain. We delivered very good profitability. We drove our innovation agenda forward, and we delivered against our capital return commitments. And that’s what we mean when we say that we can deliver differentiated results in any market environment. We do expect the demand environment to be challenging in the near term. But the long-term trends remain very much in our favor. And importantly, we have a seasoned leadership team led by Michael, Jeff and Tom, who have a strong track record of delivering across these challenging economic cycles. So, we’re going to stay focused on what we can control, and we remain committed to delivering differentiated results for our stakeholders as we did in Q3. So with that, we appreciate everybody joining us today, and look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-08-25 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Please stand by. Good afternoon. And welcome to the Fiscal Year 2023 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I’d like to inform all participants, this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Rob, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks everyone for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke; Chuck Whitten; and Tom Sweet. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website and I encourage you to review our presentation, which includes rich content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will be covered on today’s call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income and earnings per share. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. During the call today, Jeff will recap Q2, including the current demand and supply chain environments. Chuck will cover CSG and ISG operating performance, and Tom will cover our financial results and guidance. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us. In Q2, we executed well and delivered strong financial results, despite a rapidly changing and challenging macro environment. We also advanced our long-term strategy, growing the core while innovating for our customers and enabling their opportunities in the data era. We delivered record Q2 revenue of $26.4 billion, up 9%, with growth in both CSG and ISG, and diluted EPS was $1.68, up 14%. Our differentiated business model and execution enabled us to outperform in the segments we serve. And in calendar Q2, we gained PC share and expect to gain share in server and storage when IDC releases Q2 results. I’d like to take a couple of minutes and talk about the macros that provides important context for our remarks today. Since we last spoke in late May, our view of the demand environment through the back half of FY 2023 has changed. The demand environment slowed and pushed to the right over the course of the quarter, particularly in CSG. We saw a decline in PC demand as we went through the quarter, with higher ASPs, partially offsetting a unit decline. Our supply chain execution was excellent throughout the quarter and we were able to offset the CSG demand weakness with backlog reduction in CSG. We saw ISG demand while still growing slow and pushed throughout the quarter. The Q2 and second half macro dynamics have become more challenging as customers are taking a more cautious view of their needs given the uncertainty. We have responded swiftly by managing inventories down and reducing our expenditures. Now let me turn to the supply chain and innovation. Like Q1, we are still seeing shortage of parts and embedded integrated circuits, including power supplies and NICs. ISG backlog, particularly servers, remains elevated. PC backlog is now at normal levels as Q2 PC shipments significantly outpaced demand and the portfolio is on standard lead time across the board. On the cost front, we expect modest deflation in aggregate component costs in Q3 while logistics rates are beginning to decline. Our strength in ASPs over the last year have been a result of richer configurations and product mix, but the lower cost environment could have an impact. Turning to innovation, we are proud of the significant advances we have made in the first half of the year developing new solutions for our customers, expanding our multi-cloud ecosystem and delivering new cloud experiences that include all major public clouds. Project Alpine, which brings our enterprise-class data services into public clouds for bursting, test and development, cloud-based analytics and data and container mobility, the largest release in PowerStore history and the new PowerMax OS10 software, deliver more than 500 new Dell storage software advancements that help customers deliver faster insights, achieve better multi-cloud data control, and increase cyber resiliency. New APEX offerings, like Dell APEX Cyber Recovery Services, that extend beyond storage, compute and data protection and deliver APEX as a full-stack solution. And in CSG, we continue to deliver new commercial devices for our hybrid world, including the Latitude 9330, the world’s first laptop with a collaboration touchpad. We also recently celebrated 25 years of Precision innovation, driving many industry firsts along the way. I actually led the workstation business when we launched Precision, so I’m particularly proud of this one and our number one position worldwide. As we’ve highlighted, we’re also innovating in strategic growth areas like Telecom and I’d like to provide a few examples of our progress in this important area. In May, we announced that we joined forces with T-Mobile to make it easier for enterprises and government customers to embrace 5G. T-Mobile’s 5G Private Mobile Network combined with Dell’s edge computing technologies will bring customers the power of 5G connectivity on premise where they need it. In June, DISH marked a major milestone in building the world’s most advanced cloud-native 5G Open RAN network. They now offer 5G broadband service to over 20% of the U.S. population on a cloud-native network built on Dell’s open IT infrastructure, software and services. As we think about the second half of the year, we remain focused on what we can control, execution, relative performance, prudent cost management and delivering for our customers and shareholders like we did during Q2. What we have shown over the years is that regardless of the environment, we are agile and built to out-perform. Now let me turn it over to Chuck.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks, Jeff. We delivered strong financial results and excellent relative performance in CSG and ISG, while managing the shifting demand dynamics as the quarter progressed. Starting with CSG, we delivered record Q2 revenue of $15.5B, up 9%, with operating income at 6.3% of revenue. Consistent with our Q1 commentary, Commercial continues to fare better than Consumer. Commercial revenue grew 15%, while Consumer revenue declined 9%. An important measure of our success in any market environment is relative performance and we again drove differentiated share results. We gained over 200 basis points of worldwide PC unit share and over 100 basis points of display share in calendar Q2 according to IDC. We have now gained PC unit share in 34 of the last 38 quarters. And in Commercial PCs, our focus and the most profitable segment of the market, we gained over 300 basis points of unit share in calendar Q2 to claim the number one spot worldwide. Turning to ISG. We delivered another record Q2 with ISG revenue of $9.5B, up 12%, our sixth consecutive quarter of growth, with operating income at 11% of revenue. Servers and networking grew 16% and storage grew 6%, our seventh consecutive quarter of servers and networking growth and our fifth consecutive quarter of demand growth in storage. The breadth of our storage portfolio continues to be a competitive advantage, with number one positions across storage categories. The breadth of leading capabilities is a real differentiator for us, as one size fits all architectures simply do not meet customers’ diverse needs in the data era. In Q2, we saw modest storage demand growth with strength in the high end and in our marquee mid-range product PowerStore, which grew double digits and has grown every single quarter since launch. And in servers, we saw demand growth in most geographies albeit at a moderating pace. As Jeff mentioned earlier, we expect to gain server and storage share in calendar Q2 when IDC releases results in September. Finally in ISG, I’d call out our momentum on APEX, our offerings for customers looking to buy infrastructure as a subscription. Our APEX ARR is now over $1 billion and we grew orders 78% year-on-year in Q2, while adding almost 200 new customers. Customers like Federal Home Loan Bank in San Francisco, who is using APEX Private Cloud to support its growth and cloud strategy and realizing significant cost savings as the financial institution serves its members. And customers like Montage Health, who is using APEX Private Cloud to provide clinicians better access to critical applications and information for patient care and staff collaboration. Stepping back, the near-term market outlook is marked by mixed signals, as Jeff highlighted in his macro comments. That said, we remain confident in the long-term health of our markets and in our competitive position. There has been a clear and significant increase in the size of the PC market from pre-pandemic levels as hybrid work has become the default approach for companies worldwide. And automation and digital transformation remain the backbone of our customers’ strategies, necessary for productivity and growth. Done right, technology investments are key to competitive advantage in the data era and can reduce costs, while combating an environment with high inflation and labor shortages. So we remain confident in the long-term attractiveness of our core markets, in our opportunity to build meaningful new businesses in the data and multi-cloud era, and in our durable competitive advantages that enable us to out-compete in any environment. Now, I’ll turn it over to Tom for the financials.
Tom Sweet: Thanks Chuck. We delivered record Q2 revenue of $26.4 billion, up 9%, driven by strength in both CSG and ISG. We highlighted in late May that we thought FY 2023 would see a more robust infrastructure investment cycle while PC growth would moderate. While we did see modest infrastructure demand growth in Q2, we now see a more challenging ISG demand environment as we head toward the back half of the year. And in CSG, we are seeing demand weakness in both Consumer and Commercial. Overall gross margin was $5.7 billion, roughly flat and 21.4% of revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 200 basis points lower than last year, primarily due to an increase in our costs and FX headwinds not yet entirely reflected in pricing as we balanced profitability with competitive positioning. Operating expense was $3.7 billion, down 3% and 14% of revenue. During the quarter, we instituted a number of cost reduction measures including a slowdown in external hiring. Operating income was $2 billion, up 4% at 7.4% of revenue. Our tax rate was 19.9% and net income was $1.3 billion, up 9%, primarily driven by growth in operating income and a decline in interest expense due to our lower debt balances. Fully diluted earnings per share was $1.68, up 14% with diluted share count decreasing sequentially to 755 million shares as a result of repurchases. Note that our GAAP profitability was impacted by a $255 million net adjustment to the value of our strategic investment portfolio given market conditions and a $189 million charge related to exiting our business in Russia, both of which are primarily non-cash items. Our recurring revenue is approximately $5.2 billion a quarter, up 8%. Our remaining performance obligations or RPO is approximately $41 billion, up 2% and includes deferred revenue plus committed contract value not included in deferred revenue. Dell Financial Services originations were $2.3 billion, up 24% driven in part by our Technology Rotation Solutions. We have historically seen stronger originations when the macroeconomic environment slows and DFS ended the quarter with $13.5 billion in assets. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Our cash flow from operations was $700 million in Q2 and is $5.7 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Q2 cash flow was primarily driven by growth and profitability partially offset by a use of working capital. Working capital was impacted by an increase in receivables due to the timing of sales later in the quarter partially offset by a $400 million sequential reduction in inventory. The quality and aging of our receivables is strong and the team did a nice job on inventory this quarter, which will remain a focus as we move through the rest of the year. Our core debt balance is $16.1 billion and we ended the quarter with $7.1 billion in cash and investments, down $1.4 billion sequentially, principally due to $900 million in capital returns and a $300 million strategic investment portfolio write-down on a gross basis. We repurchased 13.6 million shares of stock in Q2 for $608 million and paid $242 million in dividends. Going forward, we will continue our balanced capital allocation approach, repurchasing shares programmatically to manage dilution while maintaining flexibility to be opportunistic like we were in Q1 and in Q2.  Turning to guidance, as Jeff highlighted, we’re seeing customers become more cautious given the current macro-economic environment. We saw a softening in CSG, specific to consumer and chrome in Q1. In Q2 the decrease in demand velocity extended to commercial client and we are seeing more cautious spending within our ISG business. Currency also continues to be a headwind for us, roughly 500 basis points for Q3 and roughly 400 basis points the full year. Against that backdrop, we now expect Q3 revenue between $23.8 billion and $25 billion, down 8% at the mid-point, with CSG declining in the high-teens and ISG growing in the low-teens. We do expect gross margin rates to increase sequentially as mix shifts to ISG. Given the cost controls we have in place, we expect OpEx spend to be down versus Q2. For our non-GAAP tax rate, you should assume 20% plus or minus 100 basis points. We expect diluted share count to be roughly 750 million shares to 755 million shares. Netting this out, we expect diluted EPS in the range of $1.53 to $1.79, flat year-on-year at the midpoint. The environment we saw in late May translated to a 6% growth expectation for the full year, with diluted EPS growing 12%. Given the change in the demand environment, our current view for FY 2023 is revenue flat to up 2%, with diluted EPS between $6.60 and $7, up 9% at the midpoint. In closing, we delivered strong second quarter financial results but are more cautious as we enter the second half. We are actively managing our costs and spending and we remain focused on what we can control, executing our strategy to consolidate and modernize our core and build new growth engines that enable our customers’ multi-cloud future. And we expect to deliver revenue and EPS growth with strong free cash flow to our shareholders over time. Now, I’ll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s go ahead and get to Q&A. We are going to ask each participant to stick to one question, so we can get to as many analysts as possible. Operator, can you go ahead and take the first question?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. I’m just wondering if you can elaborate on the kind of linearity you saw in the quarter, specifically like was the book-to-bill greater than 1 in the first month and well below 1 in months two and three? And your demand outlook seems strikingly more cautious than some other enterprise peers like Cisco and NetApp, and I’m wondering why you might think that your view is somewhat different from what they are seeing?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Toni. Look, let me start and I’ll ask Jeff and Chuck to chime in as appropriate. Look, as it relates to Q2 and how the quarter flowed, what we saw shortly, the typical pacing in a quarter is that, it builds -- pipeline builds and converts as we go through the quarter more so as we get to the mid and late in the quarter. What we saw in Q2 was pipeline particularly in the client business did not build and/or pushed to the right. We also saw ISG demand our pipeline pushing to the right. So from a linearity perspective, typically, the month two of the quarter is when we typically would see bigger velocity growth in the pipeline and we, quite frankly, did not see it this quarter. And what we saw, as we highlighted in our talk track, is just an overall cautiousness with our customer base as they’re sorting through the macro dynamics. So as a result of that, I mean, clearly, as we talked about in May, we had expected that we would see softer CSG demand, but we actually saw softer -- demand actually much softer than what we had seen, particularly for commercial clients. And because of that, as we talked about, although we had elevated CSG backlog, we did reduce backlog as part of our shipment profile for client in Q2. Look, as it relates to our cautiousness around enterprise demand or infrastructure, all we can tell you is what we see. And as a reminder, since we have the largest direct selling organization of all of the technology companies, we feel like we have a pretty good pulse on sort of current demand and environment. And we’re just seeing more cautiousness on the -- on behalf of the customers, as they’re sorting through spend, as they’re thinking through projects, we are seeing projects come to fruition. They’re taking longer to close and the size of the projects are somewhat reduced from what we’ve seen in the past. Jeff, Chuck, I don’t know if you’d add anything to that.
Chuck Whitten: Yeah. Maybe, Toni, I’ll add a little observation from what we’re hearing from customers on enterprise dynamics. I think, look, texturally, if I start with the PC business, Commercial customers are just citing multiple reasons for sort of delaying purchases. That’s caution around future hiring, trade-offs within their IT budgets given the macroeconomic uncertainty, customers reducing the size of orders and buying for only immediate requirements, but the net was we saw a meaningful shift in corporate sentiment over the course of the quarter. I think ISG dynamics were a bit different. So we saw demand growth in both servers and storage but at a moderating rate as just more caution entered the environment. So where Commercial PC spending paused, infrastructure spending split, companies are putting more scrutiny on spend. As Tom said, deals took longer to close throughout the quarter and we generally just saw more deliberate customer behavior. So what you see us calling out today is us trusting that better demand signal that Tom cited and what we’re hearing from customers.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Toni. Next question.
Toni Sacconaghi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking my questions. I just wanted to get your take on your ability to main kind of pricing power as some of these demand trends now start to flow through the business. Do you believe you have pricing power more so in one business versus the other, maybe by product, I would love to just have you guys tease that question out a little bit more? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, Erik. This is Jeff. Maybe a couple of comments, I’ll start with PCs and work our way through the product line. I think it’s important in PCs when you look at our mix of business being Commercial versus Consumer or more weighted towards Commercial versus Consumer, we get a natural uplift there. And we’re seeing, while we commented demand is slowing, richer configurations we saw consistently through the quarter, primarily from our premium products like our Latitude notebooks, our Precision class of workstations. So we’re seeing a higher mix of our higher end products, as well as richer configurations and I think that bodes well long term when you think about where we play. Then in addition, because of how we do business that you know very well, but I think it’s worthwhile mentioning, our ability to attach software and peripherals, our ability to attach services and financing options to those PCs, I think, is a differentiated capability over anyone else in the marketplace. So while the market may be softening as we’re referring to, our ability to continue to outperform with the quality of mix, the quality of our business, the mix towards Commercial and richer configurations we feel good about. Similar trend in servers, if you think about the growth of our ASPs over time in servers, they’ve expanded, driven by our ability to drive richer content, by selling deeper into the data center, selling higher value workload solutions around GPUs as an example, driving artificial intelligence-related workloads across our servers, we’re getting richer and greater content in each and every server and because of the challenges that we’ve had with supply for the better part of six quarters now, we’ve been able to pass through the incremental inflation that’s been associated with servers to end users. And similar in storage, we think storage is an opportunity for us to continue to drive higher revenue. We have the broadest portfolio in the marketplace. We cover every aspect of the storage market from a high end to the mid-range, to the entry level, to the unstructured space, to the data protection space, all highly valuable categories in storage, which allows us to drive differentiated revenue in our storage business.
Erik Woodring: Okay. All right. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Sure.
Rob Williams: Next question.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thanks for taking the question.
Rob Williams: Hey, Justin, next question.
Simon Leopold: Yes. I’d like to see what kind of actions you might be taking in response to the slowing, whether it’s maybe increasing promotions on PC, i.e., cutting prices, or whether you’re looking to reduce your OpEx and I guess part of this is I’m trying to get a better sense...
Jeff Clarke: Yeah. No doubt that I am other one. We’ll take a 5-minute break. Justin, can you hear us on your end?
Operator: Yes. Yes, sir. I can hear you. I can hear you loud and clear. Are you able to hear us?
Jeff Clarke: The last question dropped out. We’re going to take a 5-minute break and shift to another phone. So we’re going to pick this call back up at 3 minutes after the hour approximately.
Rob Williams: Okay. Operator…
Jeff Clarke: And we’ll just pick it up with the next question in the queue.
Operator: Absolutely. Everybody, just please stay on the line and we’ll just resume shortly. And once again, we are just taking a brief break with Dell Technologies. Please just stand by and remain on the line and we should resume shortly. We do thank you. Okay.
Rob Williams: Justin, you there?
Operator: Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. We are back in the call.
Rob Williams: Okay. Can we continue with Simon’s question?
Operator: Absolutely. Just one moment.
Jeff Clarke: Just a second.
Operator: All right. And your line -- caller your line is open again. Please resume with your question. Thank you.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thanks. Hopefully, you can hear me. I wanted to ask about what actions you might be taking in response to the weakening environment, specifically, whether you’re looking to cut operating expenses. I know you guided for sequentially lower but something more permanent or whether you’re adding promotions to PCs, cutting prices, trying to get a better sense of what your response is to the weakness from those perspectives? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey. Thanks, Simon. It’s Tom. So let me just -- I’ll start and ask Jeff or Chuck to chime in as appropriate. So, look, first, let me just say, Simon, as you know, we’ve seen economic cycles before and I think the teams and the company’s ability to navigate, it’s -- has -- it’s pretty much -- we’ve got a long track record of doing so and optimizing the business as we go. So as we think about sort of sets of actions that we’re driving right now, obviously, we saw the weakening environment. We have instituted a number of cost measures as a result of that, including effectively limiting external hiring. We’ve looked at discretionary spending and have pulled that back. All the normal type things that you would do from an OpEx perspective, quite frankly, when you see environment starting to soften and we’ll continue to monitor that as we shape the P&L to the best of our ability to make sure we deliver profitability that’s in line with our expectations. From a pricing perspective, though, in terms of how do you think about what do you do from a price perspective or a promotional perspective. I think we’re going to be very thoughtful as we do that only around the fact that in the environment, as we see right now, particularly in Consumer, we don’t see a lot of elasticity. And so we’re going to be very direct and directed in any promotional spend that we do, principally focused on how do you think about product in the channel and things of that sort of that we have some of, although clearly not as much as our competitive set. So I do think you’re going to see us continue to be disciplined in pricing. We’ll be -- I am pretty low to test elasticity right now, given what I think the environment looks like, but we also need to remain competitive and so we’ll be watching the market dynamics pretty closely from a pricing perspective. Maybe, Jeff, I’d add you -- ask you to add a few things.
Jeff Clarke: Yeah. I mean I would add, Tom, I think, we have demonstrated discipline in pricing. Our product portfolio on to go across the three is in price position. Our win loss at each type of segment, whether small business, medium business, large corporation or global remain consistent and consistently good as we believe that our share gains over the past decade. So we’re going to remain disciplined there in PCs. Consumer is aggressive, as Tom said, given what is happening in the marketplace. We are not that tilted, if you will, or biased towards consumer and where we play in consumer tends to be in the premium side and the gaming side, which tend to be less competitive. It tends to be an area where we have a differentiated advantage. The same is true on the Commercial side, as I mentioned in the last question. When we move our way towards servers, the pricing environment is relatively benign. The pricing environment, we have large backlogs, we have demand ahead of supply, because of what the supply chain has gone through for the past six plus quarters. And we see that pricing environment or the pricing environment there enables us to pass along our increased costs, as I mentioned, and the same is true on storage. And then even when you step back, I’d ask all of us to reflect back, note on being ushered down here, sorry, as we work our way through this change in demand, we are unbelievably optimistic about the long-term. Hybrid work is here to stay, which drives higher mobile mix, which drives greater configurations and more peripherals. PCs are more pervasive in the education system worldwide. We’re approaching the three-year replacement cycle of what we put in to respond to COVID and triaging the work-from-home event from three years ago and we’re still starting at a market that’s larger than it was pre-COVID, which we’re excited by. And then you look at what’s happening on the infrastructure side, the world continues to digitize at a nonlinear rate, data is being created at unprecedented levels, we had data gravity pulling the infrastructure resources out to the edge, the new digital highways being built with 5G. So we absolutely are very bullish and optimistic about the long-term characteristics of the marketplace.
Rob Williams: Great. Thank you, Simon.
Simon Leopold: Thanks, Jeff.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Jeff. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about Project APEX. You’re over $1 billion now. Curious as to the response from customers, it seems that ratable or Infrastructure as a service might be something that would be more attractive if we are going into a downturn, which appears we are. So maybe if you can talk about how you think about growth. And then also, how we should think about margin potential for that business, as it becomes albeit a small part now, but a bigger part of your revenue over time? Thank you.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks, Shannon. It’s Chuck. Good to hear from you again. I’ll start and let the team layer on. Look, as you said, we’re pleased with our momentum on APEX and we’re excited to share the milestones today. APEX ARR is now approximately $1 billion, we grew orders 78% year-on-year in Q2 and we added 200 new customers. If you dissect it a bit, we’ve seen a lot of strength in our custom solutions. So our APEX Flex on Demand offer, that’s effectively customized infrastructure across storage, server, HCI, data protection with committed and then buffer capacity. And also our APEX data center utility offer, which is effectively customers that want to move all or part of their data center to a Dell managed pay-per-use model. And as you said, look, in the current macro environment, we’re naturally seeing lots of interest from customers who are looking to manage cash outlays by pivoting to a pay-as-they-go scale on-demand type model. So really good momentum in the business. Look, from a P&L and reporting and growth and margin, we don’t want to get ahead of ourselves. We’ll continue to report out periodically on our progress, like we did today, and we’re going to continue to remain focused on extending the offer set in APEX and hitting our technical milestones. So, more to come from us on APEX.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Shannon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess, as I sit here, I think, a lot of people are going to look to come away from this call with what they can maybe read across, obviously, Dell, a very important company, both in enterprise and Consumer. So I wondered if maybe starting with the Commercial the enterprise side of things, if you could give us any further color or double-click on the types of customer, maybe where you’ve seen this slowdown, are these large enterprises smaller? Any kind of trends you see that might help us learn what’s going on in the environment. And then likewise, in consumer, even though there’s less exposure, I know you guys have a lot of good data there. One thing in particular on consumer we’re interested in is higher end consumers, do you think that you’ve seen any evidence that those are weakening? Thanks a lot.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, Rod. Jeff, I’ll take a run at this and then Tom and Chuck can certainly add. If we start with just Commercial PC or enterprise, as you described. I think we said it in a variety of ways, but I try to make it crystal clear. One of the things that we had seen through the quarter, and Tom, referenced how the pipeline did not build through the quarter as expected and as it most traditional or historically does, we saw the buying characteristics of large companies slow or what we call large bids and the large bid part of our business slowed and what large bids we did have were a smaller size. And as Chuck said in his comments, which I think are very appropriate, what we saw was the corresponding -- that’s a corresponding behavior of customers buying to their more urgent needs, not their future needs that they were being very cautious because of the macro environment we are all operating in, and that made its way down through the large multinationals, to the large corporations and across our customer set. SB and NB were least impacted or at least impacted in that way on a relative basis. So they performed better on a relative basis, which is encouraging, but large businesses primarily in both servers and in PCs were the ones that slowed as those large bids became less frequent and more of smaller size and that was the challenge throughout the quarter. On Consumer, we didn’t really -- we don’t compete in the very low end of that marketplace and that’s certainly what you’ve seen now as, I’m sure your channel checks tell you that the channel has ample inventory, the competitiveness in Consumer has grown because of the ample inventory. And certainly, you’re seeing that in some of the other reported earnings through the last couple of weeks. In terms of the high end gaming and the XPS business or premium consumer as we like to call it, I mean, certainly, we’re impacted. You can’t have a consumer business that has exposure to those two subcategories to not be impacted. They were impacted less. I think that answers your question. If I didn’t, I’ll give -- break Rob’s rule here and let you qualify it a little more.
Tom Sweet: Okay. Hey, Jeff. Maybe let me add on in terms of, you did a great job talking about the PC demand from an enterprise or ISG infrastructure demand perspective. As we said in our talk track that, look, we did see ISG demand moderate across the quarter in terms of the overall demand growth. What we are seeing is customers with decision cycles elongating customer deal size reducing, and quite frankly, pipeline pushing a little bit. Obviously, digital technologies is an underlying theme and trend is here to stay and we do see customers that are continuing to spend, just in the overall environment is cautious. And so as we thought about, quite frankly, what informed some of our guide is that we look back and thought about where we were in May versus where we are now. Although we still see ISG demand sort of in that low double or ISG revenue, I should say, in the low-double digits for the year. It is a bit softer, and quite frankly, as we talked about backlog and elevated backlog within ISG, that’s -- as we think about the back half of the year, that’s an area that will probably bring backlog down as we go through the year depending upon ultimate demand signals and supply chain.
Rod Hall: That’s great. Okay. I’m afraid of, Rob, so I don’t want to break his rules, so I appreciate all that detail.
Rob Williams: Okay. Thanks, Rod.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And I’m not smart enough to ask more than one question, so I’ll stick to one. And that is…
Rob Williams: That we decided.
Jim Suva: … with these delays, is your sense that there’s an opportunity for share shifts that will actually favor Dell, are there some actual surprise cancellations you’re having, is it kind of a quarter or two pause here or any sense about share shifts in this pause of duration? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hi. We didn’t hear the first couple of words of your questions. If you could set that up again, that would be very helpful, please.
Jim Suva: You bet. So with these pause that you said about demand, do you think that there’s big share shifts occurring or technology transitions that companies are pausing on, especially on the enterprise side or do you think that companies are like customers canceling their orders and plans and the duration? I’m just trying to get a sense about, is it just changing more quickly and more broader than what one may think?
Tom Sweet: Well, I think, we can’t underestimate the impact of the macro environment that we are operating in and companies being cautious, and that cautionary view is impacting how fast things will be built out in the future. Again, I think our characterization would be companies are buying to their urgent and immediate needs. I won’t say they’re postponing their longer term build-outs, but they’re actually reevaluating the timing of those and I think that’s probably an important way to think about it. The notion of digital transformation, the world digitizing the things that I referenced a few moments ago are still here for us. We’re going to live in a world that is clearly more connected, more distributed, building data everywhere with data-driven sites and that’s going to require technology to bring to life. I think an immediate opportunity, I think, our direct model in the way that we operate and how I think agile and nimble we are, we typically do well when markets are up and we typically do well when markets are down. So our direct model has allowed us our belief with our listening posts to see this early, position our company appropriately and we intend to take share in the marketplaces we serve and we think we’re positioned to do that. And the ability to help, if you will, soft land some of the units slow down by having a model that or access to the market that allows us to sell higher end configurations across PCs, servers and storage and attached peripherals, services and financing, I think, gives us an advantage in a marketplace that maybe, I’ll use your word, pausing. We would prefer the word slowing for the reasons that I outlined. I hope that helped.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much.
Chuck Whitten: Yeah. Yeah. I mean I can’t help myself but to say, to build up Tom’s prior conversation and our -- what we can control in our playbook in these times of economic uncertainty. Look, we have a playbook that has worked over multiple cycles. That is basically we’re going to focus on what we control and we’re going to position to play offense in this market and that is we intend to accelerate our strategic position in both our core businesses and in these adjacent businesses. So while we saw…
Jim Suva: Yeah. I anticipate, if I call it [inaudible].
Tom Sweet: We are often…
Jim Suva: Yeah.
Tom Sweet: Often will…
Chuck Whitten: Right.
Jim Suva: For Q1 it is lesser plan…
Tom Sweet: So…
Chuck Whitten: Yes. Okay. Go ahead. Yeah. Sorry, just to finish my thought. Look, I think, the cost actions that we took in Q2 that were incredibly prudent were also strategic and not uniformly applied. So we maintained our critical innovation investments. We made critical investments in our priority growth businesses like telecom edge and multi-cloud and we stay externally focused. As Jeff said, we’re a company that has gained 570 bps of commercial unit share over the last five years, almost 600 in mainstream servers and are the number one leader in storage. We -- that -- this is an opportunity for us and that’s how we’re trying to position.
Rob Williams: All right. Great. Thank you Jim. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. I want to go back to kind of Rod’s question a little bit. I guess, if I were to look at the guidance, I think you said low-teens on the ISG segment this quarter. I’m assuming that implies year-over-year growth. It doesn’t seem like that’s really dissimilar to normal seasonality, actually, I think you could even argue it’s a little bit above seasonality.
Tom Sweet: Yeah.
Aaron Rakers: So I guess my question is, is if we look at this next quarter and even the quarter after that, should we think about, like, backlog just burning down relative to demand deteriorating and just help me bridge that bridge between what’s going on with backlog versus what you’re actually seeing as far as slowing ISG demand?
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Hey, Aaron. That’s actually what I was alluding to, right? So the setup of this conversation, if you think about what we just talked about in Q2 was moderating ISG demand as we went through the quarter and so our expectation is that moderating demand continues. I think if you look overall for -- into the back half of the year, we -- particularly in the ISG space, you got to think about these things separately. We are a bit more optimistic about storage demand than we are about server demand at this point. And my comment around how we frame the guidance and the components of the guidance, particularly within ISG, has ISG growing sort of in that high-single digits, low-double digits through the back half of the year, principally both through whatever the current demand generation is in that quarter and then with elevated backlog using backlog to drive incremental shipments, all of this obviously predicated on the supply chain being there. I think we have more confidence in the availability in the supply chain, particularly in the ISG supply chain. Jeff, I don’t know if you’d add anything to that.
Jeff Clarke: No. I think you called it out correctly. As we look at the second half and the demand environment that we’ve been talking about from a supply chain perspective, the things that have impeded us to be able to ship what we sell in any given quarter, we believe are clearing the way in the second half of the year, which is what we’re supposed to do in the supply chain organization. So working through the things that I’ve called out in the past the voltage regulators, embedded controllers, the associated ICs with the power supplies and the NICs are line of sight to them in the second half of the year continues to improve and we’re in a good supply position.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Last quarter, you talked PCs could be about 330 million units. I was wondering if you could give us an update on your current view in 2022 and maybe any early thoughts into 2023. And if we look at your free cash flow, right, your LTM free cash flow is very impressive, but over the last six months, it’s been negative. As you look through this weakening demand environment and particularly declining revenues in CSG, I know you’ve got elevated levels of inventory as well. So there are quite a few moving pieces. So any help you can give us in trying to think through as you burn through that inventory and look at the elevated backlog, the rate and pace of that being off, how we should be thinking about your potential free cash flow generation over the next couple of quarters?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Wamsi, I’ll address since I’m the 1 that put 330 out there on our last call where our current thinking is. So I’m sure you saw last night that IDC came out with their new forecast, certainly, a significant change. Second half, obviously, particularly changed in the market now and their definition of roughly 305 million units, which I believe takes the market down on their side or just under 13%. Our view, so tying it to the 330 that I talked about last time, our view is built on a proprietary model. That proprietary model uses many industry sources, that uses what we learn from our supply base and what we hear from our customers and our model is a little more pessimistic than that. We’re centering around 290 million units for the year, roughly 151 million sold in the first half of the year. You can do the math of how you get or what it would be in the second half. So we have the second half down more than IDC does based on our insight, our listening posts and our proprietary model that allows us to at least manage and navigate the business. So that’s our current outlook, 290 million. It will be wrong tomorrow. The precision of these tools isn’t that specific to the decimal, but it is an approximation of where we think the market is now in driving our behavior.
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Wamsi. Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question will come from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess maybe if I think about the back half expectations that you have for ISG, could you just maybe talk about what are you seeing in storage versus servers and one is more weaker versus other, that would be really helpful to understand? And then, Tom, if revenues are down the way you’re alluding to the back half, can we still have positive free cash flow generation back half of the year?
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Let me take that. Let me start with just the storage side. So, look, we’re pleased with the storage performance. You saw that fifth consecutive quarter of demand growth in storage and that streak is now extended to the P&L, we’re 6% growth in Q2 after 9% growth in Q1, so that’s 8% growth for the first half. Look, I think, we saw strength across a number of portions of our portfolio. Our breadth of portfolio continues to be an advantage and so we saw growth in storage around the high end, PowerStore continued to grow, entry, unstructured. And I’d sort of call out that as we’ve said in the past, the storage business can be lumpy in any one quarter, and if we pull the lens back to the first half, our core storage business, data protection, hyperconverged infrastructure businesses all grew at a very healthy clip. So looking ahead on storage, we would say, look, we do see demand growth moderating as the caution that enters the environment sort of extends to storage. But from where we sit today, we see more moderation in server buying than in storage buying and so we do expect storage demand growth again in Q3.
Rob Williams: All right. Great. Thanks. Thanks for the question. Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks for taking my question. My question is on the margin side of things. I think last quarter, you expect the gross margin to be kind of flattish in Q3 and up slightly in Q4. Given what you’re seeing right now and also the incremental foreign exchange headwinds, how are you seeing gross margin trending and also while you’re at it, can you talk about what your expectations by operating -- by segment in terms of operating margins, given your comment on reducing expenditures? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Sidney. Let me talk about the margin dynamics that we’re seeing and I won’t parse it down to an operating segment level. But at an aggregate level, if you recall what we said in the guidance when we talked about this in May, we expected Q2 gross margins to decline given the mix of the business, given foreign currency, again, some of the backlog dynamics and effectively that’s what you saw happen in the Q2 results. What we just said in the guidance for Q3 was that we do expect operating our gross margin, excuse me, to increase in Q3, just given the mix of the business, the pricing actions that we have taken to try to offset the currency, although that continues to be dynamic. But we think the mix of the business is helpful and we mix a bit more towards commercial PCs in the back half of the year as well. So our expectation right now with what we know today is that gross margins move upward in Q3 and then relatively stable as you go through the remainder of the year.
Rob Williams: Great. All right. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Good afternoon. Just wanted to clarify a couple of things you said on storage or just maybe understand time line. So I understand what you said looking back on mix and trends and how you’re still seeing overall demand growth and the broad advantages in the portfolio. But when you think about mix over the next two to three quarters, can you sort of dig into that and what sort of some of these macro pressures might mean for the overall storage mix going forward? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, let me try to work my way to that question. So I think we’ve tried to say that as we think about our businesses, we’ve talked about the PC business and the demand, the forward-looking server part of our business and its associated demand. And I think Chuck just referenced, we expect the storage business -- storage marketplace to grow in the mid-single digits and we expect to gain share and outperform the market. Where are the sources of that performance? The sources of those performance are going to be our number one positions across the portfolio. We’re a market leader in the high end. We just put Version 4 of PowerMax into the marketplace. It’s unmatched in the market and we continue to believe we can grow that. PowerStore, Chuck made some references of how PowerStore is doing. It’s nearly half of our midrange mix now, 24% of the customers are new. We just put our third software release into the marketplace with a new controller. We now have a feature that certainly, we wish we have had earlier, but it’s now in the marketplace, a native MetroSync replication. We don’t have any market deficiencies in the mid-range and we have the most modern architecture in the marketplace and we expect to lean on that. Our PowerScale and structured product is new. Our PowerFlex software-defined storage product is unmatched in the marketplace. Those are going to be sources where we go drive differentiated growth and attempt I believe we’ll be successful in outperforming the marketplace.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jeff. I think in addition to that, given the product portfolio that we have, there’s a couple of macro things that help us as well. Clearly, the mainframe refresh cycle so the high end are PowerMax should benefit from that. Now it’s early innings, but we do expect there to be some benefit as a result of that and the reality of the world is that data is still getting created. So the need and the ability of a company to store data continues to grow and with the solution capabilities that you just outlined in our positioning in the market, I think, we feel pretty good about the opportunities.
Jeff Clarke: Right. And maybe if you think about it, I think, I mentioned this before, but if you summarize that, our priorities in the storage business are really consolidating the high end with the best product in the marketplace. Innovating and taking share in the mid-range where we are the market leader, but want to create more space and then lead in the HCI and software-defined infrastructure business. So we have the leadership position in all three and we continue to lean on them to grow.
Steven Fox: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Rob Williams: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in. I guess you’ve mentioned a few times on the call that you’ve obviously managed the business to economic downturns in the past as well. I was just curious if you can talk about parts of the business that will be countercyclical, I know financial services was called out as one and particularly as some of the slowing reverses from your customers, hopefully, in some time, where should we expect to see the rebound first, any insights on that from your experience? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Hey. Let me start and then the guys can jump in here. As you think about what might be countercyclical in our business, you rightly pointed out that what we have seen in the past with DFS is the kind of macro uncertainty or macro weakness, customers tend to want to preserve cash balances and liquidity opportunities and move towards financing, and clearly, the originations that we saw in DFS this quarter are opportunities for us. So I would also talk point you to thinking about APEX is an opportunity, right, in terms of the as a service and subscription frameworks that many customers are interested in, the lack of preservation of capital or CapEx is an opportunity to lean into APEX, which will be interesting for us. If you think about sectors or verticals within the marketplace and you think about the macro dynamic that’s going on right now and where governments, in particular, are spending money or where investments are going into in within the government space, the defense sector, education and health care within the government space are interesting opportunities depending upon how budgets get released and how they flow. You’ve seen the macro around energy and so investment flowing into the energy verticals and energy companies will require infrastructure build out. So there are a number of areas within this broad context of a slowing economy that are interesting to us that we are -- we will exploit as appropriate to try and drive velocity. I would also remind you that Jeff highlighted in his conversation around supply chain that we expect deflationary component costs in Q3. Obviously, you guys have been following this industry for a while and know that in times of deflationary component costs, historically, we’ve tended to do well in those types of opportunities as we think about margin opportunity there. So look, we’ll have to navigate through it. It’s what we do. But I’m confident that we’ll be positioned to take advantage of any growth vectors that are out there.
Rob Williams: All right. Great. All right. We have got Operator one last question and we will wrap it up.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Co.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Stephen [ph] calling on behalf of Krish. Just one question on ISG server refresh later this year. Obviously, the new x86 server chips that are coming out this year are probably one of the most anticipated product releases. Can you talk about your customer feedback on expected demand a year within the context of macro slowing and also just given that AMD-based service systems have increased as a percentage of the overall market, but do you anticipate your portfolio to also be in line with that? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Well, let me see if I work my way through that. So we talked about a slowing server demand independent of technology and architecture. It’s probably we’re saying for the last six quarters, we’ve been in a growth mode. The sector has really grown for us. It’s been seven quarters in a row and you’ve seen this massive consumption of infrastructure. In this case, we’re talking about servers. Servers, we benefited from that by taking tremendous share in this marketplace. So I look forward, as we get through the consumption cycle and I’m not here I can’t cast how long that consumption cycle is going to be delayed or paused as we go through what’s called a digestion period. We’re poised quite well when the consumption button gets turned back on again. We’ll have refresh products, both classes of x86 architectures. We’ll be in a performance position of the progress we’ve made strategically across high-value workloads. Our ability to sell deeper into the data center, what we’re doing in the software defined space across the Board, I think, positions us quite nicely to take advantage of when that consumption period resumes. I can’t forecast that. We talked about the demand slowing. We didn’t say it was stopped. So I think that’s an important notification. And the longer term attributes continue to really drive a demand, a multi-cloud world, a decentralized world, a data-intensive world, a world that requires more data-driven insights, automation and embedded intelligence. Those are the things that we built for our customers. So longer term, I feel really good. I’m not a market forecaster in terms of what happens in the next period of time, but we’re positioned quite well.
Chuck Whitten: Very good. We had a couple of second questions that I intentionally didn’t address that were related to cash flow. And I just feel like it’s probably better that we just hit those. So Tom questions on cash flow in the second half, given the linearity and demand dynamics.
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Look, obviously, I think, it was Amit pointed out that over the first half of the quarter or first half of the year, we’ve seen free cash flow sort of a bit softer, given some of the sequential dynamics in demand dynamics and revenue dynamics in the business. So as we think about the back half of the year, we will generate free cash flow. Yeah, our model, as you guys all know, is when we expand revenue with our negative working capital model, we tend to generate a lot of cash flow when revenue demand or revenues flatten you tend to have a little bit of a pullback in that. We’ve got a number of actions in place right now, particularly around how do you think about driving working capital down to drive more efficient utilization of working capital. You saw our inventory came down $400 million in the quarter. We’ll continue to work our way through that being cognizant of ensuring that continuity of supply and supply capabilities are there to help us serve our customers. We did build receivables this quarter doing some of -- as a result of some of the sales linearity that we saw the receivable agings in great shape. We’re not seeing any signs of stress from the customer base there at this point and so we’ll work hard to get that back in the profile. Tyler, what else would you add to that?
Tyler Johnson: No. I would probably just add. I mean, look, if you look back over the last several years, obviously, it’s been a great demand environment, and we benefited from working capital efficiency and you saw our free cash flow conversion to net income was well above 1 time, right, and obviously, that’s our target, although I would say for this year, given where we are and what we’re seeing, I would expect us to be below that 1 time target. But we’ll obviously migrate back towards that over time.
Jeff Clarke: All right. Thanks, Tyler. That wrapped the call today. Just as a reminder, we’ll be at a multitude of conferences this quarter with additional IR activities in Asia and Europe. So we look forward to seeing you when we’re out on the road and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-05-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2023 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Incorporated. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Incorporated. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Jermiria, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Chuck Whitten, Tom Sweet and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website. And I encourage you to review these presentation materials, which include rich content to complement our discussion this afternoon. Guidance will also be covered on today's call. During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, which include non-GAAP revenue gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise noted. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. During the call today, Jeff will recap Q1 and innovation highlights from Dell Technologies World, along with the current demand and supply chain environments. Chuck will cover detailed Q1 CSG and ISG operating performance. And Tom will cover our Q1 financial results, capital allocation and guidance. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Hello, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Following a record FY '22, we continue to execute quite well in a complex macro environment. We are focused on our long-term strategy while continuing to innovate, enhancing existing solutions and creating new ones for our customers. For Q1, we delivered record revenue of $26.1 billion, up 16%, with strong, balanced growth across CSG and ISG. We also improved our profitability in the quarter, and we will continue to focus on disciplined cost management. As a result, diluted EPS was $1.84, a record, up 36%. Over the last 12 months, we have generated $5.8 billion of cash flow from operations. We are grateful to succeed alongside our customers. At Dell Technologies World, customers like CVS Health, USAA, General Motors and Boeing talked about reinventing their processes and their industries while unleashing innovation, productivity and sustainability with Dell as a key technology partner. We highlighted our role in the multi-cloud future, announcing a steady stream of innovation that places us at the center of our customers' multi-cloud world. Specifically, we made a series of announcements that demonstrate the work we are doing to build a multi-cloud ecosystem that includes all major public clouds. We shared Project Alpine, which brings enterprise-class data services into the public cloud for cloud bursting, test and development, cloud-based analytics, data and container mobility. We are also unlocking the power of data through our partnership with Snowflake, the first of its kind that provides direct access to Dell object storage on-prem, and we are including cybersecurity throughout. In addition, we also announced over 500 software enhancements to our industry-leading storage portfolio. For PowerMax, the world's most secure, mission-critical storage, we introduced a new intelligent NVMe multi-node, scaled-out architecture with isolated cyber-vaults, 65 million immutable snapshots in the industry's first data compression for mainframes. For PowerStore, we added ease of integration, significantly boosted mixed workload performance, deepened VMware integration and added native metro sync replication. And with PowerFlex, we have the only software-defined infrastructure that scales almost limitlessly, for compute and storage while supporting bare metal, all hypervisors and file and block storage services on a single platform with increased cyber resiliency and multi-cloud extensions. These software-driven innovations enable a continuously modern storage experience with highly-adaptable storage architectures, comprehensive cyber resiliency and multi-cloud ecosystem flexibility. And lastly, we announced a range of APEX offers that further expand our subscription and as-a-service capabilities. To date, the transition towards multi-cloud and a highly-distributed architecture is playing out much like we thought. It's clear our strategy is resonating across our customers and partner ecosystem. Turning to the supply chain. We experienced a wide range of semiconductor shortages that impacted CSG and ISG in Q1. In addition, the COVID lockdowns in China caused temporary supply chain interruptions in the quarter. As a result, backlog levels were elevated across CSG and ISG exiting the quarter. We expect backlog to remain elevated through at least Q2 due to current demand and industry-wide supply chain challenges. Q1 component costs were deflationary across key commodities, but logistics spend remained elevated due to higher rates and a mix of expedited parts. Turning to Q2. We expect component cost to turn inflationary and logistics costs remain at elevated levels. That all said, Dell Technologies is well positioned to navigate these supply chain challenges just as we have over the past three-plus years. The big picture. As we previously noted, we are seeing a shift in spend from consumer and PCs to data center infrastructure. IT demand is currently healthy. However, there are a number of uncertainties out in the broader macro that we continue to monitor: geopolitical issues, inflation, ongoing supply chain challenges, chip constraints and COVID shutdowns. What we've shown over the years is that regardless of the environment, we are agile and built to outperform. We are able to quickly lean into opportunities and focus on what we can control, executing our strategy for growth, innovating for our customers, motivating our teams, building better communities and delivering for our stakeholders. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Chuck for a deeper dive into our segment results.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks, Jeff. Great to be here with all of you and excited to share the details of our Q1 business unit performance. Starting with ISG, we delivered another record Q1 with 16% growth and $9.3 billion of revenue. It's our fifth consecutive quarter of growth as widespread digital transformation continues to support growth and infrastructure spend. ISG profitability was up with operating income growing 39% and operating margins expanding 200 basis points to 11.7%. Servers and networking revenue grew 22%, and storage revenue grew 9% as four consecutive quarters of demand growth has now made its way into the P&L. We were particularly pleased with the breadth of strength in storage. In Q1, we saw storage demand growth across our portfolio, including data protection, HCI, unstructured, entry, high end and power store, our marquee mid-range solution and still the fastest-growing storage architecture in company history. Turning to Client Solutions. CSG also delivered a record Q1 with revenue of $15.6 billion, up 17% on top of a strong prior year comp of 20% growth. This was outstanding absolute and relative performance. We gained 190 basis points of PC unit share in calendar Q1 based on IDC results, the most among the top four industry vendors. We have now gained unit share in 33 of the last 37 quarters. But as we've highlighted, not all PC units are created equal. Our focus on the commercial segment paid off in Q1 as commercial demand was solid and we saw softness in Consumer and Chrome as expected. Commercial CSG revenue grew 22%, while Consumer grew 3%. We also saw continued strength in software and peripherals as customers continue to seek exceptional PC experiences in the do anything from anywhere world. Our market-leading display business, for example, grew 20% and gained 370 basis points in calendar Q1 according to preliminary IDC data. The net of strong commercial performance, peripheral growth and disciplined cost management with strong profitability, the business delivered an op-inc margin of 7.2%, and we have delivered roughly $1 billion of op-inc or better over the last seven quarters. Looking ahead, we are seeing a rotation in IT spending from CSG to ISG. Despite economic uncertainty, digital transformation and automation efforts are being used to solve the pressing challenges at the moment as technology and business strategies emerge, benefiting our infrastructure business. We expect ISG growth for the full fiscal year. And PCs are now a C-suite issue. In the world of hybrid work and in a fiercely competitive talent market, the PC is the gateway to the employee experience and a visible symbol of a company's commitment to technology. We do, however, expect CSG growth to moderate over the course of the year as the Consumer portion of the market slows. Q1 is proof of the benefits of having a strong geographically and sector diverse business covering the end user to the edge to the core data center to the cloud. We are central to our customers' technology agendas, creating predictability, durability and flexibility in our business to pursue growth wherever it materializes in the IT market. As Jeff stated, there is some macro uncertainty right now, but we have shown time and time again the ability to navigate any market environment by focusing on our customers, our employees, our long-term strategy and our stakeholders. With that, let me turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Chuck. As Jeff highlighted earlier, we delivered record Q1 revenue of $26.1 billion, up 16%, driven by strong growth in both CSG and ISG. We have previously highlighted that we thought fiscal year '23 would see a more robust infrastructure investment cycle while PC growth would shift back towards historical patterns. To date, this appears to be how fiscal year '23 is shaping. Gross margin was $5.9 billion, up 9% at 22.7% of revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 150 basis points lower, primarily due to increased component and logistics cost. However, it was up 190 basis points sequentially due to improvement in both CSG and ISG gross margin percentages as more of our prior pricing actions took effect. We also saw a richer PC and server configurations and stronger storage performance in the quarter. Operating expense was $3.8 billion, up 3% at 14.5% of revenue as a result of investments in our team members and targeted investments in our growth areas, including capabilities to support our evolving business model. We will balance these investments with prudent cost discipline given the uncertainties in the current environment. Operating income was a Q1 record of $2.1 billion, up 21% at 8.2% of revenue. Net income was $1.4 billion, up 36%, primarily driven by growth in operating income and a decline in interest expense due to our lower debt balances. Our tax rate was 19.3%. Fully diluted earnings per share was $1.84, up 36% with diluted share count decreasing sequentially to 780 million shares as a result of repurchases. Our recurring revenue was approximately $5.3 billion a quarter, up 15%. Our remaining performance obligations, or RPO, is approximately $42 billion, up 14% and includes deferred revenue plus committed contract value not included in deferred revenue. Dell Financial Services originations were $2.1 billion, up 9% and DFS ended the quarter with $13.2 billion in total managed assets. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. Our use of cash from operations was $300 million in Q1, primarily driven by our annual bonus payout and seasonal revenue decline. As a reminder, Q1 is often a use of cash given the seasonality in our business and the timing of our annual incentive compensation payments. The team did a nice job on working capital management in the quarter, minimizing the increase in inventory due to supply chain challenges and reducing receivables. Our core debt balance is $16.5 billion, and we ended the quarter with $8.5 billion in cash and investments, down $2.8 billion sequentially principally due to seasonally low free cash flow and $1.75 billion in shareholder capital returns. We repurchased 28.8 million shares of stock in Q1 for $1.5 billion and issued $250 million in dividends. Going forward, we will continue our balanced capital allocation approach, repurchasing shares programmatically to manage dilution while maintaining flexibility to be opportunistic like we were in Q1. Turning to Q2 and fiscal year '23. Digital transformation is a top priority for our customers, and it's fueling our growth as our customers look for a partner in their multi-cloud journey. Global IT spend is projected in the mid-single digits. And with what we see today, the current demand environment supports this. Against that backdrop, we expect Q2 revenue between $26.1 billion and $27.1 billion, up 10% at the midpoint with both CSG and ISG growing. We expect foreign currency to be a headwind for both Q2 and for the full year. We do expect gross margin rates to decrease sequentially as CSG mix increases and we managed through inflation and currency dynamics with an elevated backlog. OpEx will remain roughly flat to Q1 as a percentage of revenue. For our non-GAAP tax rate, you should assume 20%, plus or minus 100 basis points. We expect diluted share count to be roughly 760 million to 765 million shares. Netting this out, we expect diluted earnings per share of $1 to $1.15 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.55 to $1.70, up 10% at the midpoint. As you know, we are coming off a record fiscal year '22 and a good start to fiscal year '23. Last quarter, we talked about our long-term value creation framework of 3% to 4% of revenue growth and EPS growth of 6% or better as a starting point for the year. As we look at the balance of fiscal year '23, we're watching a few macroeconomic dynamics, including the geopolitical environment, inflation, interest rates, slowing economic growth, currency and continued COVID impacts disrupting supply chains and business activity. While we believe these macro dynamics will have some impact on overall IT investment spending, with what we know today, our updated framework has revenue growth of approximately 6% with both CSG and ISG growing for the year and earnings per share growth faster than revenue in the range of 12% or better. In closing, we delivered a strong quarter with record Q1 revenue, operating income and diluted earnings per share. We remain focused on executing our strategy to consolidate and modernize our core and build new growth engines that enable our customers' multi-cloud future while delivering revenue and EPS growth with strong free cash flow to our shareholders over time. Now I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Jermiria, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: We will take our first question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: I just had a clarification on the question. Just want to make sure you said a 5.3% revenue growth of 6% and EPS, 12-plus percent. And then the question is either for Jeff or Chuck, the CSG slowing makes sense due to the consumer and you said you're monitoring macro data points, but you're confident on the strength in ISG, especially at the time when tech companies are slowing hiring. I'm kind of curious, when you talk to your customers, your CEOs and CIOs, what gives us confidence in continuing this IT spending into the back half? Or is this more a soft trending project that could change as the macro type?
Tom Sweet: Krish, it's Tom. Let me -- I will confirm that I did say for fiscal year '23 revenue growth approximately 6%, and then the EPS growth of 12% or better. So yes, you heard that properly. Jeff, Chuck, I don't -- Jeff, do you want to jump in on the ISG question?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. The macro question was kind of CSG making sense slowing down and then the implications to ISG. Maybe break those down as we think about those particular businesses. In CSG, we -- I think we've called out before that we thought heading into this year that we would see the growth rate in CSG temper, and what we thought is indeed happening. And it's happening in the areas that we happen to be less -- we participate less in, most notably Chrome, which is down significantly; and the low-end and mid-range price bands and Consumer, which are down. But what we see today, we see good growth in commercial or enterprise PCs, whatever you prefer to call them. We continue to see that as we look forward. But it is a much lower growth rate than last year. There's no question. I don't know what else to add to that. There's categories we would tell you. Why would that be the case? Well, we certainly have people going back to the office. We have this notion of a hybrid worker requiring a more capable and powerful machine. We have still a number of folks that are working in this hybrid market that need more mobility, i.e., more notebooks. We would tell you that not all PCs are created equal, meaning that the commercial and enterprise generally have higher ASPs, richer content and configuration, greater opportunity to attach things. That's what drives our business. And then if we flip it over to the ISG side, look, I'd be remiss if I didn't call out. We just posted 22% growth in servers and 9% growth in storage. That's the sixth consecutive quarter of server growth and the fourth consecutive quarter of orders growth for storage, the first P&L that we've been indicating. We thought it would flip, and we saw that flip in our P&L for P&L growth of 9% in storage after four quarters of orders growth. What's fueling that, continued digital transformation, the fact that in this data economy and data world, you need more compute assets and storage assets to be able to accelerate that digital transformation, we continue to see that. Certainly, the demand environment we see today indicates that continues. I hope that helped, Krish.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Congratulations on the really solid results and guide. I guess what really stands out to me is the growth that you're seeing in servers. And especially given some of the recent concerns that we've heard from, I think, one of your peers actually this morning talking about supply chain constraints. So I guess maybe you can help us appreciate what you're seeing, particularly around the server piece of the business. And how the company has managed kind of the pass-through? How much of the growth is driven by pricing versus maybe unit growth?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Maybe Chuck and I will ham and egg this together. But if you take a look at that 22% server growth that I just alluded to and mentioned sixth consecutive quarter, if you look at where some of that growth is coming from, it's coming from content expansion. It's coming from ASP expansion. It's coming from mix of the portfolio, which are all good signs, one that we're penetrating deeper into the enterprise. We're taking on more high-value workloads, our GP, GPU or AI accelerator of growth rate was very strong in the quarter, and that's continued to bolster the performance of our server business. I think that leads to some of that. Chuck, anything to add?
Chuck Whitten: No. I mean, I think building off of the prior question, we just see continued strength in the infrastructure markets right now. We said it in our prepared remarks and you mentioned it in your first answer, Jeff. There's a rotation right now of budgets from client to infrastructure, and that's across the board in our portfolio, whether it's our fifth consecutive overall growth in ISG, our sixth consecutive quarter of server P&L growth for this question, 9% storage revenue growth after four consecutive quarters of demand growth. And so despite the macro uncertainty that is out there right now, what we don't see is an immediate move to go after a reduction in IT budgets. I mean, right now, it is a very healthy infrastructure environment.
Jeff Clarke: And I think maybe to put at Boeing, I think our supply chain team has done a very good job of positioning our company with the available parts that are out there, which there is a shortage of parts for servers, and we've been able to work our way through that and be able to deliver for our customers. Ultimately, that's the name of the game, and I think our supply chain continues to distinguish itself in being able to fulfill and meet the commitments we give to our customers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Congrats on the strong results here. I guess I just wanted to ask on the margin. You had very strong margins in both segments. As we sort of -- how should we think about sustainability of these margins? I know you pointed out the component costs going up, but I can also think about sort of pricing that property finds its way in a bigger magnitude through the P&L through the year. So maybe just help us through sort of thinking about sustainability of these margins on a segment basis. And what are the sort of different drivers to keep in mind here?
Tom Sweet: Samik, it's Tom. Let me sort of walk you through how we think about margin frameworks as we move forward. So we talked about -- obviously, we're very pleased with the margin performance in Q1, which -- when we talk -- if you recall back in the Q4 conversation we had at the end of February, we talked about the fact that we thought we would see margins move upward coming out of Q4. We did see that driven by, I think, the strong performance in the client business, particularly the commercial business, also the strong storage growth that we saw, a 9% revenue growth. And the pricing actions that we had been talking about in commenting on the fact that those needed to work their way through the backlog started to manifest themselves in Q1, and so really pleased with the margin performance in Q1. I think the dynamic as we look at Q2 is this that we do expect that we are going to get a heavier mix of CSG in the second quarter. We are going to continue to work and fight through inflation, right? So we do expect higher overall input cost in Q2, which we'll have to price for. And you know that with an elevated backlog that, that will take some time to work its way through. And then as we also think about the FX environment that we're going to be in, where currency is going to be a headwind of somewhere between roughly 400 basis points for the quarter, so that's going to be something we're going to have to price for. But again, you don't get all of that pricing dynamic in the current quarter, and so the macro has some headwinds that we're going to have to continue to execute our way through. I think at an individual business unit level, as we think about clients that -- we should see a bit more commercial client in the quarter coming from the elevated backlog, but that's going to have some headwinds on cost as we talked about in pricing. And then the server storage mix, I think, is going to continue to be an interesting area. We do expect elevated backlogs in Q2, so particularly in the ISG space. As Jeff mentioned, the server supply chain continues to be challenging, I'll say it like that, with shortages in nicks and power supplies and other components. And so that will be something we'll have to work our way through. We're cautiously optimistic about storage, but we had a very strong storage quarter, and we just got to go out and continue to execute it. So overall, that's the dynamic that we're looking at as we think about Q2. You fast forward through the rest of the year, and I would tell you that we would expect -- if margins are dipping a bit in Q2, we expect them to be relatively flat in Q3 and come back a bit in Q4 as we think about how the mix of the business shifts towards an ISG mix at the end of the year given some of the seasonality of the business. So that's a broad stroke at what margins look like from our perspective. But again, I would just tell you that, look, we're going to have to work our way through inflation for the year. We'll price it as appropriate. We'll have to watch the market positioning on pricing. And currency is going to be a headwind, roughly somewhere between 300 to 400 basis points for the year. So those are all some of the dynamics that we're working our way through.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Shek Ho: Congrats on the great quarter. I have a bigger-picture question on customer behavior. Well, there has been a lot of cross currents in terms of supply constrained environment but also in terms of macro uncertainties. Have you seen any change in customer order behavior in terms of volume and commitment because of supply constraints, but at the same time, may be shifting away from on-prem to the cloud? Then how do you manage those trends from supply chain and R&D or maybe? Just generally speaking OpEx perspective for the year.
Chuck Whitten: Well, maybe I'll start and just say, look, the environment that we've been in, in the last six months, we have not seen a fundamental change in customer behavior in terms of order patterns. So despite long lead times, we haven't seen material differences in our cancellation rates, whether that's across our CSG business or our ISG business. And the long-term trend of where am I choosing to put a workload, per our conversations that we had at Dell Technologies World most recently is almost entirely with customers around the multi-cloud opportunities. So while there are certainly workloads that continue to go to the public cloud, increasingly, the conversation that we have with customers is about operating in a multi-cloud environment. They see the right workload in the right place at the right cost is the objective of their environment. And so broadly, that's the trends that we're seeing in infrastructure. In terms of how we manage it from a supply chain standpoint, obviously, I'll defer to Jeff on that portion.
Jeff Clarke: Yes. Look, maybe a slightly different perspective. I think the order pattern has changed slightly but not in the way that you described. People are coming to Dell because there's confidence in our supply chain to deliver. If you think about our performance now six quarters in a row of server growth and the shortage of parts and servers as customers are working to build out on-prem, to build out their digital transformation, as Chuck said, build out their multi-cloud infrastructure and certainly our architecture and strategic drive to be at the center of that, customers continue to come to Dell because our commitment to delivery date is pretty darn high. As Chuck mentioned, our cancellation rates have not moved over a long period of time, which while we may not give the exact date they want because we have products on extended lead time, the date we give customers is the date the product shows up. And they can count on it, they can count out on their integration and deployment of technology and their build-out of their projects. So probably not the answer you're looking for an order pattern, but I think it's a reinforcer of what's been happening in our business. And then we take that demand signal, which is the beauty of our direct model, and we act upon that in our supply chain. I think I've made mention in before this notion that we have digitized our supply chain where we have put together advanced planning and modeling techniques, data transparency and the ability to do predictive analytics and anticipate the needs of what we have. And I think we respond faster and ask quicker than perhaps others, and that puts us in a better position to ensure we have the supply, what's available, for our customers. That's the linkage between -- and how our model works, it's very different than perhaps others is the connection between the demand signal, the supply signal and, quite frankly, what we design. And that tightly coupled ecosystem is a differentiator for the Dell business model. And clearly, in these times, when they're stressed in the supply picture, we're able to use our early indication of what demand is, be able to schedule that, plan that in the supply chain. And then ultimately, if we have to pivot to requalify or add a different part in our designs, we're able to quickly do that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Vogt with UBS
David Vogt: I have a clarification question and a bigger picture question. So clearly, 90 days ago, you guys were really optimistic about the outlook. A lot has changed since then, and it appears that you guys have handled sort of the disruptions in April better than most companies that we've talked to over the last couple of weeks. Can you kind of share with us kind of what you saw in April, kind of what set you apart, where the component issues were and how you guys navigated that better than most? And then on a clarification issue, I think last quarter, you talked about a potential make-whole payment in the fiscal fourth quarter of $150 million to $200 million. Do you still expect that in the fourth quarter? And is that sort of factored into the guidance that's Hank gave for the full year?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Maybe I step into the supply chain component of that Look, it's very important for us. I think we've consistently communicated this. We are encountering what everybody else is encountering in this industry. There is a wide-scale semiconductor shortage across a vast number of components. I think I rattled off all sorts of components on previous earnings calls, live the same. The most stressed networks tend to be the trailing nodes, 40-nanometer, 55, 60 nanometer, the 8-inch network. What's increasingly interesting is now the new factories are being delayed in their deployment because they can't get the equipment needed. This cascades itself into categories of servers or automotive that's growing very fast. That's taking the very same components that we all need, which tend to be around the microcontrollers, the power subsystems, which are needed to build certainly the devices we have. That's for everybody. We are encountering that. I think we've talked about our long-term relationships. I just mentioned in the previous answer our ability to plan and anticipate and do predictive modeling, and we act with speed. I think one of the things that separates our ability in the supply chain is to see this earlier and decide quicker and adapt and provide and overcome with what is thrown at us. In terms of what happened in April, we all read about lockdowns. By the way, they started in March, mid-March with Shenzhen. They can make their way into Shanghai with various stages of lockdown. We had our own challenges here in the state of Texas with some border crossing issues. So we continue to adapt and improvise along the journey. It's what we do. Fortunately or unfortunately, depending on your perspective, we've had three-plus years of practice at this or getting good at our game. And our team is nimble. It's flexible. We're able to move material. We're able to use our vast network of 25 factories, 50 different fulfillment centers around the globe that allow us essentially to move any order to any factory to be able to build it. Now we can't do that instantaneously overnight. You got to get material. You got to move orders. But our ability to use our global network and to see it, I think, quicker than others is why I think we're able to continually deliver. And again, I'd be remiss to say, I didn't do my job, but we built backlog. We did not build more than we sold.
Chuck Whitten: I think you did your job really well, Jeff. I'd just also underscore per your last answer, it's also our business model integrated to that incredible supply chain performance. So our sales engine that's able to not just take that -- take a demand signal and feed it back to the supply chain but also shape to availability, which we've been doing for the last couple of years, and we certainly did since March. Our product teams that are designing modularity and being able to respond to the parts that are available. So we like to say it's not one thing, it's our integrated business model.
Tom Sweet: Let me take that, David. Let me just comment on the make-whole payment question that you put there at the end of that question. I think you're referring to -- we talked about last quarter the fact that as we thought about our capital allocation framework for the year and the fact that we might do some incremental debt pay down during the course of the year that if we were to do some of those -- some of that debt would have a make whole payment on it and sort of. And so as we think about it now, we sort of have F&O for the year model at right around $1.5 billion. So you think about Q1 at 3.48x, plus we've stuck in a $100 million make-whole thought, if you will, into the F&O for the year. We'll have to work -- as we go through the year, we will keep looking at does that makes sense to do and is that the right use of capital at the time. But -- so that's the context around that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: This morning on the call Broadcom hosted, they talked about a strategy to take more of the VMware sales direct, a focus on the top 1,500 customers. Now you've got a meaningful chunk of VMware revenue that flows through your business. I just want to get a better understanding of how you see the potential for VMware being part of Broadcom affecting your top line, and I assume it doesn't do much to the bottom line, but just want to understand what you're expecting.
Tom Sweet: Simon, let me start with just saying, look, obviously, we're not part of the transaction between VMware and Broadcom if that is to come to fruition. We have a 20-year relationship with VMware. As you know, we -- with all of the work that's been done with them and the close collaboration over the last five years or so and the whole posture around, VMware is first and best as we lead. Our expectation is that, that relationship continues. We have a commercial framework agreement that we negotiated with VMware as we did the spin at last year. And we would expect that those -- that continues. And the mutual benefit that we both received from the commercial framework -- they -- with the go-to-market reach we have in some of our technology and our benefit with some of their solution technology should continue. So, that's our expectation as we look at it today.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: I just wanted to clarify that last response, Tom. So the commercial framework, the legal framework, does it have any kind of an M&A clause in it that would cause it to need to be renegotiated assuming the deal closes? And then I had a question on PCs as well.
Tom Sweet: I guess I would just tell you that I'm not going to get into all the commercial terms, but there is a change in control provision that allows that -- the commercial frameworks continues on with the change in control.
Rod Hall: Okay, okay. And then on PCs, I just wanted to ask, it sounded like -- I'm not sure how to interpret your PC commentary in terms of comparison to last quarter. I mean it sounded a little bit more cautious to me, but commercial is still pretty good. Could you guys just maybe update us on what you're thinking on PC units? I know AMD has come out and talked about high single-digit unit declines now. Are you on board with that idea? Do you think units in the industry are flat? Just curious what you're kind of thinking about industry units here.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. I mean I'll take this, and Chuck certainly can build upon this. Look, I think we continue to talk about a marketplace that was going to slow down. It is slowing down. We saw that in the IDC Q1 results, which, mind you, I think we outperformed the market significantly in that calendar Q1 period. Our own internal modeling, IDC just came out with a new set of projections last night. Our modeling is a little more positive than that or a little bigger than that, if you want to say. I'll be very specific with you. We have the market somewhere around 330 million units. We have Chrome falling fast. We have consumer in the high single digits, and we have -- on a unit basis, we have the commercial hanging in there. That's how we get to 330 units. When you look at the composition of our business, the places where the market is strongest is the places we have the greatest exposure. I think our mix of commercial was 77% in Q1, which is up three points year-over-year, so more exposed to the place that's doing better. That's what we -- clearly, where we've built our product portfolio or our relationships and customer base is, and that's how we tend to look at the market.
Chuck Whitten: Yes, Jeff, I think net the forecast, the IDC forecast, our forecast, they do reflect the structural reset of the PC market to a higher level that we've talked about. And as you said, given our focus on the commercial segment, which we think fares better than Chrome and consumer the rest of the year, we feel well positioned no matter the sort of unit market environment. Obviously, part of our view that we would see moderating growth this year coming off a 27% growth in CSG last year is we're lapping some pretty strong compares in second half performance. But again, to just underscore our commentary, we expect CSG to grow for the year. We expect CSG to grow at a multiple to our long-term growth framework, and we expect to keep gaining share.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Ruplu Bhattacharya: It's Ruplu filling in for Wamsi today. Is there a way to quantify how much the supply chain issues including the component shortages and logistics costs, how much that negatively impacted your revenues and margins in fiscal 1Q? And is there an estimate for the impact on the top line for the full year? And Tom, you're guiding fiscal '23 revenues now to be -- to grow higher at 6% year-on-year. Does that come with higher working capital requirements? And so, do you think free cash flow in fiscal '23 now can be higher than what you thought 90 days ago?
Tom Sweet: Ruplu, we're probably not going to answer your first question. Maybe we'll focus on the second question.
Jeff Clarke: Yes, I was going to answer the first question of, look, we have a backlog. It's elevated. We're going to continue to work through it as we always do. We won't disclose or parse it down into the impact of this quarter or any future period in time. They are elevated. You can see that in our RPO level when you look at that versus previous periods, and it's our job on the supply chain to get supply matched up with demand and actually catch up a little bit. That's what we're going to try to do.
Tom Sweet: I was going to answer it, but I mean I -- on your working capital question, look, we are -- we did adjust our framework upward, and we had told you we would continue to look at that as we go through the year. So right now, we see the total year at 6% with both CSG and ISG growing sort of mid-single digits for the year. I think if you do the math on that, you would obviously see that we do expect the back half to be slower than the first half as we think there continues to be. We're lapping from a CSG perspective, some pretty tough comps in Q3 and Q4 of last year. So that will, I think, be a bit of a -- as you think about the performance of the business, that would be something to consider. I do think from a CSG perspective that we expect sort of ASPs to be flat to slightly declining as we go through the year, but we don't see significant movement there given some of the inflationary pressures. But again -- and we'll have to monitor that relative to the pricing environment and what's going on in the market. I think -- we think we're very -- we're optimistic about the ISG space. Infrastructure spending is holding up with what we can see today. Implicit in my guidance, when you would think about the fact that I am slowing ISG in the back half of the year, some still growing but at sort of low to mid-single digits Q3 to Q4. But I think that's just being prudent given the uncertainty that's out there in the market right now, and we'll continue to update you as we go through the year. As it relates to working capital, look, we have a -- if you haven't looked at our balance sheet lately, we have a lot of inventory right now. So I'm up $2.4 billion year-over-year. In fact, Jeff and I were just talking about that.
Jeff Clarke: You remind me.
Tom Sweet: I reminded you that it needs to come down, right? So -- and look, so I don't see a specific need for incremental working capital. Actually, what I'm challenging the organization to is begin to bring that inventory down as that's going to be obviously very much dependent upon how the supply chain sort of behaves in the second half, but I think there's opportunity to actually squeeze that down some. So I think overall, I'm not concerned about working capital in the second half, Tyler. I know I probably just stepped all over you, but...
Tyler Johnson: No, I think that's exactly right. That's how we're thinking about it Tom.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: I guess I have two as well. I guess, the first one is if I look at your full year guide, right, you're going to do fairly robust growth in the first half. But you sort of implying that back half growth will be, I think, flattish for the most part. So maybe just touch on why do you think the back half will be flattish? It will be fairly unique if it happens. And do you expect to exit the year with a higher backlog than you're sitting on right now? Or do you -- are you anticipating working down the backlog? So I'd love to understand kind of the back half assumptions there. And then Jeff, I would love to hear on the storage side. This was a very sizable inflection that you folks had in April. Just one data point on one mega trend. But what's the durability of the growth that you just saw on the storage side? And how much of that do you think was share gain versus end markets doing well?
Tom Sweet: Well, let me start, Amit, on the full year guide. I think if you just break down the piece parts of this, clearly, CSG was 17% in Q1. We do expect it to grow again in Q2. But I think we just talked about the fact that the environment is slowing and the fact that we have some tougher compares in the back half of the year when you think about year-over-year comparison and year-over-year growth. So look, I think it's just prudent to be a little bit cautious and as we think about the back half of the year. Clearly, if the opportunity to grow faster, we will do so thoughtfully. On the ISG side, with what we see, we're sort of looking at sort of mid-single digits. If you think about IT, the forecast for IT spending in the infrastructure space in the back -- in the year, it's sort of mid-single digits to upper single digits. That's how we think about it as well. I think the question that we're working our way through is, does that -- how does that manifest itself, and I just would like to have the year progress a little bit further before we think whether there's any incremental strength there. So right now, I've got the year at 6%. It implies that ISG is a little softer in the second half. We'll watch it, and we'll update you again at the -- at our Q2 call. So, there's just too many uncertainties out there right now to be so exact at this point in the year.
Jeff Clarke: Yes and maybe to build on that with storage. Look, we've talked about four quarters in a row now of storage orders growth. Now 9% P&L growth in Q1. Our orders growth in Q1 was in excess of the P&L growth. Let's call it debt. All geographies grew storage. We grew storage on our high-end price bands, our mid-range price bands, our low-end price bands. We grew in HCI. We grew in data protection, most notably in data protection in the area of cybersecurity, where we have a very advantaged position with our cyber-based products. Customers continue to look for us to help them in this world that we live in today with cyber and cyber resiliency. PowerStore Group. PowerStore continues to be our fastest-growing, new architecture we put in the marketplace. Just got 500 new features into the marketplace across our portfolio. We have a mainframe refresh that it will come throughout the year, and our PowerMax is unmatched in its capability. One of my favorite features there is the first time we have mainframe compression in the industry on our product waiting for the mainframe update. I like a lot of what's going on. It's four quarters in the demand of Chuck and I's team. We modeled this. Tom just mentioned it, mid- to high single-digit market growth. Obviously, we want to take share. We're taking share with the performance that we just delivered, midrange in particular, which is where the largest swath of the market is. Our unstructured product continues to do well. It's hard for me to tell you if that's going to continue. I like all of the signs, four quarters of growth. I think of the strategy that we have, which is continue to drive the consolidation and the high-end innovate and disrupt in the mid-range, which we're doing, and take our leadership position in software-defined storage and continue to drive our leadership position even further there, whether that's our VxRail asset or our own PowerFlex asset. Both grew nicely in orders in Q1. So I hope that answered the question. It's hard for me to have a crystal ball what that means in Q4. But certainly, what we've performed to date and as we look at the market as a whole, we're positioned nicely.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Just one question for me. To the extent you can sort of talk about your own pricing into your customers, where do you think you're able to continue to get price and pass on inflation? And where maybe does it get more difficult, especially if some verticals are facing their own end market challenges going forward? Any help on pricing recently and what you're thinking about in the future would be helpful.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Maybe I'll take a stab, and Chuck and Tom can come over the top. We'll start with PC. So if you look at the pricing environment in PC that's back to what I mentioned earlier, this is kind of three-tails. In Chrome, pricing is largely back to pre-COVID normal levels. It's aggressive. There's lots of inventory out there. It's an aggressive pricing market. In those price bands in consumer, the low end or at the low price points, the midrange price points, there's a fair amount of inventory out there. You saw promos being run through the holidays. They continued into Q1. The pricing towards the burst deals towards the second half of the year are already underway in those price bands, and they're quite aggressive. In the higher end part of consumer, whether that'd be our XPS area or Alienware, things are a little more stable. Commercial, it's a more favorable pricing environment. There's still a lot of mismatch sets out there, meaning that there aren't enough components. Everybody doesn't have the right set of components to build a finished system. So pricing is more stable, more favorable. And we're taking the inflation that we see, and we're certainly trying to pass it through. I think Chuck talked a little bit about this earlier, but if you look at broadly across our PC space, ASPs are boosted by the fact that we have a configuration dynamic, those buying PCs need a more capable PC to work in a hybrid modern world. We have content going up, and we're attaching more things with them. If I look at storage, storage is a favorable pricing place where we can take the rising input costs and we can -- we are passing that through. And that's not unique to us, the industry is. The same is true on servers, which makes a lot of sense given there are not enough parts to match the server demand today, hence our growing backlog, and that's a favorable environment where we can pass along the cost increase. Our ASP performance, I think we mentioned earlier, we set up by the fact that we have pricing and inflation and then we have this content dynamic. We're selling servers deeper into the enterprise, higher-value workloads, more GPUs, more DRAM, more NAND per server. That adds up to a higher ASP. Our teams are making adjustments as we speak. Tom referenced this earlier, foreign exchange rates. They're changing when we have to price. Pricing is underway to do that. We'll try to capture as much as we can along the journey. He called that out as a perhaps challenge in the quarter. And then we have a variety of metrics that look at our relative position to our competitors. And we largely say with everything that I just said, we are in price position in the marketplace.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: I just have a couple of follow-up clarifications. You explicitly noted that order growth was stronger than revenue growth in storage. Was that also the case this quarter in servers and PCs? Secondly, you noted that you were opportunistic in your share repurchases this quarter and bought back $1.5 billion. Your share price, even with the strength in the aftermarket, is well below the average price that it was during Q1. Why shouldn't we expect you to be just as opportunistic in terms of buybacks in Q2? And then finally, just on free cash flow, do you expect free cash flow to be higher than net income, consistent with your long-term model for fiscal '23?
Rob Williams: Yes. We'll take the first two, Toni. We don't forecast cash flow, so we'll lay out the last one. We'll take the first two relatively quick, please.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. We mentioned that storage orders were ahead. They were. Server orders and server P&L performance were largely the same. And CSG, P&L revenue performance was ahead of orders performance.
Tom Sweet: What was the second part of that? I was writing [Multiple Speakers].
Toni Sacconaghi: Buyback opportunistic.
Jeff Clarke: Opportunistic versus problematic.
Tom Sweet: Look, Toni, I mean if you think about what we did in Q4, Q1, it was all around, we had a significant amount of dilution coming through the VMware spin transaction. And since we weren't in the market for last year given the beam we're spend. We thought it was appropriate, and part of our goal with the share buyback is to control dilution. And so that -- so that focus, plus the fact that share price did obviously evolve through the quarter was impotence to continue to be into the market a bit. I think what we're trying to balance as we go through the remainder of the year is the cash balance has obviously come down as we spent a fair amount of cash in Q1 on share buyback. So my point of view on this right now is that we're going to continue to be programmatic, and I will be opportunistic where it makes sense. But I don't think that pace that you saw in Q1 should be how you model the whole year, so that's how we're thinking about it right now.
Operator: We'll now take our final question from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: A clarification question for Tom and more of a strategy question probably. I guess it would probably be for Jeff or Chuck, but Tom, a clarification. You talked about pricing in a deflationary environment turning to inflationary for your components. I guess everywhere around the world for the past three months, I haven't seen pricing going up, and you talked about favorable deflationary. Was that like some longer-term contracts you had or agreements that are now kind of being right-sized to market? Or was it like displays or memories? I'm kind of scratching my head here about what really helped you. And then more of the strategy question either for Jeff or Chuck. It seems like on storage, which you touched on earlier, you had a couple of past quarters of kind of flattish growth. And now storage was up 9%, and you talked about we're in a bit of a high-performance compute/mainframe pause before it starts. Am I right we're at a new chapter of after several quarters of flattish storage growth actually kicking it into high gear for storage?
Tom Sweet: Jim, it's Tom. Let me take the first part of your question. Let me tell you what I believe I said, which was we expect input costs to be inflationary as we end Q2, right? And that's the entire basket of component plus logistics costs. So we do expect that to be an inflationary pressure in Q2, somewhat into the back half of the year depending upon some of the demand signals.
Chuck Whitten: Yes and then to wrap up on storage. Look, as we said in the last few quarters, we've seen healthy storage demand growth. Translating that to the P&L takes time because we have a significant amount of our storage content that is deferred software and services. And so as we said, the key performance indicator we've been watching is the consecutive quarters of demand growth. And so after posting four, we are now seeing that start to translate into the P&L at 9% storage revenue growth. On the mainframe refresh question or the high end, look, we did see demand growth in the high end in Q1. And if you'll recall, we saw high-end growth in Q4 as well. We would not attribute that right now to the mainframe refresh. We're number one in high end and have a number of customers that refresh from time to time, and that's really what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. But that said, as Jeff called out, we are incredibly well positioned for mainframe refresh that is sort of starting right now, and we tend to see the benefit a quarter or two later in our business. And as Jeff called out, the new PowerMax that adds the industry's first data compression for mainframes positions us really well for that demand cycle. So that's where we are in storage. Obviously, incredibly pleased with both our P&L performance, but more importantly, as Jeff called out, the strong demand we saw in all parts of the portfolio.
Rob Williams: All right. Well, as a quick reminder, we'll be at the Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in New York, the Bank of America Global Technology Conference in San Francisco, and the JPMorgan Global Leaders Forum in Toronto in June. We'll have other events during the quarter. Check the website. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-02-24 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2022 Fourth Quarter and Year-end Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies, Inc. is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Erica, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Chuck Whitten, Tom Sweet and Tyler Johnson. Our earnings materials are available on our IR website, and guidance will be covered on today's call.  During this call, unless otherwise indicated, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. All financial numbers in our earnings materials are now presented on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise noted, see Appendix C in our presentation for a recast of our P&L numbers. Growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. During the call today, Jeff will recap FY '22, the demand environment heading into FY '23 and supply chain dynamics in CSG. Chuck will cover ISG and our growth initiatives, and Tom will cover our Q4 financial results, capital allocation and guidance. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke : Thanks, Rob. FY '22 was a historic year for Dell Technologies. In fact, the best in our company's history. We reached more than $100 billion in revenue and grew 17%, a huge achievement for a company of our scale and ahead of our long-term value creation growth rates. And our opportunity continues to grow as we look ahead to FY '23. We are more vital than ever to our customers in an expanding market led by digital transformation. IT investments remain a top priority for our customers as technology has become even more essential to their business. It's how you turn data into insight and action into better customer experience and competitive advantage. Customers also want choice and a trusted partner. Our position at the center of our customers' digital agenda and at the center of the technology ecosystem makes Dell the logical choice. You can see in how we're winning with the customers like the Miami Dolphins, AT&T and Vodafone, with the world's largest reinsurer, Munich Re and one of India's largest manufacturers Greenpanel across data storage, hyperconverged infrastructure and in adjacent opportunities like multi-cloud, as-a-service, edge and telecom. We are continuing to gain share in our core businesses and these emerging opportunities where we can bring our advantages to bear. We have differentiated ourselves through consistent performance, across different economic environments, uncredited challenges and unforeseen events, and we have leaned into new opportunities always with an eye toward our customers. In FY '22, we delivered record revenue of $101.2 billion, record operating income of $7.8 billion, diluted EPS of $6.22 and record cash flow from operations of $7.1 billion, truly a record year. And Q4 was no different. We saw 17% growth in demand of our products and services in the quarter with broad growth across geos, industry vertical and business units. As a result, we delivered record revenue up 16%. Operating income was a record, up 1%, but slightly below our November guidance as we optimize our performance based on customer needs, parts availability and backlog dynamics. Being trusted partners to our investors and lenders as well as our customers is important to us. And in FY '22, we unlock shareholder value by the spin of VMware, simplifying our capital structure, deleveraging our balance sheet, returning to investment-grade ratings, approving a share buyback program for up to $5 billion and today, announcing a quarterly dividend at an initial annual rate of $1.32 a share. Now let me shift gears and share a little color on the current supply chain dynamics, and then we will move into BU performance. The global supply chain shortage of semiconductors and global logistics challenges for goods and components continues to impact just about every industry. We are still experiencing shortages of integrated circuits across a wide range of devices, including network controllers and micro controllers that go into our products and solutions. The result we are seeing an impact across client systems, servers and storage. In addition, freight costs have continued to rise due to increased logistics rates, a higher mix of air due to ocean network congestion and increase in part expedites to meet customer needs. We have reduced our PC backlog over the last 2 quarters, and it is nearing the high end of its normal range. However, we expect PC backlog to grow in Q1. Our higher-margin ISG backlog increased again in Q4 to a record level due to a combination of very strong demand and the lack of compounded availability. We expect our ISG backlog to remain elevated through at least the first half of the year as part shortages continue. As we head into Q1, we do expect component cost to improve with modest deflation while freight costs remain elevated. We are awaiting information from the recent NAND contamination announcement from Kioxa and Western Digital to evaluate the impact on Dell. Our supply chain speed, agility and flexibility has enabled us to meet customer needs in this environment, though challenges remain. And our supply chain continues to be a durable competitive advantage as we navigate the unprecedented supply uncertainty. Turning to CSG. Our PC business logged another record year. We delivered record revenue of $61.5 billion, up 27%; record operating income of $4.4 billion or 7.1% of revenue; record unit shipments of 59.3 million units in calendar '21, up 18%, growing faster than any of the top 3. And calendar year 2021 commercial share growth was up 70 basis points more than any of the top 3 and has now been up 470 basis points over the last 5 years. Turning to Q4. We delivered our sixth consecutive record CSG revenue quarter with $17.3 billion, up 26% with healthy demand, up 21%. Operating income was a record of $1.2 billion. We shipped a record 17.2 million PCs in calendar Q4, up 9% and now have gained share in 2 of the last 36 quarters. Our leading innovation continues to build a strong foundation for future CSG results. We won 47 awards at CES in January, where we introduced our new XPS 13, our thinnest ever gaming notebook, the Alienware 14, and an advanced commercial notebook concept built around sustainability, recyclability and reuse. Hybrid work, learning, shopping, socializing, entertainment and travel is all here to stay. And we expect commercial PC and premium consumer growth in FY '23, albeit at moderating rate relative to a record year. Clearly, CSG had a fantastic year, and we are well positioned heading into FY '23 as the client systems TAM has reset to a higher level. I am very proud of our FY '22 results, our team and the company and the culture we've created. And I'm incredibly excited about the road ahead with all of you. We expect another year of growth as we modernize the data center with automation and intelligence deploy IT at the edge and simplify multi-cloud for our customers. And with that, I'll turn it over to Chuck for some color on ISG and our growth initiatives. Chuck?
Chuck Whitten : Thanks, Jeff. FY '22 was indeed one for the record books. We're in a privileged strategic position. We ended the year with great momentum, and we're incredibly optimistic about FY '23 and beyond.  Turning to full year ISG results. Fiscal '22 revenue was $34.4 billion, up 4% for the year and underpinned by 4 consecutive quarters of growth. Widespread digital transformation continues to accelerate growth in infrastructure spend, and we were encouraged by growing demand across our portfolio of ISG solutions, specifically FY '22 storage orders grew at the fastest rate since the EMC acquisition, and all geographies grew storage for the year. Mid-range storage orders were up double digits in FY '22, and PowerStore remains the fastest ramping storage product in our company's history and demand for our leading server products accelerated over the course of the year, culminating with record server demand in Q4. ISG operating income was $3.7 billion, flat year-over-year as both ISG revenue and margin were gated by supply constraints and corresponding backlog growth. As Jeff highlighted, we will continue to navigate the challenging supply environment with our differentiated business model, our advantaged supply chain, our product design flexibility, and our unique direct go-to-market, which creates a high-quality demand signal and gives us the ability to shape demand to where we have supply. Turning to Q4. Our final fiscal quarter of FY '22 was a microcosm of ISG's year with strengthening demand across our storage and server portfolios. ISG demand was up 17%, with revenue up 3% to $9.2 billion. Storage demand growth was up for a third consecutive quarter and in the high single digits. Our leading storage portfolio, where we're #1 in high-end, midrange entry unstructured object, all-flash, HCI and data protection, enabled us to capture growth across a variety of storage architectures and customer sizes. For example, we saw double-digit demand growth in the high end, driven by select enterprise customers, 25% demand growth for our unstructured storage solutions and 8% growth for HCI despite a tough year-over-year comparison. Within midrange, power store demand continued to ramp in Q4, up 34% sequentially and now approximately 50% of our midrange SAN mix. Encouragingly, 26% of PowerStore buyers are new to Dell storage and 29% were repeat buyers, important leading indicators of future growth. Servers and networking revenue was up for a fifth consecutive quarter, up 7%. Storage revenue was roughly flat year-over-year due to the aforementioned backlog build and storage software and services content that gets deferred and amortized over time. ISG operating income was $1.1 billion, down 7% due primarily to backlog growth, component inflation and logistics costs. We continue to take pricing actions to mitigate cost increases though component shortages and turbulent logistics markets remain risks that we are actively managing. In summary, FY '22 was a solid year for ISG as infrastructure markets rebounded the business returned to growth. Our leading indicators of server and storage demand were ahead of revenue, and our integrated business model continues to deliver despite challenging supply dynamics. ISG is poised for a strong FY '23, given the momentum in the business. Tom will share thoughts on forward guidance in a moment. Before handing over to Tom, let me touch briefly on our priority growth initiatives. At our September Analyst meeting, we highlighted multiple growth opportunities both inside and outside our core business, including over $650 billion in TAM adjacent to our core, where our asset positions and durable competitive advantages give us a right to win. These are distinct markets like edge and telco but also growth opportunities like our APEX branded as-a-service solutions that provide a modern consumption experience to our customers. Customers can buy our solutions, subscribe to our solutions and select from different types of services, including fully managed service offerings depending on their needs. FY '22 was an important year as we launched solutions in these spaces, engaged customers and made investments that positioned us for future growth. We were pleased with our strategic technical and commercial momentum in these businesses. In particular, we saw a rapid acceleration of our APEX Flex on Demand subscription offering as the year progressed, an important market indicator that our APEX strategy is resonating with customers. We also delivered a steady stream of innovations and customer wins in edge and telco in FY '22, giving us conviction in our long-term strategy. Noteworthy in Q4 was the expansion of our APEX Cloud Services portfolio with 2 new offers. APEX Multi-cloud Data Services, which deliver storage and data protection as a service with simultaneous access to all major public clouds through a single console. The solution allows customers to access the cloud services they want while maintaining control of their data on-premise, avoiding lock in and egress fees and enabling customers to meet regulatory and compliance requirements. And APEX Backup Services, which provides scalable, secure data protection with centralized monitoring and management for SaaS applications, end points and hybrid workloads. The solution offers all-in-one protection with backup disaster recovery and long-term data retention and a 100% SaaS-based offering with no infrastructure to manage. FY '23 will be about continuing to push the innovation agenda in APEX, Telco, Edge and multi-cloud. As these growth initiatives become more actually material, we will provide more detail. In closing, we enter FY '23 in a solid demand environment across our businesses and with a lot of confidence.  And with that, I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet : Thanks, Chuck. In Q4, we delivered record revenue of $28 billion, up 16%, driven by another record quarter for CSG and continued growth in ISG with demand for servers and storage well ahead of revenue. Gross margin was $5.8 billion, flat year-over-year at 20.8% of revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 320 basis points lower primarily due to higher-than-anticipated component and logistics costs and higher CSG mix. We continue to take pricing actions to manage the impact of commodity and logistics cost variability. Part shortages and supply chain risk remain across the economy, and we expect ISG backlog to remain elevated through at least the first half of fiscal '23. Operating expense was $3.6 billion, roughly flat year-over-year at 13% of revenue with the full year fiscal year '22 OpEx rate at 14.7%. We continue to invest for long-term growth but did benefit from lower compensation and benefits in the period. Looking ahead to fiscal year '23, we expect OpEx as a percentage of revenue to be slightly higher than fiscal year '22 and as we invest in the business, employees return to work, and we engage in more business-related travel. Operating income was a record $2.2 billion, up 1% at 7.8% of revenue. This was slightly lower than our November guidance given the impact of supply chain disruptions. Net income was $1.4 billion, up 2%, with growth in operating income and a decline in interest expense due to the reduced debt balances, offset by an increase in our effective tax rate. Our tax rate was 25.1%, higher than we expected at the time of our Q3 earnings call. The higher rate was driven by corporate transactions including the refinancing and tender we executed in December. The combined effect reduced income in higher tax jurisdictions resulting in lower utilization of available tax credits. The total tax impact was a reduction of approximately $0.19 to diluted non-GAAP EPS. Fully diluted EPS was $1.72, and down 2% with diluted share count increasing to 810 million shares as a result of the VMware spin. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.7 billion, up 3% at 9.6% of revenue and was $9.7 billion, up 12% for the full year. Our recurring revenue is approximately $5 billion a quarter, up 12%. Our remaining performance obligations, or RPO, is approximately $42 billion, up 20% and includes deferred revenue plus committed contract value not included in deferred revenue. Dell Financial Services originations in Q4 were $2.7 billion, up 12%. DFS ended the quarter with $13.5 billion in total managed assets. Turning to our cash flow and balance sheet. We generated strong cash flow as our cash flow from operations was $3.1 billion in Q4, mainly driven by top line growth and $2.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA. Q4 adjusted free cash flow was $3 billion. We are happy with the disciplined management of our working capital, although we continue to see higher inventory levels given the supply chain dynamics and component availability. We expect inventory balances to come down as the supply chain situation improves over the coming year. We repaid $10.6 billion of debt funded primarily with $9.3 billion in VMware dividend proceeds and retired $1.7 billion in existing long-dated high-coupon notes, funded through $2.25 billion in new bonds and balance sheet cash. The refinancing activity will save approximately $70 million in annual interest expense. We exited Q4 with a core debt balance of $16.1 billion and a cash and investments balance of $11.3 billion. Turning to capital allocation. As we have previously mentioned, we intend to return on average 40% to 60% of our adjusted free cash flow to shareholders over time. We repurchased 11.6 million shares of Class C common stock in Q4, totaling $659 million. And our intent is to continue buying shares going forward programmatically as we manage dilution and opportunistically return capital to shareholders, consistent with our capital allocation framework. Additionally, since the end of Q4 and through the close of business last Friday, we have repurchased an additional 4.2 million shares for $248 million. Program to date, we have repurchased approximately 5.4% of the outstanding Class C common stock. To complement our share repurchase program, our Board has approved a Q1 dividend of $0.33 per share. We expect the cash impact of our quarterly dividend payments to be approximately $1 billion or roughly $1.32 per share for the full year, and we expect to have the opportunity over time to grow our dividend at least consistent with our long-term EPS growth in each case, subject to future Board approvals. For more details on the dividend announcement, please review today's press release and Form 8-K. Alongside capital return to shareholders, we will continue to invest in the business delever toward our 1.5x gross core leverage goal and pursue targeted M&A. Before I provide thoughts on Q1 and full year guidance, I would like to invite Jeff back for a few comments on Ukraine.
Jeff Clarke : Thanks, Tom. Regarding Ukraine. First and foremost, our thoughts are with those families who have lost loved ones and all who are impacted. Our top priority at this time is supporting our Ukrainian team members as they attempt to relocate to a safe and secure environment. We are closely monitoring things and are working with employees to address their personal and family situations. As for business operations in the region, the situation is rapidly evolving, and we will share more details as they become available. Back to you, Tom. 
Tom Sweet : Thanks, Jeff. Turning to Q1 and fiscal year '23. We're optimistic about the overall macroeconomic environment with global IT spending projected in the mid-single digits.  Digital transformation is a top priority for our customers, and it's fueling our growth as our customers look to Dell as their partner in their multi-cloud journey. Against that backdrop, we expect Q1 revenue between $24.5 billion and $25.7 billion, up 11% at the midpoint with CSG and ISG growing. For non-GAAP tax rate, you should assume 20% plus or minus 100 basis points, driven by higher overall U.S. tax on foreign earnings and lower interest expense going forward. This guidance assumes U.S. rates are not affected by any tax reform. And based on my earlier share repurchase commentary, we expect Q1 diluted share count between 785 million to 790 million shares. Netting this out, we expect non-GAAP diluted EPS in the range of $1.25 to $1.50, up 2% at the midpoint. I recognize that our EPS range is slightly wider than normal but given a more dynamic component availability in logistics environment and elevated backlog, particularly in ISG, I believe it is appropriate. For fiscal year '23, we're coming off a very strong year with record performance in fiscal year '22. As a starting point, we suggest you align fiscal year '23 financial expectations with our long-term value creation framework, and we will provide an updated perspective on the year as we move forward. As a reminder, that's revenue growth in the 3% to 4% range and EPS growth at 6% or better over the long term. We also expect to deliver solid free cash flow and return significant capital back to shareholders with our announced dividend and share buybacks. As we think about Ukraine, I will reiterate that, first and foremost, our thoughts are with everyone who has been impacted in support and supporting our team members in region as we closely monitor the developing news there. While our direct revenue exposure to Ukraine and Russia is minimal on a percentage basis, it is too early to determine any broader potential impact to our Q1 guidance and our initial thoughts on fiscal year '23. In closing, we delivered an extraordinary year with record revenue, operating income, EPS and cash flow. We delivered significant shareholder value through the spinoff of VMware, the sale of Boomi and disciplined and consistent debt paydown, resulting in an investment-grade rating. We also introduced a comprehensive capital allocation framework and began shareholder capital return actions with share buybacks and the announcement of a dividend. We remain focused on executing our strategy to consolidate and modernize our core and build new growth engines that enable our customers' multi-cloud future while delivering revenue and EPS growth with strong free cash flow to our shareholders over time.  With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams : Thanks, Tom. Let's go to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question. It allows to get to as many of you as possible. Erica, can you introduce the first question?
Operator: We'll take our first question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross : I was wondering if you can talk about how -- in general, how you're managing price increases. And given the pressures you're seeing on components and obviously, the questions geopolitically and everything that's going on right now, how should we think about timing of the benefit of these price increases to run through both CSG and ISG. And also, if you can talk about whether or not you think the moves will be sufficient enough to offset inflation in the component costs or if there -- at some point, you -- or maybe nobody knows, but at some point, you start to see some pushback because of elasticity of demand.
Tom Sweet : Shannon, let me chat a little bit about that, then I'll ask Jeff and potentially Chuck to weigh in as well. So look, in general, as you think about management of price increases, what we have been doing as we see costs that have been moving upward on us, effectively, given the volatility we're seeing particularly in the semiconductor space and the dynamics of when parts are arriving at our various factories, we have been adjusting prices as appropriate. I think part of the dynamic that we're seeing right now, though, is that given the fact that we do have elevated backlog, any price increases you're seeing are generally somewhat muted as you think through the impact to the P&L, given that it's got a flow through backlog. And so to the extent you have elevated backlog, which we clearly do in ISG and we're at the upper end of what we would characterize as the new normal in CSG, that's going to be a bit of a headwind in terms of the pricing activities ultimately manifesting themselves in the P&L. But our perspective is, look, to adjust prices as appropriate, we're always mindful of the market dynamic, to your point around elasticity but we're also in an inflationary environment, which we're in, and we see that across multiple industries as you would all know, it's appropriate that we readjust pricing and make sure that we're getting appropriate value for our solutions. Jeff or Chuck, I don't know if you would add anything to that?
Jeff Clarke : Maybe a couple of comments, Shannon. One is, as we look at total input costs, we just went through an inflationary period in Q4. We think component costs go down slightly in Q1, offset by a flat to probably slightly increasing logistics costs to move material around to the factories when they're delivered. So one of our biggest challenges that we've been working through is chasing those costs that are associated with the volatility, the uncertainty of when parts show up out of factories that we can move them to our subassembly facilities turn them all into finished products. And it's that volatility, if you will, or uncertainty that we're certainly is catching us a little bit, maybe surprise. We didn't see as much expedites of moving material around, which led to some of the compression margin that we've talked about. And so it's that precise thing that we're trying to get even more accurate about. When you look at the pricing environment that we're operating in today, as costs go up, it's being transferred into price, whether that's commercial PCs, whether that's the premium consumer side of our business, we're seeing the same thing broadly across the server base and the same is true in our storage base. So that cost is being transferred into price as efficiently as we can, where we understand it and it could be planful and mindful. It's that volatility and uncertainty that is -- I don't know if it's the right word to describe it, that it can't plan for it and we're responding as fast as we can. And the higher levels of backlog, it's less efficient at capturing it. I hope that helped.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: So just maybe when we think about the context of the full year from a demand perspective and all of the different moving pieces from a supply chain, I think Tom and Jeff and Chuck all mentioned in the second half of the year is at the early, so we're going to see some improvement. Is that what sort of underpinning sort of the long-term framework sort of reiteration that we're thinking about? And if so, -- is there a way to quantify potentially what that revenue impact is from supply chain right now? I know it's sort of a difficult question to answer. But just trying to get a sense for how revenue is being held back by the supply chain at this point?
Tom Sweet: David, I think you have to think about it like that. And as we think about the year right now, and let me reiterate that we're optimistic about the year from a demand environment perspective with what we know today, that we do expect -- the guidance I gave you around Q1 revenue and a midpoint of 11% year-over-year growth, we will continue to work our way through the supply chain dynamics, but particularly within first with ISG, we do expect those headwinds to be with us at least through the first half of the year, right? And so I think you've got a -- as we laid out the long-term guidance for you, I want you to think about how your sequentials interact as you go through the year, but I think a good starting point is the long-term framework. And clearly, as the situation becomes clearer in terms of the logistics dynamics that and the supply chain that we're seeing, we'll update you. The other point I'd like to make, though, is around -- although we've talked about ISG backlog being at an elevated level. We do expect, quite frankly, a little bit of headwind in the CSG space in Q1 with -- particularly with desktops given some of the component shortages we're seeing. So those are the navigation that we're going to have to do as we work our way through the first quarter and quite frankly, I think the first half, but optimistic about the year. And as you work your way through your modeling, I think just keep in mind that the concept of perhaps normal sequentials aren't quite as -- it's been a few years of variability as we've worked our way through the year. But again, I think the year as we see it today, we're optimistic about the full year framework that we've laid out.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Jeff, you noted growth in commercial PC and premium consumer to continue into fiscal '23. I was wondering how you're thinking about the growth? How concerned are you about inventory levels? I know you noted that CSG backlog is expected to improve -- increase here in the near term. And any help you can give us about how you're thinking about ASP trends as well, given the moving pieces on the commodity environment?
Jeff Clarke : Sure, Wamsi. I think that was 3 different questions. I'll try to get to all of them. So first off, if we step back and we look at the environment, we've just gone through 3 consecutive years of growth getting the PC industry back to roughly 350 million units and the TAM we believe has been reset. And if you look at where a large percentage of that growth has come from, it's come from commercial PCs and consumer PCs, generally an area that we're very strong in, commercial PCs represent roughly 75% of our revenues. Our view is those 2 premium sectors continue to grow. In calendar '22 or fiscal '23, we have commercial PCs growing mid-single digits, and we have premium consumer PCs growing low single digits. We obviously expect to take share on top of those numbers. Where the pressure will be is in low end and mid consumer price bands and in Chrome. You've heard us probably talk about this not all units are created equal. Some units are more valuable than others, we believe we play in the most valuable space commercial PCs and premium consumer PCs. So we're optimistic that we grow those valuable sectors, so the market grows in those valuable sectors, and we can continue to be a consolidator there. If we look at the ASP trends, the ASP trends have continued to move up as the commodity base has been inflationary. And then clearly, what I mentioned earlier, the increased cost in moving material moving parts associated logistics costs, have certainly driven a pricing action as well. The pricing environment that we see today that I mentioned a little bit earlier, is there is pressure as inventory levels come back to norm on mid-range to low end consumer price bands and into Chrome. We still see challenges in getting all of the material for the premium price points in consumer and in commercial. So that's why Tom just made a reference, for example, in desktops and displays, we actually see backlog building demand ahead of supply, if you will, in Q1, as we've spent the last 2 quarters, reducing the backlog of our PC business.  And in terms of absolute inventory, we've continued to take material we know that we need because if you don't take it, it's going somewhere else. That environment largely exists in the most valuable commodities. I think I got all those answered.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Tom Sacconaghi] with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi : It's Toni Sacconaghi. I’ve had my last name mess occurred a lot but not my first name. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to peel back the guidance a little bit more. So if I look at Q1 you're guiding for down about 11% sequentially, you're typically down 8%, I think, is the average over the last 5 years. It sounds like you're going to build backlog in PCs. Are you anticipating that your ISG backlog is also going to grow? Or is there -- is it solely attributable to PCs? And then again, thinking about the full year, if you're guiding for 11% growth in Q1, and you have kind of normal seasonality in Q2, it calls for negative growth in the second half. And it sounds like ISG will get stronger over the course of the year. So that means pretty negative growth in PCs overall. Is that the message you're trying to communicate? Or what's wrong with my logic there?
Tom Sweet : Yes. Look, I don't think we see negative growth in PCs overall, Toni. And I think...
Toni Sacconaghi : In the second half.
Tom Sweet : I just think, as I said, we expect ISG and CSG to grow in Q1. Yes, there are headwinds, and we do expect ISG backlog to expand in Q1. And with what we understand about PC component availability, we do expect some PC backlog growth, that's the reason for some of the caution in one in the revenue dynamics I gave you, but more importantly, in some of the EPS spread that I gave you, just given some of the variability that we see. As we work our way, if you think about sort of the midpoint of that guidance, I think that we see positive growth through the remainder of the year overall with what we know today. So we can take this offline from a modeling perspective, but that's our thinking right now. We're optimistic about the year. The trends are in our favor. There is some short-term navigation we need to do with the supply chain dynamics.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
James Suva : I just have 1 question. And that is you commented on your prepared comments about assessing the Western Digital situation. I just wanted to get some color. I assume it's not that you got some contaminated bad drives out into your inventory and into the system. I assume it has more to do with supply availability and maybe even pricing. Is that right? And I assume or to us know that you have more than 1 supplier for that and kind of what you meant by those commentaries for various outcomes?
Jeff Clarke : Happy to answer, Jim. Yes, we have multiple partners in the world of NAND and SSDs for both client and enterprise class products. The reference that I was making is the announcement by Kioxa and Western Digital about the contamination that occurred in their factories, which means product in the factories today is contaminated. And sometime in the future, there's going to be a gap. Typically, when there's a gap of supply in a commodity that is great demand, we see pricing pressure. So what we're trying to communicate is there's an unknown of a reasonably large size those 2 companies represent a large vintage of output and that output is at risk with the contaminated factories that will have a supply impact in the future, and we're just signaling that going forward. I hope that -- did I answer it? I hope. I think I did. That was great color.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: You've made this comment about having drawn down some of the backlog in PCs, but then expecting backlog to build after the quarter. And I guess I'm trying to really split hairs a bit and understand is the rebuild of a backlog, the result of demand or supply constraints or a combination you could unpack what's leading to backlog rising again.
Jeff Clarke : Do you want me take that one, Tom?
Tom Sweet : Why don’t you start, Jeff? And I'll jump.
Jeff Clarke : If we look at each of the categories, what we're signaling is the semiconductor shortage that we've been talking about for a long time persists. Trailing nodes, whether it be a 40-nanometer node, a 55-nanometer node, 60-nanometer node, et cetera, a plethora of parts that go across all our devices continue to be in short supply. The output of that supply is nonlinear, meaning that sometimes it comes and sometimes it doesn't, sometimes it shows up on time, sometimes it's delayed. Working through that and taking advantage of our assembly capacity is ultimately the challenge and timing and the optimization that we're running through. So what we're signaling is that semiconductor shortage continues to hit our CSG product, most notably in our high-end display business and desktops, as Tom called out. And demand -- we see demand continuing and our supply is short of that demand, hence the backlog growth. On the server side, same sort of thing with network controllers and micro controllers and power ICs. Those have been the ones that I've called out into the past. They continue to be in short supply and demand is ahead of that supply, hence the backlog build. And then a very similar trend, which we saw in Q4, we believe continues through the first half of this year, which is in storage notably around the FPGAs and CPLDs all of the high-speed programmable logic devices that are in those controllers that we need, again, demand ahead of supply backlog build. So that's what we're signaling. We're signaling, I think in Chuck's remarks in my remarks, growth in our businesses, but it's challenged with the supply.
Simon Leopold : So just to paraphrase to make sure we all understand, demand is stable, supply chain is worse?
Jeff Clarke: Supply chain continues to be challenged. It's pretty dynamic. There's a fair amount of uncertainty. It has worsened in Q4 in servers and in storage. We think that continues into the first half and after 2 years -- or 2 quarters, excuse me, of backlog burn down on the PC side in those 2 categories of displays and desktops, it has worsened.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani : Question. I guess I have one as well. If I think about the EPS growth in fiscal '22 and you talk about a long-term framework of 6% EPS growth. How does that break up, you think, in '23 between stock buybacks versus operating profit dollar growth. And maybe on the operating profit dollar growth you can just talk about, do you see CSG and ISG margins going up in '23? Or what other puts and takes there that would be helpful.
Tom Sweet : Yes. Amit, as it relates to the EPS growth that we chatted about are 6% plus, right? So Look, I think you got to think about like this. When we introduced -- if you remember the capital -- as you recall the capital allocation framework, which is 40% to 60% shareholder capital return, through a combination of share buyback and dividends. Obviously, we've enacted that -- we are using the share buyback program to manage dilution principally coming out of the LTI programs and the dilution that came out of the VMware spend. And so from our perspective, as you move forward, if you think about our Q1 guidance, for instance, I do think that you should expect that we're in the quarter somewhere around 785 million to 790 million shares from an EPS, our share count perspective. And then we'll be somewhat programmatic as we move forward. And so well, I don't want to get into forecasting share buyback. I will tell you that we will be thoughtful about how we do that. We do expect as it relates to operating profit margin, look, I think overall, on an overall annual basis, somewhere in the -- I think if you look at consistently, we've been around [7.7, 7.8] over the last number of years from an op inc perspective. I think we're probably somewhere [7.7], maybe slightly right around that range as you look for the year. I don't want to get into overall op margins by business. That's not something we give guidance on. But I will tell you that, look, I mean, part of what's going to be interesting for us is as we continue to drive storage demand, there is opportunity for operating margin and ISG to continue to expand. Obviously, from a CSG perspective, the last couple of years have been quite strong from an operating margin perspective. More historically, they have not been quite as strong. Some of this -- there will be some variability this year as we work our way through supply chain the mix of the business and the demand dynamics. But overall, we think profitability should be reasonable.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: I just wanted to ask about the implied margin trajectory into fiscal Q1 in the guidance. It looks like you're guiding at least down at the EBIT level, that margin down a little bit. And I wonder whether or at least you'd be willing to say that that's kind of where you see the bottom on margins? Or do you think there's potential for margins to deteriorate further? And then I have a follow-up to that.
Tom Sweet : Rod, I would think as you think about our guidance for Q1, I think if I walk the P&L for you a little bit, we gave you a revenue range obviously of 24.5 billion to 25.7 billion. We did talk about a tax rate of 20%. I gave you some indication on where we think OpEx needs is probably going to trend for the year. But I would think in Q1 that's pretty consistent as you bring OpEx up from that 14.7 by roughly, call it, 40 basis points, 40 basis points to 50 basis points as we move through the year. And then you think about the EPS I gave you, you've gotten the tax rate. I think interest and other is an area that we should chat about quickly just because if you did Q4 times 4, given the amount of debt repay, you get somewhere around $1.3 billion of interest and other. I do think there will be, at some point during the year, probably later in the year, as we continue to focus on delevering, as we've talked about, moving to 1.8x down to 1.5x core leverage that we will do some debt repayment. That probably -- since I've used -- I don't have any more prepayable debt, that's probably somewhere -- there will be a make well premium there. So somewhere in probably safe to say somewhere in the $150 million to $200 million for the full year on -- for INO, so you're closer to [1.5]. I think if you put all of those pieces together, you're going to come up to an operating or gross margin in Q1 that's slightly higher than where we ended Q4, given some of the mix of business as we look at it today. So that's -- I think that's generally how we're thinking about Q1.
Rob Williams : I'm going to try and keep moving here just in the interest of folks get on the call for a question. So I appreciate your question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee : My question was really on the VMware relationship or the reseller relationship here. If I'm doing my math right, it does look like the revenue is translating to the profit line roughly an operating loss in the quarter of about $70 million or so. So I just wanted to check if I'm doing the math right there. And if that's the quarterly run rate we should be assuming going forward? Or is there some seasonality to that we should be mindful of. And certainly, how to think about sort of getting that back to a positive run rate in the future, what time period we should be thinking about?
Tom Sweet : Yes, Samik, it's $70 million is what's the total of that other business, which includes both principally VMware Resell, also has Virtustream and SecureWorks in it. I think on the broader frame in terms of VMware and what that resell relationship looks like, we've spent the last 5 years growing that business and that relationship with VMware. And we've taken the VMware revenue, the Dell contribution of VMware revenue up to somewhere roughly sort of in the 30% -- mid-30% range in terms of VMware total contribution. As we've talked about in the past, our focus over that last -- that period of time was about velocity of VMware in terms of driving revenue and margin with -- on the VMware solution capability. So with that said, as we now have separated, if you will, through the VMware spin, we do have work to do on pricing and on working our way through the 5 years of those VMware relationships and contracts with our customers, and we are focused on resetting pricing and process over time. So I do think that it's going to take us a bit of time to move that needle in terms of the operating loss you're seeing, which is, to be fair, principally, a lot of that is -- most of that is the VMware Resell dynamic. And so I think that's probably at least a 24-month journey as we think about how do we move that forward. I view it as an opportunity. We've got opportunity to improve that and drive better profitability there over time, but it will -- it's going to take some work there.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Co
Krish Sankar : My question is more about like the forecast. I think Jeff, or Tom or Chuck, you mentioned about 3% to 4% revenue growth. And given the fact that demand is exceeding supply, supply constraint and you kind of missed the gross margin numbers. Kind of curious, like Dell has historically been known for excellent inventory management. So how much of the demand forecast is actually tied to supply? And could supply concerns impact your demand forecast at this point?
Tom Sweet : Well, look, I -- and Jeff and Chuck should jump in here, I tend to think about it like that. Supply is constrained right now. But our job working with our selling organization, working with our customers to try and capture demand and bring demand in-house and make sure we're selling the configurations that we believe we have component availability for. So I think the team does a great job with that. And if you think about our model being roughly 50% direct and 50% through the channel, we have the opportunity to shape demand. That said, I mean, there are supply constraints throughout the industry. That are impacting us and are causing incremental cost, as Jeff highlighted, as given the logistics chain as parts are arriving late and we're having to move product around. So there has been some pressure on gross margin, and you noticed that in Q4. I think that's something that we're pricing for as we see it. Pricing efficiency as long as you have an elevated backlog well is a bit challenging. And ultimately, that pricing will manifest itself through the P&L as we clear backlog. So look, I think overall, I think as we think about gross margin for the year, I do think that our perspective is, is that it does tend to trend up gradually over the course of the year, not , but there's work to do to get it there.
Jeff Clarke : Tom, maybe in addition to that is, look, we spent the quarter looking at the part profile and optimizing shipments, taking care of our customers and the commitments we gave to our customers. We know we incurred incremental cost to do that. There's no question. And we were chasing cost with price and with a building backlog with the demand that we spoke to, we didn't catch it. But we know we made the right decision in the best long-term interest of the company by serving our customers. Our business, our Dell model, we'll work through this. This is what our supply chain team does. Our model is differentiated. We have -- we believe the purest demand signal in the marketplace. We transmit that to our supply chain quicker and better than most in the industry. We're capable of demand shaping with our direct selling model and our product leverage and product development model allows us to move and qualify more material, which is what we've been doing. I think we've navigated the last 2 years quite well as much as we may be saying backlog wins or headwinds in front of us, our supply chain team loves this stuff. This is what they do and we're going to serve our customers, and we will find a way to overcome.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. 
Aaron Rakers : I wanted to ask a little bit about backlog. I know in the slide deck, you talked about, I think it was $41 billion or $42 billion of remaining performance obligations. And if I look at that number, last quarter, I think you actually disclosed that, that was 36 billion, but today, you're disclosing that was 41 billion. So I guess I'm curious of what the difference is, if there's a change in the accounting of that. And then when I look at that, that difference of that RPO relative to deferred, that $14 billion, that's up from $9.4 billion a year ago, is that how we should think about the backlog that you've built? And do you think that you exit this next year at a more normalized backlog level? And what would that maybe look like?
Tom Sweet : Well, look -- hey, Aaron, it's Tom. So as you think about RPO, if I look at Q3 backlog, our RPO, I apologize, it was $41 billion, moved to $42 billion, right? So -- and you look at the ins and outs of that, which is we had talked about the fact that backlog build was pretty significant at the end of Q3. What you saw happen in Q4 was we actually took. We were actually able to reduce backlog in the client base, but we built backlog in the ISG space. And as you might imagine, that has -- those businesses have different margin profiles, which was one of the sort of constraints or impacts on Q4 gross margin and profitability that was recorded in the P&L. In terms of what's in the RPO, I mean, there's backlog change plus there's deferred revenue component of that plus long-term contracts that we have not yet recognized in deferred revenue, but where we have performance obligations remaining. So there's a mix up of types of services and capabilities in there. And so we can take that. We can further go through that with you, if that would be helpful. So...
Rob Williams: Erica, let's give one last question then here to our newest lead analyst in the space who joined a little late here.
Operator: We'll take our final question from [Eric Woodridge] of Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate it, guys. Maybe I'll just end the Q&A with a question on cash flow, right? Maybe how should we think about cash flow growth tracking relative to operating your net income next year? I realize you don't guide to it, but just any qualitative or quantitative thoughts that you can share there? And then any specific puts and takes we should be thinking about as we go through the year, either on a seasonal basis or just overall for the year? But that's it for me.
Tom Sweet : Yes. Look, we -- and Eric welcome, by the way. But as we think about cash flow, we don't guide on cash flow, but if you remember, our long-term financial framework where you talked about adjusted free cash flow being at least 100% or better from -- of net income. I think that trend holds true. If you look at our historical performance, you'd be somewhere around 1.1 to 1.3 sort of ratios there over the last number of years. It's probably a reasonable proxy to think about for the coming year. Look, I think we do have seasonal patterns in our cash flow. I think you realized that, right? Q1 typically is our weakest cash flow quarter. Q2 and Q4 have generally been our stronger cash flow quarters based upon seasonal patterns of revenue and Q3 has been relatively a little bit softer. Those are historical patterns. Having said that, I'll tell you that over the last few years, some of those patterns have changed on us given how demand has flown and given the effects of the pandemic. But I think overall, we feel really good about our cash flow generation ability. If you look over the last 4 years, on average, we've grown adjusted free cash flow by roughly 9% CAGR over that period of time, while growing revenue at a [6%] CAGR and growing EPS at a 16% CAGR. So our cash flow generation I think it's quite strong. I think the team has done a nice job of managing their way with the balance sheet or managing and disciplined in the balance sheet. And so I feel good about our cash flow generation. I don't know, Tyler, if you would add anything to that at this point?
Tyler Johnson : I think you gave a pretty good overview. So no, Tom, nothing to add.
Tom Sweet : All right. Thanks, everyone. We'll see you in 2 weeks in Morgan Stanley in San Francisco and Raymond James in Orlando and look for information from us on a technology-based discussion from Dell Technology World in early May. That wraps it. Talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2021-11-23 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2022 Third Quarter Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Jemaira, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Chuck Whitten, Tom Sweet and Tyler Johnson. Our press release, financial tables, web deck, prepared remarks and additional materials are available on our IR website. The guidance section will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless we otherwise indicate, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted free cash flow as well as an estimated non-GAAP revenue, operating income and EPS from continuing operations. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Certain items contained in our earnings materials are presented on a continuing operations basis, giving effect to the VMware spinoff. These amounts represent management's current estimate of continuing operations' financial results. Final amounts presented on a continuing operations basis will be provided in our Form 10-K for fiscal 2022 and subsequent Form 10-Q filings. Amounts are subject to change with no obligation to reconcile these estimates. Additionally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Chuck.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks, Rob, and hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We're three quarters into what will prove to be a historic year for Dell. As Michael said at our September Analyst Meeting, we're just beginning to write the next chapter of the Dell Technologies story. During that meeting and with industry analysts at our annual Dell Technologies Summit in October, we shared our view on the IT industry, our strategy going forward and our view on long-term value creation. We'd emphasized four key points from those sessions. First, we are uniquely positioned in the data and multi-cloud era with durable advantages, market-leading positions and the financial flexibility to drive sustained profitable growth. Second, our ISG and CSG core businesses are attractive. They sit in large markets estimated at $670 billion in TAM and are projected to grow in the low single digits over the next few years. We have ample headroom for growth, a track record of gaining share and are pursuing a differentiated strategy to consolidate and modernize our core business, including through our APEX-branded as-a-service solutions. In CSG, our differentiation comes from our unique direct sales motion and strategic channel program. Our focus on the most stable and premium parts of the PC market and our strong attach motion, which captures the value around the device as customers seek exceptional experiences and improved productivity by buying more software and peripherals. And for ISG, our leadership positions give us a unique ability to solve customer problems as data proliferates and infrastructure becomes more distributed, hybrid and software-driven, where you're number one in x86 in mainstream server revenue and we are also number one in all external storage categories with the most extensive and diverse storage portfolio in the industry. Our storage business addresses each segment of the market with a differentiated architecture optimized for workload needs. And of course, our alliance with VMware is unique in the industry. We've honed a first and best technical and commercial motion that enables faster time to market and differentiated jointly engineered solutions. The third point we'd highlight is the attractive new growth opportunities that surround our business, $650 billion in additional market opportunity growing at an 8% CAGR through 2024. These are markets where we have a unique right to win and are driving real innovation today, markets like telco and edge, to name just two examples. And lastly, we are firmly committed to creating shareholder value with an attractive long-term financial framework, balanced capital allocation strategy and track record of delivering consistent results in any environment. Our year-to-date and Q3 financial results, along with our steady strategic progress, offer compelling proof of these points and our long-term strategy. Let's start with our core markets and execution. Demand for our solutions remains strong as global economic recovery and widespread digital transformation reset IT demand to higher levels. Against that backdrop and despite the difficult supply environment, we again delivered great performance in Q3, with strong growth in all three business units, all regions and broad strength across our commercial PC, server and notably, most of our storage portfolio. We gained share in servers, storage and PCs, according to the latest reported IDC results. As we look forward, all signposts point to continued strong market demand, and we intend to continue winning in the consolidation and gaining share over the long term. Our strategy is not just to win in the consolidation but also to modernize our business, and our APEX-branded solutions are important to that future. Though it is still early days, we're pleased with our technical progress and the momentum across our family of as-a-service offerings, which will continue to expand going forward. For example, in October, we announced APEX Cloud Services with VMware Cloud, a terrific example of our first and best alliance with VMware, that solution gives organizations the ability to move workloads across multiple cloud environments and scale resources quickly with predictable pricing and transparent costs. Turning to our growth engines. As I said, edge and telecom are two perfect examples of the types of markets we are looking to disrupt, and we delivered a steady stream of innovation in these spaces in Q3. For the edge, we introduced VxRail satellite nodes and updates to our streaming data platform. For telecom, we introduced new bare metal orchestrator software, multiple reference architectures to accelerate ORAN and edge deployments and a new service offering called Respond and Restore for Telecom. We're encouraged by our ability to simultaneously deliver in our core while driving innovation in new growth markets. And we will continue to pursue adjacent growth to our market positions, customer relationships, and durable competitive advantages give us a unique right to solve customer problems in the data and multi-cloud era. Let me conclude with our commitment to long-term shareholder value. Since the September meeting, we have hit a few major milestones in our efforts to simplify our corporate structure and create financial flexibility to drive future growth. We completed the transaction to spin off VMware, and we closed the Boomi divestiture, each resulting in a more simplified corporate structure. In addition, we have returned to an investment-grade corporate rating, which opens up the opportunity for a more balanced capital allocation strategy. To sum up, we remain confident that our market positions, articulated strategy, durable competitive advantages, commitment to disciplined capital allocation and importantly, our culture and track record of execution are great for customers and our team members and create an attractive near- and long-term opportunity for shareholders. Q3 was a great example of these winning elements coming together, and we're just getting started. With that, let me now turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Chuck, and hello, everyone. I started off last quarter's call by saying in this incredibly unpredictable environment, we delivered our best second quarter ever. We now have delivered our best third quarter ever and we are on track for an historic year. The constant through all the change over the past 18 months is the unprecedented demand for technology. It is clear, technology is more essential today than ever before. We are clearly winning in the core and this keeps us at the center of our customers' IT and digital agendas. Three quarters into our fiscal year, Dell Technologies has seen a record revenue of $79 billion, up 16%, along with record operating income of $8.4 billion, up 12%. For the third quarter, we delivered 21% of revenue growth as we saw broad-based growth across our business. Similar to last quarter, demand remains ahead of revenue growth as we continue to navigate industry-wide supply constraints driven primarily by integrated circuits. We shipped a record number of products globally in Q3 and have leveraged our strengths: a multi-decade operational excellence, product design flexibility, coupled with less complexity and our direct model with its high-quality demand signal and ability to shape demand. We are also delivering on our commitment to innovation. We launched a number of new offerings during the quarter. Out of our growing telecom business, we introduced bare metal orchestration software to give cloud service providers a flexible and cost-effective way to deploy and operate their open cloud-native network infrastructure. In storage, we announced network attached storage software and hardware innovation for power scale, providing organizations with more flexible consumption, management, protection and cybersecurity capabilities. Additionally, we launched the industry's first end-to-end NVMe TCP SAN solution, featuring smart fabric storage software, which provides the intelligence for automated storage connectivity at scale. And in client, we are pairing Windows 11 with our Dell Optimizer built-in intelligence to deliver the most personalized productive computing experience on the world's most intelligent business PCs. We believe the introduction of Windows 11 will continue to drive demand in PCs. Lastly, as Chuck mentioned, our first and best partnership with VMware continued to demonstrate our joint ability to deliver differentiated offers with the announcement of APEX Cloud Services with VMware Cloud at VMworld. It's multi-cloud done right. Turning to our segment results. Our Infrastructure Solutions Group continue to see positive momentum as enterprise IT spending rebounded and our multiyear investments in the portfolio took hold. ISG delivered revenue growth of 5% to $8.4 billion, which was our third consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Customers across all regions are investing in IT infrastructure focused on multi-cloud solutions and accelerating digital transformation. This investment is driving very strong demand for compute and storage. Operating income was $892 million or 10.6% of revenue. Server and networking revenue was $4.5 billion, up 9%, our fourth consecutive quarter of growth. Both server and networking demand were exceptionally strong and ahead of revenue growth throughout the quarter. Our 15G server ramp accelerated over the quarter and we continue to see positive momentum in high-value workloads. We are pleased with our storage performance in Q3, where we saw storage return to growth with revenue up 1% to $3.9 billion. Our overall storage demand was strong, driven by orders growth of 47% for hyperconverged infrastructure, 26% for data protection and 18% for mid-range storage. Momentum in our mid-range storage business continues to be led by PowerStore, CRN's 2021 Innovator Award for mid-range storage where 23% of PowerStore customers renewed to Dell storage and 28% were repeat buyers. PowerStore is the fastest-ramping storage product in our history. Dell continued to lead the transition to software-defined data center this quarter with customers leveraging the power of VxRail and PowerFlex as the foundation of their multi-cloud strategy. For example, Lowe's is bringing more power and resiliency to the edge, deploying VxRail to handle IT demands in each of its more than 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores in the United States and Canada, helping the Company deliver new capabilities and services that allow its employees to better serve customers during this holiday season and beyond. Turning to CSG. We had another record quarter, driven by the global economic recovery and the new distributed work environment requiring modern devices and advanced productivity solutions. CSG delivered revenue of $16.5 billion, which was up 35%, driven by strong demand across the board: commercial and consumer, notebooks and desktops and across all regions. Commercial revenue was a record at $12.3 billion in Q3, up an unprecedented 40%. We have reached record commercial revenue for each of the last three fiscal years and are on track for another strong year. Consumer revenue was a record at $4.3 billion, up 21% driven by strong growth in notebooks as well as premium and gaming desktops. Our team did a good job navigating the inflationary component cost and logistics environment, resulting in a record CSG operating income of $1.1 billion, up 14% and 6.9% of revenue. Our long-term focus on higher-value and stable segments of the client market is what helps drive our consistent results. Approximately 80% of the industry's revenue and nearly all of the industry's revenue growth has come from commercial PCs and premium consumer PCs, and that is where we are focused. We are driving profitable share gains over the long term, especially in commercial client, where we've gained nearly 400 basis points of share for calendar Q3 according to IDC. For total client, we gained more than 300 basis points of share in calendar Q3, outgrowing the next four PC vendors combined. In addition, we believe our leading share position in displays further expanded during calendar Q3 based on preliminary IDC data. We'll continue to leverage our strong attach motion to capture our share of the opportunity in the broader PC ecosystem. Our client business has delivered dependable and consistent growth throughout multiple cycles, and we believe trends will remain healthy, given businesses around the world are increasingly digitizing and utilizing technology to increase productivity and drive innovation. To close, we are focused on driving consistent growth in our core businesses, where we build customer trust and create insights that power innovation and we are expanding into new growth businesses where we have a unique right to win. With our durable advantages like our broad customer reach, world-class supply chain and modern services delivery network, I believe we are well positioned to win today and into the future. Now let me turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. The digital trends and real-time decision-making at the edge are tailwinds for our Infrastructure business, and we continue to see differentiated opportunities in how we target and execute within the PC space. These trends, along with our strategy and durable advantages, lead us to be optimistic about our long-term growth prospects. We continue to deliver strong results through any environment, and the third quarter was another example of this performance stability. We drove strong growth in revenue and delivered solid profitability growth despite some challenging dynamics. For the third quarter, we saw a record revenue of $28.4 billion, up 21%, driven by growth in all three business units, led by another record quarter for CSG and continued growth in ISG. I was pleased to see the improved demand growth in storage, although it did not all flow to the P&L, given timing and deferrals. Gross margin was $8.4 billion, up 8% and was 29.6% of revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 340 basis points lower, primarily due to a revenue mix shift to CSG along with an inflationary cost environment. As we told you on last quarter's call, component cost would be a headwind in Q3, particularly impacting our elevated units in backlog. We took various actions around pricing and configurations as we navigated through the quarter because of the higher cost. In general, as we've discussed in the past, we will realize a portion of the benefit of these price increases in the quarter in which we take the pricing actions as well as in future quarters. Operating expense was $5.5 billion, up 10% as we invest for long-term growth. And our variable costs such as sales compensation and bonus are running ahead of prior year levels, given our strong performance. As always, we will prudently manage our spending and expenses even as we continue to invest in the business. Operating income was a third quarter record at $2.9 billion, up 5% and 10.1% of revenue. A decline in interest expense due to our reduced debt balances and a decline in our effective tax rate contributed to the 18% growth of consolidated net income to $2 billion and 17% growth in diluted earnings per share to $2.37. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.4 billion, up 6% at 12% of revenue, and for the trailing 12 months, adjusted EBITDA was $13.8 billion, up 14%. Our recurring revenue is approximately $6 billion a quarter, up 13%. Our remaining performance obligations, or RPO, is approximately $47 billion, up 26% and includes deferred revenue plus committed contract value not included in deferred revenue. Excluding VMware, Dell's RPO is approximately $36 billion, up 32% and up 3% sequentially. The sequential growth was driven by an expanded ISG backlog. Dell Financial Service originations in Q3 were $2 billion, down 7%, given a number of customers who have opted to use cash to fund their technology purchases. DFS ended the quarter with $12.6 billion in total managed assets, flat year-over-year. Now turning to our balance sheet and capital structure, which excluding DFS debt, is now fully unsecured. Our cash flow continues to be strong and, as promised, we have repaid substantial debt and delevered the balance sheet. As of today, we have paid down approximately 1/3 of our debt balance from the end of the last fiscal year, and we have paid down $15.9 billion of core and margin loan debt. We are now solidly an investment-grade company, having received upgrades from all three of the major credit rating agencies. For the third quarter, cash flow from operations was $3.3 billion, up 9%, and excluding VMware, it was $2.2 billion. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $13.1 billion, up 45%, and excluding VMware, it was $8.5 billion, up 76%. I'm happy with how we've managed our working capital although we did see higher inventory levels, given the supply chain dynamics and component availability. We expect inventory balances to come down as the supply chain situation improves over the next year. Cash and investments ended the quarter at $24.2 billion and approximately $11.5 billion up for Dell, excluding VMware. Finally, as of last Friday, November 19, we have repurchased approximately 2 million shares. Our intent is to continue buying shares going forward programmatically as we manage dilution and opportunistically return capital to shareholders. Before I talk to our outlook, I'd like to provide a view of our third quarter financial results on a continuing operations basis, which is how prior periods will be recast beginning in the fourth quarter. As explained in Appendix C of our web deck, we currently estimate Q3 revenue from continuing operations was $26.5 billion, operating income was $2 billion and diluted earnings per share was $1.69. It's important to note that our continuing operations financials differ from the pro forma financials we released to date, particularly in the treatment of interest and other in a diluted share count. Please refer to Appendix C of our web deck for further details. Now to our outlook. The macroeconomic environment is healthy across multiple sectors, including IT. Our demand velocity reflects that businesses continue to prioritize their digital transformations to help meet customer needs and improve productivity. Semiconductor shortages, supply chain challenges, heightened logistics costs as well as inflationary input costs are common themes across the economy. We'll leverage our durable competitive advantages to adapt and deliver consistent, predictable results over time. I'll provide more guidance this quarter than is typical to help facilitate our reporting transition to a post-VMware spin basis. As a reminder, our fourth quarter financial results will include VMware reseller revenue. For Q4, on a continuing operations basis, we expect revenue in the range of $27 billion to $28 billion, which implies a 12% to 16% growth. We expect GAAP operating income between $1.65 billion and $1.75 billion and non-GAAP operating income between $2.25 billion and $2.35 billion, which is in line with historical trends. Operating income margin will be up sequentially given Q4 is a seasonally strong storage quarter. We expect a continued net inflationary environment and estimate a modest increase in OpEx as we invest alongside our strong top line growth. Below the operating income line, you should assume 17%, plus or minus 100 basis points, for non-GAAP tax rate and diluted shares in the range of 810 million to 820 million. Additionally, we will benefit from lower interest expense, given the debt reduction we discussed. We expect diluted GAAP earnings per share between $0.97 and $1.16 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share between $1.85 and $2.05. I'll provide guidance for fiscal '23 on our Q4 earnings call. However, I'd reiterate that we expect to see growth in both our CSG and ISG businesses. We expect revenue growth and EPS growth to be consistent with our long-range financial framework, which we discussed during our Analyst Meeting in September. In closing, a quick reminder. ESG remains an important focus for Dell Technologies, and we have a long legacy of engagement with investors. ESG marries our corporate purpose and commitment to value creation to help move societal and business progress forward together. You can find more details on Slide 19 of the web deck. As I look forward, I'm confident in our ability to deliver consistent and predictable financial performance across any economic or IT spending cycle. With our track record of strong operational and strategic execution and our durable competitive advantages, I'm optimistic about the long-term growth prospects for Dell. We are focused on executing our strategy to consolidate and modernize the core and build new growth businesses that enable the multi-cloud future, along with delivering an attractive long-term financial model of 3% to 4% revenue growth and 6% or better diluted earnings per share growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Jamaria, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: We'll take our first question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you for taking the question. I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on the dynamics for operating margins in ISG. They were down 90 basis points sequentially and 40 basis points year-over-year despite improving volumes. And whether you could comment on sort of order growth relative to revenue growth for both storage and for servers and networking? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Toni, it's Tom. Let me sort of take you through how we thought about it and what we're seeing. So from an op margin perspective related to ISG, you correctly highlighted that we're down quarter-on-quarter about 90 basis points from 11.5 to 10.6. I would remind all of you and remind you, Toni, that last quarter, we talked about the increased component cost that would impact us in Q3. And we clearly saw that as we highlighted that, we thought my overall operating margin guidance or operating income guidance last quarter was to be 1% to 2% sequentially, and I think we ultimately came out at 2% this quarter. We did have headwinds with component costs, particularly in the server space. And particularly with the -- as I mentioned again last quarter, with the backlog that was sitting -- the units sitting in backlog at the [indiscernible] which while we did try to adjust prices on some of those units, we did have some negative or some headwinds, I would say, on those shipments as they went out. So that was the principal drag on operating margin in ISG. From an orders growth, we don't really get into demand conversations here, but I would tell you that we saw healthy demand growth in both servers and in storage. Really pleased with what velocity of those two particular lines of business, which is why I highlighted in the RPO that the backlog dynamic that RPO expanded because of the backlog dynamic principally in ISG. So pleased with the velocity and pleased with the overall environment as we see the demand environment as we move forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Yes. Thank you. I wanted to follow up on ISG because Tom, as you said, you made notable comments about ISG backlog growing and also strong storage demand not necessarily converting to the P&L in the quarter. Can you just talk about the shape of demand linearity, why some of that revenue was pushed? And how you see it flowing through in the January quarter, particularly as it relates to whether we should expect an acceleration in storage revenue growth?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, Katy, as it relates to storage demand, I think we've talked about in the past that the storage demand tends to be more back-end loaded in the quarter, and we clearly saw that again this quarter, perhaps a bit more than in prior quarters. And as a result of that, we were not able to convert that backlog to revenue. So much are -- much of that order demand are revenue, I should say. So that was clearly a headwind. Also remember that within my storage solutions that I'm selling, I've got a high degree of software and services that usually get wrapped up into multiyear arrangements that result in it being deferred to the balance sheet. So I've got -- which I think is a good thing, by the way, so I don't want to say that's a negative because ultimately, that gives us a revenue stream in the future. But what -- so that was the principal headwind that we saw, both we built backlog in storage as a result of the linearity, and we also deferred a fair amount of revenue to the balance sheet, just given the service attach rate as well as the software content within the storage.
Chuck Whitten: Maybe, Tom, to add a little bit to that. We're encouraged by storage orders growth because in the most strategic category, software defined storage, we grew 47%, mid-range orders grew 18%, which is now the fourth consecutive quarter our mid-range business has grown. That's on top of taking share in the last third quarter in midrange in Q2. Data protection grew, unstructured data grew and our entry-level orders grew as well in the storage business, so Katy, we remain encouraged by the orders growth. We have the conversion that Tom walked through that we have to continue to work on, but the demand environment in Q3, we're pleased with.
Tom Sweet: Yes. And Katy, I should answer, I guess, the second half of your question, which is around, as you think about what's the implication for Q4 revenue. Look, I think the reality is, as we highlighted in the talk track that we're continuing to face supply chain challenges. And so how much of server demand gets converted or backlog gets converted into shippable revenue is something that the teams are working every day. We have long-standing relationships with our supply chain. But it is a pretty dynamic environment and semiconductors continue to be a challenge, particularly for NIC cards and cards for us. So I think that's going to be one of the things that we're going to have to work our way through as we go through the quarter in terms of how much headwind of supply chain give us. Jeff, I don't know if you'd add anything to that.
Jeff Clarke: I think well said.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. I know you typically don't give free cash flow guide, but in the spirit of giving more color on guidance. Can you talk about cash flow that you're expecting to generate from now here in fiscal 4Q? And how should we expect that to track relative to net income next year? You noted growth in both CSG and ISG next fiscal year with the long-term framework. Should we be thinking of applying that to free cash flow as well? Thank you.
Tyler Johnson: Hey, Wamsi, it's Tyler. So like you said, we don't typically have guidance on Q4. But I would say, look, Q4 tends to be a strong cash flow quarter for us, and I'm expecting those same trends, so looking for a good cash flow quarter. As I look into next year, look, we've talked about the relationship between net income in excess of 100%, and I expect that to continue to hold.
Tom Sweet: Yes, and that's adjusted free cash flow.
Tyler Johnson: Adjusted free cash flow, yes, that's right.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani from Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess, maybe a question on the CSG side. Your ability to think accelerate CSG growth despite compares getting difficult is fairly impressive. So I'm wondering if you can just talk about what are some of the drivers that's driving this outperformance. And how should we think about the durability of the CSG growth as you go forward because you compare that, you get more and more difficult, I think, through the next few quarters now. And related to CSG, maybe the margin discussion you had on ISG, could you just talk about margin performance in CSG, better volumes than, I think, sequentially and year-over-year margins have slowed down?
Jeff Clarke: Okay, Wamsi, this is Jeff. That's a lot of questions in there, at least if I can work my way through them. What we're seeing and why we're encouraged about the demand environment that we've called out and you see it in our performance is our focus being in commercial PCs, premium consumer, gaming and professional workstations, that's where the demand is. That's our strength. That's been our focus. And when we think about the trends that are underway, the do-from-anywhere, work-from-home, learn-from-home, buy-from-home, game-from-home, entertain-from-home, the change in the usage pattern of hybrid workers, what we think is now a reentry of workers back into the office, the addition of Windows 11 and the ability now to move to more mobile platforms and an aged installed base all set up for the demand environment we're seeing today, we believe, continues into next year. So we're encouraged by where the growth is in the marketplace. The areas that certainly have been challenged on the consumer side or the chrome side, we don't have great exposure to. We have exposure to where the growth is. Our execution and I think what is differentiating us today is the fact that we have a differentiated model. We're encountering the same supply chain challenges, the same integrated circuit semiconductor problems that Tom mentioned earlier that everybody else is. What's different is our Dell Direct model, our ability to really understand the pure demand signals from our customers and then equally translate that quickly into our supply base into the demand plan that we go build to. We're able to shape demand. We built an R&D engine that is really optimized to be able to be aligned to our direct way of selling. Translation, we have fewer SKUs, less complexity. We have a design methodology that has interchangeability and leverage and reuse. That gives us tremendous flexibility where components are and being able to do, for example, fast pen calls or pen-to-pen calls and changing out of components. If the Dell model, all the way from its demand engine to how we market to how we shape demand, put that demand signal into the supply chain, the product model that goes with it and then a responsive supply chain that's pretty darn quick. I mean, what I like about our supply chain is we've digitized it over the years. We're now able to do scenario planning and simulations. That simulation allows us to make quicker decisions. In this time and day, quick decisions equal execution. And then you couple that with partnerships that we've built over the past three decades by the leaders that are currently in our organization that go multiple levels down, I think that's a distinguishing characteristic of our performance and our differentiated model today. Does that help?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Amit, I might add on your operating margin comment.
Rob Williams: Wamsi was on it.
Tom Sweet: Amit, my mistake. Thanks for remind me. You are correct, right. Year-over-year, CSG is down roughly 130 basis points on an op margin. I would tell you the phenomenon I just highlighted in server has played out in client as well in the sense of, again, remember that we stepped in from Q2 into Q3 with the most significant component of cost increases in the history of the Company that we've ever seen. And as a result of that, we also -- obviously, with elevated backlogs, working our way through the backlog that was priced at component cost frameworks that perhaps didn't fully reflect the amount of cost increases that were coming through was a challenge that we had to work our way through as we went through the quarter. So that was probably the principal reason you see the 130 basis points design our margin differential. There is some mix dynamics in there as well. And I would recall -- if you would recall back to Q3 a year ago where you saw consumer demand quite high, chrome demand very high, which actually drove actually pretty better profit margins than typical. So, there were some profit margin mix dynamics in there as well that have subsided as we go into -- as we look forward a year -- from a year ago.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about Project APEX. I realize it's pretty early, but I'm wondering if you can maybe give some more details on what you're hearing from customers, how we should think about growth in Project APEX then benefiting the $6 billion, I think, you're now running in terms of recurring revenue. If there's anything we should either not include as we think about growth there and then what runs through your recurring line, or just anything because I'm sure everybody is going to be starting to focus on some of these numbers going forward.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks, Shannon. It's Chuck. I'm going to start on that and then we'll layer in. Look, as we've called out, our immediate focus in FY '22 has been centered on engaging customers and ensuring that our APEX offers are resonating in the marketplace and that we are making progress against our multiyear plans to broaden our APEX portfolio of offers. So while I won't quote specific numbers to your question on customer feedback, first and foremost, what I would say is interest in APEX continues to accelerate, and our pipeline continues to build across the family of offers. And the customer feedback has been good. They're drawn to the simplicity of engaging through our console, the flexibility to adjust based on their needs and the value, obviously, of only paying for what they use. The second thing I would call out is we continue to make good progress in broadening the portfolio, as we called out in our remarks today. We were excited to announce the APEX Cloud Services with VMware Cloud, which is available next year. That's another great proof point of our joint engineering with VMware. So we feel like we're making good progress on APEX. From a financial impact, look, as you said, we're still in very early innings, and we'll provide much more detailed commentary and guidance when it's appropriate. But in the meantime, we're focused on customers and delivering against the technical road maps, as I said.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Yes, thanks for fitting in guys. I just have a couple of -- well, one question really and an expansion on that. But I wanted to check, Tom. You said you had really high backlog, I think very high backlog on CSG due to commercial orders last quarter. And I'm wondering if you work through any of that backlog this quarter, did it remain as high as it is? And then kind of the other flip side of that is, what's the visibility now in that CSG and particularly commercial order volume? Can you see out just February, how far out can you see? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Rod, I will tell you that we did work through some of the elevated backlog in CSG as we worked our way through the quarter. It is still elevated. And that continues to be a challenge for us as we think about component availability as we work our way through Q4. That was why we called out, within my talk track anyway, the fact that we saw ISG backlog expand in terms of the -- that elevated further. CSG, although I didn't explicitly say it, came down somewhat but still elevated. In terms of order visibility, look, I mean, it's hard to call but I mean, overall, the environment remains healthy. We're optimistic about the client space for the reasons Jeff just highlighted earlier. So -- and as that's reflected in the guidance that I provided for Q4. And also, I would remind you that we're also projecting growth for next year in CSG and in ISG. So I think overall, we feel good about the demand environment. It's going to continue to be challenging from a supply chain perspective, and it will be up to us to execute our way through that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. I was just wondering off of all the comments around how you're managing through the current environment. If we think about the current quarter relative to seasonality and mix and then your ability to shape demand versus managed supply chain, can you give us a sense for how it's impacting sort of the implied margins and where you're getting better where it's sort of status quo versus what you've done in the last couple of quarters?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Steve, maybe I'll start and then Chuck and Jeff can jump in as appropriate. I mean, look, we're shaping demand, quite frankly, to the component availability that we have, recognizing that within the CSG space, we're shaping demand towards those areas of focus for us, which is commercial, high-end, consumer, gaming and the related peripheral environment around them. And so pricing is relatively benign or, I should say, stable in terms of the pricing environment. So it really comes down to can we get supply and ensure that we can deliver against our customer commitments there. And Jeff and team are doing a nice job every day of trying to fight their way through the component dynamics that are impacting us. So look, I feel good about our ability to shape demand, given the direct model, our ability to have the sales organization sell the configurations that we have. And in terms of how is that impacting profitability, I think that's a little bit harder to call. All I would tell you is that what we're trying to do is make sure we hit our customer commitments and that we're optimizing for our product, given the shortage in the industry that there is. So we are trying to make sure that our pricing is consistent with the conditions that exist.
Jeff Clarke: Yes. Tom, I would add, look, our flexibility to shape demand to the available supply, I think, is well understood and we do quite well. We priced what the -- for all of the known costs that we have coming into the system. We just went through our largest quarter-over-quarter cost increase that we have seen. The wildcard for us are the costs that we're continuing to work on is logistics. The logistics cost environment today is pretty challenging. Inbound freight, the next guided freight, the fact that we're expediting more things, we've shifted from less ocean to more air. That combination of things, making sure that we understand those input costs into our pricing models, I think, is clearly the challenge that we look to in Q4 and have to work our way through. But our component costs and component availability, I think it's well understood, we can shape. It's all I guess the dynamic for us to work through is really this logistics cost and the variability there.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thanks. Appreciate you take in the question. I imagine this may be a little bit tricky to answer, but I'm trying to get a better understanding of maybe a bridge for the gross margin in terms of the factors either sequentially or year-over-year, leading to the results when I think about the input costs, the product mix and your ability to move to higher ASPs. If we could maybe get some order of magnitude of what are the factors affecting your gross margin and how to think about that as we're modeling going forward, particularly in light of the VMware spin? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Well, Simon, it's Tom. So we don't typically comment on gross margin at a business unit level. I would tell you at a top line level, as we think about dynamics, it's principally going to come down to how do we think about mix as it moves forward into Q4, which I would remind you that Q4 tends to be a higher storage quarter for us. So generally, gross margins improve Q3 to Q4. There is a seasonal pattern to storage as you move on to the next year. That's, I think, well understood at this point. I think as it relates to CSG, look, again, we're focused on the higher areas in terms of commercial, in terms of gaming, in terms of high-end consumer. Component costs are going to be the driver there for us, right, in the sense of how we think about the environment. We did highlight that we do expect Q4 component costs and logistics costs together are going to be inflationary, which -- so we have priced for that with what we know today. So the mix dynamic or the -- so the input costs are going to be a dynamic you've got to think your way through. So you got to think through your overall sort of what's that industry inflation/deflation look like as a -- we're not -- we don't quite mimic that dollar for dollar but it's probably a good bellwether for you. And then I missed server, but server is also going to be very much dependent upon component cost dynamics, right? And so you got to think your way through that. And then think through the mix dynamics. Q4 tends to be a higher ISG, higher storage quarter. We have some consumer impact in Q4, given the holiday season. You move into Q1, which tends to be our seasonally softest quarter as you come out of Q4, then it ramps again in Q2 with the higher volume coming through Q2 and then that seasonal pattern begins to repeat. So I think that's about the best guidance I can give you as you think your way through mix versus input cost dynamics.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. It's well known a lot of component shortages are out there. Can you maybe help us get our arms around which ones are the most hardest to get now? Are they like power management integrated circuits? And what's the visibility that your suppliers are giving you for equilibrium for you to be able to catch up with demand? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, Jim. I'll take that one. This is Jeff. Look, we see integrated circuit semiconductors remain constrained -- will remain constrained into next year. The trailing nodes are the most constrained, so anything in an 8-inch network is certainly challenged as well as the 12-inch 65-, 55- and 40-nanometer networks are certainly most challenged across the board. You have wafer shortages that go along with that. I think I mentioned in the last two calls, the back end, the assembly and test had been impacted by COVID. That's improved a little bit but still constrained. There's been a number of substrate shortages around the world that continue to impact this. And to answer your question specifically, we track 27 different categories of integrated circuits across our portfolio. I think I've mentioned the usual suspects, but I'll deal with them here. So anywhere from codecs to audio amplifiers, USB Type-C controllers, MOSFETs, Power ICs, sensor ICs, TPM, microcontrollers, driver ICs for our PC side; and then, on our enterprise side, Power ICs, BMC, TPM, FPGAs and MOSFETs. So power was one that you mentioned, absolutely power is front and center. We are encountering the same shortages as everybody else. I think our team is navigating it quite well, I think, and primarily driven by long-term partnerships. We've been doing this a long time. Again, the relationships that I have with our supply base go back from the very beginning of the time I was a developer here. I think that helps serves us well, doing this for three-plus decades and continuing to know the folks at these companies and knowing our long-term history and the fact that we talk about long-term design prospects as well. I hope that answers your question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Thanks for taking the question. And I won't ask about supply chain. What I wanted to ask about is just like as you guys have executed, it looks like nearly all of the $16 billion of debt reductions completed. Do we look into fiscal '23 and assume any incremental deleverage of the balance sheet? Or is the entirety of the capital return strategy focused on share repurchase at this point? And how do we think about, again, the bridge of free cash flow to adjusted free cash flow as we think about that targeted 40% to 60%
Tom Sweet: Aaron, it's Tom, and then maybe I'll have Tyler jump in here as well. As it relates to -- as we think about debt reduction as we work our way through fiscal '23, I would expect that there will be some continued debt reduction next year. Now clearly, we have cleaned up a lot of the near-term maturities, but we are still focused on a core leverage ratio target of 1.5. We're currently at 1.9. So, there will be some element of debt reduction next year, not -- obviously not clearly to the extent that it has been in the past. And I would remind you, as you think about our capital allocation framework, 40% to 60% of our adjusted free cash flow is going to go towards shareholder capital return to the form of what we believe to be dividends and if the Board approves those next year, our share buyback and then obviously, investment in the business and debt reduction. Tyler, you want to take the free cash flow conversion question?
Tyler Johnson: Yes. I mean, maybe Aaron, it's easier to take that one offline. I mean, the intent or purpose of that adjustment is to reflect the impact of DFS. There is a walk in the web deck, I believe, but happy to take that one offline.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question on the VMware resale revenue. If I do my math right, the revenue would be somewhere around $1 billion, maybe a little bit over $1 billion a quarter. But if I do the same math for operating margin, it doesn't seem like that business is that profitable. First, is that the right conclusion? Second, how should we think about this probability of this business going forward? And lastly, how do you plan on disclosing that revenue in the future? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Sidney, it's Tom. So look, I would -- to help you guys think your way through it, I would think about Q4 VMware resale revenue somewhere in the range of $1.3 billion, okay? And you are right, as we have discussed a number of times in previous calls, the margin associated with that resale revenue is minimal, right? Now that's an area that we're focused on beginning to drive up, but it's never going to be -- as we look at it today anyway, it's got a ways to go to get to more distributor-like margins. But today, you should think about it as not really impacting or contributing in any meaningful way to operating margin performance. And so that's probably the easiest way to think about it for right now.
Rob Williams: Thanks for the question, Sidney. Let's take one more question and we'll wrap it up.
Operator: We'll now take our final question from David Vogt with UBS.
David Vogt: Great. Thanks guys for squeezing me in. So this is more of a longer-term question and I know you're not going to give guidance on the next fiscal year, but when I listen to you talk about the strength in the order book, whether it's in servers and storage and you're taking share and what we're seeing relatively at least from an industry perspective, a strong backdrop. When I think about next year from the ISG side, are we -- are you being a little bit conservative when you think about sort of the longer-term model in the context of what you're seeing near term and how that might drive revenue growth next year in ISG, maybe a little bit faster than 3% to 5% or at least at the higher end of that range?
Tom Sweet: Hey, David, look, I think the message I wanted to get out for purposes of people beginning to think your way through next year is that we expect growth. And we expect at a minimum that our revenue frameworks will be in the range of the long-term framework that we provided and that our profitability will be in the framework that we provided. And I don't want to go beyond that at this point other than to tell you that when we get through -- get to the Q4 earnings, that we'll clearly have a conversation about any further thinking around next year. So, I'll leave it at that.
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, David. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to talk about the long term. We like that. And thanks for everyone for joining. We're going to be -- we will be participating in several conferences, investor conferences over the next couple of weeks, and we will be on the road on both the East and West Coast in early January. So we do look forward to engaging with the investor community at these events in the fourth quarter. With that, I thank you for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-08-26 17:30:00) =====
Rob Williams: Thanks, Jermiria, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today are Jeff Clarke, Chuck Whitten, Tom Sweet, and Tyler Johnson. Our press release, financial tables, webdeck, prepared remarks and additional materials are available on our IR website. The guidance section will be covered on today’s call. During this call, unless we otherwise indicate, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our webdeck and press release. Also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Additionally, I’d like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements, based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our webdeck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I’ll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob. Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We’ve made it through the first half of the year, and in this incredibly unpredictable environment, we delivered our best second quarter ever. That’s because whether we are reopening or reclosing, eating in restaurants or ordering out, returning to the office or staying at home, the one constant has been an unprecedented demand for technology. Another constant is our ability to execute against our stated strategy and deliver consistent performance, no matter the market dynamics. In the last week of June, we released an investor presentation where we outlined our differentiated strategy to drive growth and value-creation post the spin-off of VMware. As we’ve engaged with investors, there are a number of key points I want to reiterate today from that presentation. These can also be found on slide 4 of today’s earnings webdeck. First, we have leadership positions in large, stable and expanding markets with strong underlying fundamentals. Q2 was an exceptional example of how we leveraged our leadership positions to seize the opportunities in these growing markets. In Q2, we set a second quarter record with revenue up 15% to $26.1 billion, and record second quarter EPS of $2.24, up 17%. We have talked previously about our ability to quickly pivot the business where the demand is strongest and that was evident in these results. The need for better technology connectivity and productivity in the new "Do-Anything-From-Anywhere" economy has driven strong IT spending across multiple industries and customer sizes, from large enterprises to medium businesses to small business and consumers. And we’re leaning in to capture our share of the strong IT spending. Our Client Solutions Group delivered record revenue of $14.3 billion, up 27% as we leaned into commercial, along with solutions in the broader client ecosystem, including Software & Peripherals, where we are number 1 in displays and we believe we gained more than 100 basis points of share in calendar Q2. There are positive secular trends at play in client, especially in the areas we are most focused, notably the commercial market, premium price bands and gaming that should enable stable growth over the next few years. The Infrastructure Solutions Group continued growth with revenue up 3%, to $8.4 billion, primarily driven by growth in servers and networking as customers modernize their IT infrastructure to enable data-driven AI and Machine Learning technologies. We were also encouraged by the strengthening of storage during the quarter and the overall demand for hyperconverged infrastructure and midrange storage. Tom will dive into more of the financial details of Q2 in just a moment. The second point is that we have durable competitive advantages that uniquely position us to win in our core and adjacent markets. A few I would call out that drove our Q2 performance. We have built an end-to-end innovation engine that delivers engineered solutions and software enhancements, based on our unparalleled market reach and ability to see across a customer’s full set of IT needs. These include management and orchestration, embedded intelligence, automation, predictive analytics, proactive support, telemetry and intrinsic security. A key example is PowerStore, our microservices-based midrange storage solution, which is ramping faster than any new architecture we’ve released with double-digit increases in net new storage buyers for both Q1 and Q2. We are utilizing our industry-leading scale and differentiated supply chain to successfully navigate through the operational challenges caused by the unprecedented demand that is way ahead of supply right now. Despite industry supply shortages, we shipped a record number of PCs and displays in the second quarter. The third important point is that we’re driving a differentiated strategy to seize the tremendous growth potential ahead. We are focused on winning the consolidation and modernizing our core businesses by driving ongoing share gains and improving margins through scale, engineering innovation and product mix shift. We are the clear number one in external storage, number one in hyperconverged infrastructure, number one in mainstream servers, number one in data protection appliances, and our client solutions business is number one in revenue. We have demonstrated the ability to adapt to the market dynamics over time, as evidenced by our commercial client share gains in 30 of the last 34 quarters and we have gained more than 700 basis points of share over that period. Additionally, we have gained more than 700 basis points of share for mainstream servers and approximately 200 basis points of share for external storage over the last five years, as of calendar Q1 2021 according to IDC data. We are focused on the midrange segment of storage and are pleased with the momentum we are seeing, but we know we still have work to do. When server and storage calendar Q2 share data is released in September, we expect share gains in both markets. We are also prioritizing customer outcomes and modernizing our business model with APEX, which provides an incremental growth opportunity as we introduce more as-a-service solutions and gain traction with current offers. For example, in July we announced GE is using APEX Data Center Utility, to blend automation and software architecture to support its increasing workloads from traditional IT applications to data analytics. With APEX, GE can scale up or down its data center, storage and compute resources on demand as the company executes an approach that adapts to each business unit’s strategy. We are innovating, integrating and partnering to create the technology ecosystem of the future for our customers, with our unique partnership with VMware as the centerpiece. We continue to drive new product innovation and business opportunities with VMware. For instance, in Q2 we launched new VxRail systems with the latest PowerEdge servers and new software advancements that deliver faster performance, as well as simplified deployment and management. Additionally, we introduced VxRail dynamic nodes that expand how customers can use existing Dell Technologies storage resources to support new multi-cloud workloads. VxRail continues to be an area of growth in one of the fastest growing segments in storage, with orders up 34% in Q2. We are also pursuing adjacent, high-value growth opportunities where we are uniquely positioned to win, areas like multi-cloud, edge, telecom, data management that open up adjacent, multi-billion dollar markets. We are investing in these opportunities and expect meaningful contribution from them in years to come, and we’re already seeing powerful customer use cases today. For example, our disruptive bet in telecommunications has led to multiple flagship wins to build open radio access networks or open RAN. We are working with Vodafone to build Europe’s first commercial open RAN, bringing more broadband access to European businesses and communities; with Orange to launch Europe’s first 5G standalone fully end-to-end cloud network, and with Deutsche Telekom, whose multivendor open RAN network in Neubrandenburg, Germany, is now live. These are just a few examples, and we are excited about the progress we’re making in this space. With these leading market positions, durable competitive advantages, and a differentiated strategy, I believe we can drive consistent growth and significant value creation. I’m really excited about the opportunities ahead and I look forward to talking in more detail at our virtual securities analyst meeting on September the 23rd. Before we go to Tom and our financial performance, let me introduce Chuck Whitten. As most of you are aware, in June we announced Chuck was joining me as co-Chief Operating Officer. He and I have worked together for many years alongside the rest of the leadership team to help shape Dell’s strategy and growth initiatives. Welcome, Chuck.
Chuck Whitten: Thanks, Jeff. And hello everyone. I’m thrilled to join the Dell Technologies leadership team and look forward to regularly engaging with investors. As Jeff said, I’ve worked for more than a decade with Michael, Jeff and the rest of Dell leadership on the Company strategy and positioning. The Company has tremendous opportunity ahead, and we’re focused on executing the strategy laid out in the June investor presentation. And we have never been more optimistic about our ability to innovate, delight customers, deliver growth and create value for all shareholders in the coming years. We operate in large, growing markets with ample headroom. The markets we target total $1.3 trillion today, with core markets growing in the low-single-digits and adjacent markets growing faster through 2024 as widespread digital transformation drives sustained technology investment. But beyond sheer size, those markets are evolving in ways that play to our market positions and the durable competitive advantages Jeff mentioned. As technology becomes ever more essential, more distributed, more hybrid, and more multi-could, customers need a scale, trusted, and global partner who can help them simplify and create business value from the PC to the core data center to the cloud to the Edge. In short, this company was built for this moment in technology, and there is substantial growth opportunity in both our core markets and in high-value adjacent markets where our competitive advantages matter. And the spin-off of VMware will unlock the opportunity for us to pursue a balanced capital allocation strategy and invest in sustained, profitable growth for years to come. Our strategy is good for customers, employees, and shareholders, and our first half results are proof. It’s clear to us that our strategy will drive sustained value creation post spin-off, and that’s what we’re focused on executing every day as a team. I look forward to speaking with you in more detail at the analyst meeting. Let me now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Chuck. And glad you’re with us. I am pleased with our performance and the execution of our strategy as we delivered another quarter of consistent growth for revenue and profitability. Over the last four fiscal years, we’ve grown operating income faster than or equal to revenue every year. Secular trends such as work and learn from anywhere, digitalization of businesses and governments, and real-time decision making with edge data leads us to be optimistic on our long-term growth prospects. Revenue for the second quarter was a Q2 record at $26.1 billion, up 15%, driven by growth in all three business units, led by outstanding performance in CSG and growth in ISG. Demand was ahead of revenue growth as we managed supply constraints, which should not come as a surprise to anyone. Gross margin was $8.3 billion, up 9% at 31.9% of revenue. Gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 160 basis points lower, primarily due to a 540 basis-point revenue mix shift to CSG. We are navigating the inflationary cost environment and have adjusted prices for the higher input costs while being mindful of our competitive positioning. Operating expense was $5.5 billion, up 10% as we invest for long-term growth and we have certain costs come back from the depressed levels we saw last year. Given our strong performance, our variable costs such as sales compensation and bonus are running ahead of prior-year levels. We have been disciplined in our decisions and will continue to be prudently managing our expenses going forward. Operating income was also a second quarter record at $2.8 billion, up 7% and 10.8% of revenue. Our interest expense was down approximately $134 million given the progress on debt reduction, contributing to the expansion of our consolidated net income to $1.9 billion and earnings per share of $2.24, up 17%. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 billion, up 7% at 12.7% of revenue and for the trailing 12 months, adjusted EBITDA was $13.6 billion, up 16%. Our recurring revenue is approximately $6 billion a quarter, up 14%. Our remaining performance obligations or RPO is approximately $46 billion, up 24%, and includes deferred revenue plus committed contract value not included in deferred revenue. The growth was driven by an expanded backlog, given that demand is ahead of supply, in addition to solid performance in hardware and software maintenance. Excluding VMware, Dell’s RPO is approximately $35 billion, up 30%. Turning to the business units, we had another quarter of very strong performance by our Client Solutions Group, despite industry-wide supply chain challenges. CSG revenue hit a new record at $14.3 billion, up 27%, on the strength in demand for devices and solutions that offer improved connectivity and productivity. We continued to see strength across notebooks, but we also saw strong double-digit growth in commercial and desktop orders. As Jeff mentioned, we’ve leaned into commercial, where more than 70% of our CSG revenue comes from and commercial also contributed to our return to share gains per IDC’s calendar Q2 results. Commercial revenue was up 32% to a record $10.6 billion as businesses looked to upgrade devices and productivity solutions for their long-term in-office, remote and hybrid workforce environments. Consumer revenue was a second quarter record at $3.7 billion, up 17% as digital entertainment and e-commerce are still driving strong demand for upgraded experiences. CSG operating income was $995 million, up 39% and was 7% of revenue. We saw solid profitability primarily due to strong shipments, a mix shift to commercial and a balanced pricing environment. Moving to ISG, where revenue was up 3% to $8.4 billion, we saw a strong demand environment for compute and positive momentum in storage. Customers across all regions are investing in IT infrastructure, focused on multi-cloud solutions and accelerating digital transformation. Servers and networking reported its third consecutive quarter of positive growth with revenue of $4.5 billion, up 6% with strong demand across all customer segments and geographies. Storage revenue was $4 billion, down 1%. On an orders basis, we were encouraged to see positive overall storage growth of 2%, with ongoing demand in high-growth areas like hyperconverged infrastructure where VxRail orders were up 34% and in midrange storage, where orders were up 17%. PowerStore continues to ramp nicely, making up approximately 38% of our midrange storage portfolio. 23% of PowerStore customers in Q2 were net new to Dell storage. ISG operating income was flat at $970 million and was 11.5% of revenue. The VMware business unit revenue was $3.1 billion, up 8%, and operating income was $849 million, or 27% of revenue. Dell Financial Services originations were $1.9 billion, down 27%, due to the tougher comparison last year as more customers leveraged financing during the early stages of the pandemic. DFS ended the quarter with $12.6 billion in total managed assets, flat year-over-year, with global portfolio losses at historical lows. Turning to our capital structure and balance sheet, we generated strong cash flow in Q2 and are making good progress on delevering. Cash flow from operations was $1.7 billion. Although cash flow was slightly lower sequentially, impacted partly by working capital dynamics, our cash flow from operations was $4 billion through the first half of the year, which was up 56% compared to the same period last year. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was $12.8 billion, and excluding VMware it was $8.4 billion. Over the last three years on a trailing 12-month basis, cash from operations grew at a 15% CAGR. Cash and investments ended the quarter at $13.6 billion and approximately $7.5 billion for Dell, excluding VMware. During the second quarter, we paid down $3 billion of the $4 billion margin loan that was outstanding as of the beginning of the quarter, and we paid down the remaining $1 billion earlier this week. We have now paid down approximately $5.5 billion of debt year-to-date and expect to pay down at least $16 billion for the full fiscal year. Our core debt ended the quarter at $27.6 billion, and our core leverage ratio is approximately 2.2 times versus our long-term core leverage target of 1.5 times. We expect to achieve an investment grade corporate family rating once the VMware spin is finalized. Once we get to IG, there will be opportunity for a more balanced capital allocation policy, including shareholder capital return, investments to grow the business and value-enhancing M&A. We will provide more details on our post-spin capital allocation policy at our analyst meeting next month. Now to our outlook. From a macro point of view, the global economic recovery is driving broad demand across multiple sectors, including IT. As a result, demand for integrated circuits and components that are fundamental building blocks of today’s modern IT, automotive, industrial solutions and home appliances are in tight supply. One of our durable advantages is our industry-leading scale and supply chain expertise. This is serving us well in this environment, and we are actively managing demand that is ahead of the industry’s ability to deliver ICs and components. For Q3, we now expect an above normal sequential revenue growth pattern and year-over-year growth up mid to high-teens. For CSG, we expect high-single-digit growth sequentially. For ISG, we expect low-single-digit growth sequentially. And for VMware, you should factor in their standalone revenue guidance which is roughly flat sequentially. Given this, we expect Q3 revenue overall to be up mid-single-digit sequentially versus a normal 2% decline. For Q3 operating income, we expect a mix shift to CSG sequentially, ongoing component cost dynamics, a modest increase in OpEx as we invest for growth, and we are considering the impact of VMware standalone guidance. With all of these factors, in our view, operating income dollars will be up 1% to 2% sequentially. Below the operating income line, we will continue to benefit from lower interest expense as we reduce our debt. But do keep in mind, the majority of our $16 billion plus in targeted debt pay-down will occur at the time of the VMware transaction, which we now estimate to close in early November. For Non-GAAP tax rate, you should assume 17%, plus or minus 100 basis points. In the absence of share repurchase activity, diluted share count should also increase slightly, sequentially. In closing, we have a track record of consistent execution across any economic or IT spending cycle given our durable competitive advantages, and we are investing in innovation and software development to differentiate our solutions and appliances. We are optimistic about the long-term growth prospects for our businesses. I’m confident in our ability to deliver consistent and predictable financial performance. From fiscal year ‘18 through fiscal year ‘21, we grew revenue at a 6% CAGR and grew Adjusted EBITDA at a 12% CAGR. And we generated nearly $28 billion in operating cash flow. We are well-positioned and have the right strategy to create long-term value for our stakeholders. We look forward to sharing more about our plans for core Dell with all of you on September 23rd. With that, I’ll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s get to Q&A. We’ll ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Jermiria, can you introduce the first question?
Operator: We’ll take our first question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Jeff, I had a question on the PC side. It looks like your U.S. competitor had some operational misstep last quarter. And based on your above-seasonal October guidance for CSG, are you gaining market share in this environment, or are component constraints limiting it? And also in regards to the industry shortages, can you share where exactly you’re seeing those constraints? Is this like power management ICs and display drivers, or any other components? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure, Krish. Let me first answer your question about share. In the most recent IDC-published share data, Dell was the top share gainer of the top five manufacturers in the marketplace. We took share in total PCs; we took share in commercial PCs, our focus. We took more share than any of our other competitors in those spaces. So, to answer your question, yes, we’re taking share. We took 120 basis points of share, for example, in the commercial PC market in calendar Q2. Your specific question of where are the shortages in the industry, as we’ve, I think, mentioned through several of these calls now, it’s semiconductors. The industry demand, and industry being IT, consumer electronics, automotive, industrials, for electronics, for semiconductor continues to be strong. That is the area that is challenged certainly for us. We continue to work through it. I think, we are working through it reasonably well. The execution of our supply chain team is, I think, quite impressive with record shipments for the quarter for PCs, record shipments for displays. But, the types of devices would be scalers, TCONs, microcontrollers, power ICs, driver ICs, those types of devices are the ones that we see consistently challenged at different times. I hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Thanks for the question. I guess, I wanted to ask something on PCs as well. Your U.S. competitor has just signaled that they’re reducing their promotional and marketing spend assumptions substantially, and that had a big impact on margins in the quarter. And we’re assuming it will have a large impact on their PC margins looking forward. I’m just curious if you guys are seeing that kind of promotional and marketing spend reduction in the market today, and what you’re thinking in terms of your own expenditures in that respect in the back end of the year, given the demand dynamics against the supply dynamics? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: We have not lowered our marketing or compensation for whether it’s our direct sellers or our channel partners. We’ve seen the demand of the market continue to pick up. It’s been pivoting or moving towards commercial, which generally has a lower marketing cost in it as well, but the selling costs are fairly consistent. And we don’t have any planned changes. We like where our business is. We think we are executing at a very high level. We saw a tremendous rebound in our premium products, whether that be our workstation products, our commercial desktop products. We continue to see strong demand for our commercial notebook products. Rod, I don’t know any other way to say this, other than demand was strong through the quarter. I think you probably saw that in our backlog growth that Tom alluded to before, and business is good.
Chuck Whitten: Hey Rod. I would also add that I think Jeff and I have a lot of scar tissue over the years where one of the things that we believe is that you have to have a consistent presence in the market in terms of driving demand and driving your message. And when you pull back, you tend to see the impacts of that, one to two quarters out. So, we like where we are. We like what we’re doing. We’re being disciplined in our spend. But, we also want to make sure that we are positioned thoughtfully in the market relative to the demand signals that we’re seeing.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: I guess, my question is on the storage side. And Jeff, I’d love to get your perspective here because overall sales of storage were, I think, down 1%, compares were fairly easy. And I think a couple of your peers in that space actually had double-digit growth yesterday. So, I’d love to understand, how do you think storage performed versus your own internal expectations this quarter? And then, what do you think is fundamentally needed for Dell to start gaining share on the storage side over the next few quarters?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Thanks for the question. Maybe sometimes I think we don’t do a good job of describing our storage business. And let me start with, first, we have the broadest portfolio in the marketplace, second to none. We’re the leader in high-end storage, mid-range storage, entry-level storage, unstructured storage, object storage, all-flash as well as modern storage, software-defined, HCI, the hyperconverged space. Our share position in calendar Q1 was 32.3%, which is larger than number 2, 3, 4 and 5 combined. Our business -- and Tom and I, I think, referenced it in our prepared comments. Our business grew in the mid-range. Our business grew in HCI. And we believe we grew in unstructured as fast, or faster than any of our competitors in those spaces. In the mid-range, which is defined as the $25,000 to $255,000 price bands, which is about 60% of the marketplace, we grew 17%. That’s very competitive against the numbers that you mentioned from yesterday against our pure-play competitors in the mid-range market space. In Q1, or I should say, and this marks the third consecutive quarter with that 17% that we’ve grown the mid-range. So, for the last three quarters, we grew 8% in Q4, 23% in Q1, 17% in Q2. Our mid-range business is growing; our midrange business is taking share. We recently added the PowerStore 500, which allows us to cover the entry-level price band. So, we now cover all price bands in the midrange marketplace. We also add new performance upgrades to our product in a seamless upgrade that happened earlier this year. Our storage buyer base grew double digits, as we mentioned in our prepared comments. PowerStore remains the fastest-growing new storage product in the history of the Company through its first five quarters. 23% of our PowerStore buyers are new to our storage business, and 20% of them are repeat buyers. So, we think we are executing at a very high level degree of performance or execution in our mid-range. That said, you called out one of our challenges that our orders growth was 2%. Our P&L growth was negative 1%. And we have a very large high-end business. That large high-end business is cyclical in nature. It was down year-over-year, and that’s down year-over-year after a very solid first half of last year. So, we like our hand, we like our execution today. We do have this broad portfolio that is subjected to the cyclical nature of some segments. But, in the high-growth space of HCI, our VxRail product grew 34% and midrange at 17%. We are growing very competitively against our pure-play competitors there. And we like the momentum. As I’ve said at the trained engineer 3 data points makes a trend, we now have a trend of 3 growth data points in mid-range storage.
Tom Sweet: Hey Amit, I would also add that -- and Jeff mentioned it in his prepared remarks that we have gained 200 basis points of storage share over the last five years. So, would we like to gain more? Sure. But we do cover all segments of the storage market versus pure-plays that are more narrowly focused. And we’re going to keep working on it. And our focus is how do we grow, grow profitably and make sure that we’re satisfying our customer demands.
Operator: Our next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: I wanted to ask about the RPO balance. And I think you guys noted that your RPO, excluding VMware, was up about 30%. If I put that in context, your deferred revenue ex-VMware grew about 11% year-over-year. So clearly, the RPO balance is expanding much faster than core Dell deferred revenue. Can you help me appreciate how much of that is just this backlog build due to supply constraints relative to kind of software -- software RPO growing or subscription growing? I’m just trying to understand the backlog build that you’re seeing right now.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey Aaron, let me take that. So, you saw quarter-on-quarter that overall RPO was up roughly about $3.9 billion. The vast majority of that principally related to backlog growth, right? So, that’s how you should think about the RPO growth Q1 to Q2.
Jeff Clarke: Maybe just an add to that. If you think about that backlog growth and the momentum that we saw in our business, at least from our seat, that indicates strong demand for our products and our services as that backlog build. Our cancellation rates didn’t change over the quarter. Our ability to deliver for our customers or to our customer commitments, I think, is indicative of that cancellation rate not changing at all. Again, we shipped a record number of PCs and displays as we had the building backlog, and our supply chain team continues to be agile in this dynamic marketplace. We’re maneuvering to maximize shipments for our customers and probably just a little plug here. There are 200 PCs [ph] available today on dell.com with next-day ship ready to go.
Operator: Our next question is from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: The guidance for above-seasonal 3Q growth is particularly impressive, given market concerns around slowing PC growth and the supply constraints that you’ve talked some about. So, can you just give more specifics around the products or end markets within CSG and any notable trends in ISG that’s driving the more bullish outlook? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Yes, Katy. Look, I think as we step back, we like the demand environment that we’re seeing right now. Yes, it’s challenging from a supply chain. They’re clearly -- we’re constrained on certain parts, as Jeff and his team worked their way through that. But, the demand signals that we see from our end customers, it looks promising. And so, as we think about the business and our position within what we’re trying to drive, as Jeff mentioned, very strong client demand. And we, as you know, are more heavily oriented towards commercial PCs, and that mix was up this quarter. And we’ve seen continued strength in commercial PC demand. So, we’re encouraged by that. Even as consumer demand was double digits this quarter. So, we’re pleased with how that’s growing as well. So look, I think from parsing the guidance, I would tell you, we’re pleased with CSG, which is what I mentioned in my guidance comment. From an ISG perspective, strong compute opportunity. We’re encouraged by the improving storage performance there. I don’t want to oversell that. There’s work to do in storage, but we’re pleased with the environment and the spend we’re seeing in the data center. So, for us, the dynamic is going to be the supply chain framework around, can Jeff get the appropriate -- Jeff and team get the appropriate parts in and the configurations that we need to be able to ship, right? And so -- but overall, I think the demand environment from our perspective for Q3 looks healthy. We’ve talked about the fact that we’ve got -- we’ve talked about the fact that we saw some component cost inflation beginning in Q2, with component costs -- are inflationary in Q3. And so, we are working our way through that. We have adjusted pricing accordingly. And it does not, at this point, seem to have impacted any of the demand signals that we’re seeing. So, I think we’re well-positioned. We’ve got to go execute. But overall, I think we feel pretty good about where we are at this point.
Jeff Clarke: Yes. Katy, maybe just two points of color to emphasize what Tom said. We saw the movement in CSG towards commercial away from consumer and away from chrome to commercial, and we believe we positioned our supply chain to capture that momentum. And then, secondly, I think we’ve talked about this with our growing server momentum now three quarters in a row of server growth that we’re seeing a returned investment into the data center, that a couple of years of delayed investments in aging installed base, new product transitions with the new processors that are available in the marketplace, some of the supply uncertainty is having customers prioritize their projects to transform, modernize and protect their digital businesses, and we’re seeing that momentum build.
Operator: Our next question is from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: I was wondering if you could help quantify either the book-to-bill or the magnitude of your prevailing backlog. I think in response to prior question, you said RPO was up. Most of it was backlog growth, so $3-plus-billion sequentially, that’s about 1.5-week of backlog. I’m wondering if you can help to mention either book-to-bill or size of backlog, exiting Q2 in terms of weeks of backlog by business. And then, secondly, when you -- related to that, when you talk about the above-seasonal guide, what are you assuming for backlog in Q3? Are you assuming you’re drawing some down? And how much of the above-seasonal growth is driven by pricing and/or expected change in backlog?
Tom Sweet: Well, Toni, there’s like three questions in that question.
Jeff Clarke: I counted five.
Tom Sweet: Look, I don’t really want to unpack backlog or parse backlog. I will tell you that it has expanded on us, as you might imagine, given the demand dynamics that we’re working our way through and the supply constraints. Unlike some of our competitors, I’m not going to tell you how many weeks of backlog we have. I’ll just tell you that it’s extended and that -- or it’s expanded, and we need to work our way through it. As we think about Q3, I think what you should -- what you need to think about is that, look, we believe the demand environment remains healthy. We are -- we did adjust pricing for higher input costs. So, there is obviously some translation to higher TRU. But, the overall prevailing framework that we’re going to have to work our way through for Q3 is around what are our shipment mix -- what’s our shipment mix look like, right? And that’s the work that Jeff and his team are doing right now around what goes out, what mix of products goes out. But overall, we feel good about their ability to execute on that given -- and hence, the revenue guide that we provided to you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: I understand and it’s well documented where we are with the component constraints. So, I was curious how you would describe sort of the path out of this for the Company? How much more can you control on your own destiny going forward? And just to be clear, what is the impact you’re seeing like this quarter versus last quarter? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Well, thanks for the question. Look, in aggregate, the semiconductor industry needs more capacity. I think, we’ve talked about this before, but we’re seeing the same thing. It’s constrained. I think the constraints certainly last or go into next year. The most constrained nodes are the trailing nodes, most particularly the parts that come off the 8-inch network. Quite frankly, no one’s investing in a lot of new 8-inch capacity, if any. There’s a wafer and substrate shortages. We have assembly and test wire bonding lead frame areas are challenged. So, I think these are consistent things that we’ve talked about as we’ve got into the semiconductor challenge broadly across multiple industries. The path out of this is ultimately more capacity. It takes a long time to build these different fabs anywhere from a couple of years to three years depending on the process technology we’re talking about. And obviously, lots of capital is required to do that. Our job is that the environment we’re playing in, we’ve been directly managing our components for a very long time in this company. We have longstanding relationships and partnerships. We continue to let people know what our long-term demand is. It’s how we plan this company. And what we have found is those partnerships over long periods of time and consistency in those partnerships and the agreements that we have in place certainly help us navigate these types of situations. That’s what we’re focused on. You’re not going to see us get into the semiconductor business. It’s certainly not a core competence and something that we wouldn’t touch. We’re working with our partners to continue to understand what the demand characteristics long term look like for these marketplaces. I think as we’ve been consistent, we believe the PC market long term continues to grow. We believe the server industry continues to grow long term as we believe the same to be true of the storage business. And letting our partners know that there’ll be long term demand is the best thing we can do to ensure there will be capacity in the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I guess, I just wanted to follow up on the price increases that you’ve talked about previously and you mentioned this today as well. Are we starting to see those kind of impact your guidance for the next quarter? And when do we kind of -- typically with the lag through the channel, when do we start to expect the full impact of that? And how are you thinking about like the magnitude in terms of that benefit between ISG and CSG?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey Samik. So, the way I would think about it is, we have adjusted our pricing, given the higher costs we’re seeing, and Jeff has mentioned some of the constraints we have in that space. We have -- I mentioned earlier that we expect Q3 is inflationary from a component cost perspective. We expect Q4 to be inflationary with what we know today. We’ve talked a lot for a while now about the fact that with our broad diverse portfolio, as we adjust pricing, it does take a little bit of time for that to flow through. I think we’ve been pretty proactive on it at this point. We expect that some of those price increases, a portion of those price increases will impact Q3 and then obviously, on in Q4. The challenge and the dynamic that we’re working our way through, are the mix dynamic, I should say we’re working our way through is the fact that I’m coming into -- I’ve got backlog that’s priced at different price points given where we were in the cost curves at the time of the transaction. So, there’s some mixed dynamics within backlog that we’ll work our way through. Hence, why I guided like I guided while, we’re bullish -- where we like our revenue guidance, the OpInc guidance wasn’t quite as expansive. In fact, our EPS, and you just think about our EPS and probably our guidance as being similar to how I guided on operating income. And that’s just -- we’ve got some mixed dynamics there that we’re working our way through. And obviously, the gating factor again comes back to what can we get shipped within the quarter. So, look, I think the teams reacted well. The encouraging news -- encouraging perspective that I have is that even with the price increases, we have not seen demand signals change. And I think that’s very encouraging. We watch our transactional velocity quite closely. That has not really moved on us, even with the price increases. So again, it comes back to -- yes, we’ve got build in backlog. Cancellation rates are -- haven’t changed at all. So, we feel good about the overall environment. And look, customers have generally been accepting of the price increases given there’s inflation in the environment broadly in many different commodities and areas. And so, they’ve -- and quite frankly, with the lack of supply in the industry, there’s not a lot of places that they can go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: I’m curious on the PC side. How are you thinking about Win11 and commercial demand, how long that will sort of last? I don’t know. It’s just -- it seems like we’ve had so many different wins going at the PC market, predominantly tailwinds. I’m wondering how much of a benefit you think it will have.
Jeff Clarke: Hi Shannon, it’s Jeff. Good to hear your voice again. Look, we’re bullish on Windows 11. Our industry has a history of new operating systems driving an upgrade cycle. The upgrade cycle, when the product is formally released into the marketplace, we believe is there. We think Windows 11 brings a lot to end users from anywhere from a new user interface to the ability to see some productivity enhancements, run multiple desktops and such, drives a higher hardware specification, which is good for business. We have a large installed base that will continue to need to be refreshed against that. We believe that this is really a replacement of a PC, not an upgrade of an OS on an old PC. So, that generally drives demand in our industry. You couple that with what we believe is a general change in usage patterns that the PC has become more essential in this work-from-home, learn-from-home, game-from-home, buy-from-home, entertain-from-home world, and we think that we’re on the verge of new models where, a long time ago, we thought success was one PC per household, now we’re seeing multiple PCs per household. We’re seeing a more mobile PC base, which requires a more frequent upgrade or replacement cycle is the right word. We think the future is pretty bright for the PC. And a phrase that we’ve been kicking around the organization is all signs point to a stronger and longer demand cycle for PCs. And we think commercial PCs in particular will benefit from that.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. And congrats on the solid quarter and guide. Jeff, can you update us maybe on the specific milestones for the VMware spend that you’re tracking? And any timing or milestones that you can share here at all outside of sort of the potential closing in November? And can you also tell us if you received accelerating the tax-free spin ruling from the IRS? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey Wamsi, it’s Tom. Let me take that. There’s -- as we track the -- track towards the potential VMware spend date of early November, we are still awaiting the private letter ruling from the IRS. So that is the one major milestone out there. And so, we’re continuing to work very closely with them and it’s tracking as expected. So, that’s the remaining major hurdle, if you will. Everything else is moving as planned. The teams are working very closely together as they continue -- as we continue to sort of work through our workflows and work streams around post-spend work innovation targets, innovation areas as the go-to-market motions are all in place. So, we feel good about where we are. But we do obviously need to close and get the successful ruling of the private -- from the IRS on the private letter ruling, and that remains on track as of this date.
Jeff Clarke: Yes. Thanks for the question, Wamsi. And I would also just say that we intend to continue to provide information. We’ve been pretty transparent to the best of our abilities as we move through this process, and we’ll continue to do that along with VMware. And we’ve released some preliminary non-GAAP P&Ls in conjunction with the roadshow materials back at the end of June. And we hope to give you some additional information in conjunction with or just prior to the analyst meeting on September 23rd. So, I look forward to continuing to provide additional insight as we move along here.
Operator: Our next question is from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: My question is on the operating margins by segment. Your ISG margin has improved to now close to long-term trend. Conversely, CSG has come down a little bit, but still very good. How do you expect operating margins of both segments to trend for the next few quarters, given the higher input cost, maybe you can choose -- pick and choose which one to serve in the supply-constrained environment. It sounds like Q3 is a dip, but how about beyond Q3, especially when IT spending continues to improve? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey Sidney, I don’t really want to get into long-term operating margin guidance on this call. But I would just tell you, look, we’re pleased overall with the progress we made with our CSG performance and strong profitability. We have talked about in the past that we expect -- we think that that business runs somewhere between 5 to 6 points of operating margin on a sort of a long-term basis. We’re continuing to evaluate that, whether that’s the appropriate model on a go-forward basis, and we’ll share some of that at our analyst meeting on the 23rd of September. I think from an ISG perspective, we’re pleased with the performance -- the progress, but I think there’s more work to do there, particularly as we continue to push on storage growth, which generally drives a higher operating margin. So, look, good progress, but always more to do. And we’ll update you guys on our long-term thinking as we meet at the analyst meeting here in next month.
Operator: Our next question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: You did talk earlier about price increases, but I’m assuming, particularly within the CSG segment, you’re shifting your mix towards your higher profit, higher price products, and that’s a tailwind. So, just trying to understand how much of this good revenue trend, the revenue growth is driven by mix versus price increases. If you could just help us break this down in terms of kind of what’s sustainable here and what are the key factors on the overall growth. I assume it’s not just about more units. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey Simon, look, I think you got to think about it like this. So, you know, having been around this business for a while that some of the TRU dynamics within the business are going to be generated based upon what’s the component cost environment. And so they will move as component costs move. Right now with the higher input costs, we’ve raised prices. So yes, that does have a TRU impact. So, we do expect some favorability coming through the -- from TRUs as we look into Q3 and probably into Q4, just given the component cost environment. Having said that, we’re also bullish on demand, right, with what we know today. So, we do expect the demand environment to remain favorable, absent some sudden change. And so, again, I think it’s going to come down to, as you’re trying to think your way through how do I think about revenue in the future, at least in the near term, it’s going to come down to the shipment mix, right? And that’s the thing that we’re continuing to work through in all transparency as the supply chain team continues to work through component cost shortages and what they can get in into and what does that look like. So, I’m not -- that’s about the most straightforward answer I can give you right now, which is, look, yes, TRU should be somewhat of a benefit, but the mix dynamics from the shipment is going to be what’s going to really sort of move -- will decide how the P&L shake out. And we feel good about what we can get done in Q3, hence the guidance we gave you, and we’ll update you on Q4 at the appropriate time.
Operator: We’ll now take our final question from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And a lot of my questions have been answered. So, I’ll just ask one question, and that’s a follow-up on the storage side. You talked about different end segments you feel pretty proud about and pleased about. But, when you look at the overall numbers, they look pretty disappointing relative to your competitors out there. So, the question is, are you guys like disengaging in quite a few markets and we should be aware at that, or what you’re talking about, the small slices that you’re doing okay at, are those early green shoots of what yet to come in the future?
Jeff Clarke: Well, let me work our way through that, Jim. So, the 17% growth that I mentioned is in the biggest part of the storage market. It represents 60% of the revenue, the midrange. The price bands it cover $25,000 to $250,000. We grew that 17% in the quarter, the third consecutive quarter that we’ve had growth in the midrange on the back of our new product PowerStore, which we’ve talked about is our game-changer in the mid-range, and it’s proven to be that to date. We’re excited, fastest-growing product we’ve ever launched through its first five quarters. We have a growing customer base, and we have repeat buyers. Good signs. Hyperconverged, the fastest-growing space in storage, where we have the privileged position of being the market leader. Our combined product with VMware, VxRail, grew 34%. So, in the two most important marketplaces, mid-range and the new 2-tier architecture, modern architecture, we’re the leader and we’re growing. And we’re growing at or a faster rate than our competitors in those spaces. What I mentioned before is in the high end where we have the privileged position of having a share position of in excess of 42%, that market is declining. It’s cyclical in nature. Last first half, it grew; this first half, it’s not growing. That business, we’re obviously exposed to a large percentage of that business being the market share leader with 42-plus-percent share is declining and we’re declining like the market is declining. I hope that helped put color to it.
Rob Williams: All right. I appreciate it, Jim. I appreciate it, Jeff. Thanks to everyone for joining. Look forward to seeing you all at our securities analyst meeting. It will be virtual. It will be on September the 23rd in the morning, and additional details will continue to head your way. So, thanks again. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-05-28 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2022 First Quarter Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Incorporated. I’d like to inform all participants that this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Incorproated. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Jermiria, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are our Vice Chairman and COO, Jeff Clarke; our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. Our press release, financial tables, web deck, prepared remarks and additional materials are available on our IR website. The guidance section will be covered on today’s call. During this call, unless we otherwise indicate, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Additionally, I’d like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future events and results are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I will turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob. Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We are coming off a strong first quarter and a successful Dell Technologies World, where we connected with more than 60,000 customers, partners and stakeholders. We made important announcements on APEX, our edge strategy, and social impact and sustainability commitments, and the response was fantastic. We are energized by the positive feedback on our strategy, innovation and opportunity. One of the real silver linings of last year is that digital transformation has been accelerated. Our world is running on data highways now and we are experiencing everything technology makes possible, deeper, data-driven insights, connectivity and even a deeper human connection. Technology is no longer the IT department, it’s the entire organization. It’s how you enable everything to deliver better business outcomes. And customers are looking to Dell Technologies as their strategic partner to help run their business, deliver their outcomes, capture their opportunities in the data era. For example, a large Fortune 500 retailer made VxRail and VMware Cloud Foundation, the hybrid cloud standard for workloads in their data centers. Another example is Honeywell, who is helping its customers transform day-to-day business operations through software-as-a-service solutions for the industrial sector. Built on Dell infrastructure, Honeywell Forge Connect is the edge interface for Honeywell Forge Enterprise Performance Management. Turning to the financial results. We started the year strong, delivering record revenue in Q1 of $24.5 billion, up 12%. These results are driven by the do anything from anywhere economy, where technology enables connectivity and outcomes for all of us. Instead of going to work, school, entertainment or shopping, it all comes to us through our PCs. That need for connectivity was demonstrated in the record demand last year and has continued into this year. Our Client Solutions Group delivered record revenue for the first quarter of $13.3 billion, up 20%. In our Infrastructure Solutions Group, we are seeing improved demand as customers invest in the solutions they need to power our do-from-anywhere world. The improvement we saw at the end of last year continued into Q1, with revenue growing 5% to $7.9 billion. We saw growth in Q4 for servers and midrange storage, and the momentum continued into Q1 with PowerEdge orders up 7% and midrange storage orders up 23%. Our VMware business also had a strong quarter with revenue of $3 billion, up 9%. Our partnership continues to expand and our ongoing strategic relationship has been formalized with the commercial agreement announced last month. For example, we have a framework in place to identify new areas of first and best joint innovation. Our unique partnership will continue to deliver highly differentiated, integrated solutions that are multi-cloud and accelerate digital transformation. We are pleased with the quarter, and we are even more excited about the opportunities ahead and the long-term value proposition for Dell Technologies and our stakeholders. With a $4 trillion total IT market, we are only servicing a portion of that total surface area today. Our value creation framework is focused on four key areas that expand that surface area or serviceable market. We do that by focusing on our core markets, the broader ecosystem, new growth opportunities, and our corporate and capital structures. I will cover the first three today and then Tom will cover the fourth. Our strategy begins with growing and modernizing our core businesses. Our serviceable or addressable market is expanding. In 2019, the serviceable TAM for the broader client ecosystem was approximately $600 billion. And looking out to calendar year 2025, it jumps to a projected $750 billion. This expansion in TAM is driven by increased systems per household, faster refresh rates with higher notebook mix, and investments in a hybrid and remote workforce. Our investments are focused on making the PC more personal and intelligent. But it’s just not about the PC, it’s about providing technology to deliver an experience to customers that allows them to be connected, productive and effective no matter where they are and that’s increasingly about software. A few recent examples. We continue to innovate with our built-in AI software, Dell Optimizer, that learns, responds and improves the way you work. We recently updated Dell Hybrid Client that gives users access to their applications and data whether delivered from the public cloud, private cloud or on the device. And we introduced the new SafeShutter on selected devices, the industry’s first automatic webcam that knows when to open or close by syncing to your video conferencing applications. It’s all of these things combined, devices, software, services and peripherals and a higher profitability profile that have us excited about the future opportunity. The serviceable TAM for our infrastructure business is also growing, from approximately $150 billion in 2019 to a projected $200 billion by 2025. That means growth in areas like servers, storage and networking where we are strong, and growth in areas like hyperconverged infrastructure, where we are innovating for the future. Just a few weeks ago, we launched software updates to PowerStore, improving workload performance by up to 25%. By automating data processes, we are saving customers’ money while lowering latency by 15%. We also introduced the cost-effective, entry-level PowerStore 500 to the lineup. PowerStore now serves all midrange price bands. PowerStore is the industry’s first modern, midrange storage architecture in a decade. It’s a container-based, micro-service software allows for rapid deployment of new capabilities with no disruption. It continues to ramp faster than any new architecture we’ve ever released and accelerates our opportunity in midrange storage. We recently launched a new line of AI-enabled PowerEdge servers that help customers meet the challenge of digital transformation with a secure infrastructure that supports modern workloads. We are leading with innovation and taking share where we are strong, but we also know long-term success means doing more than just winning in the consolidation. It also means delivering a leading customer experience, including modernized consumption. This is where APEX comes in, to deliver the scale of the cloud with the ease of as-a-Service. It’s a critical component to how we modernize and grow our core businesses, grow private and hybrid cloud, and win the edge. Building on our long history of offering IT as-a-Service, earlier this month at Dell Technologies World, we launched the new APEX portfolio offerings, Data Storage Services, Cloud Services and Custom Solutions. APEX helps customers simplify digital transformation by increasing IT flexibility, agility and control via a cloud-based service model. We are seeing increased customer interest. Customers like GE are turning to Dell for an as-a-Service approach that assists the industrial giant in delivering solutions that make the world work more efficiently, reliably and safely; and Magellan Health, looking for better control of their infrastructure to help serve patients faster and more effectively. And we are building the technology ecosystem of the future. We are innovating and integrating with VMware and our partner ecosystems to create an automated, intelligent infrastructure for 5G and the data era. This includes our better-together solutions with VMware that customers have embraced, such as VxRail, VMware Cloud on Dell EMC, VeloCloud SD-WAN as well as security and end-user computing. With Dell Technologies and VMware, customers have consistent infrastructure and operations from the public cloud to the private cloud, co-locations and the edge. It’s estimated that 75% of data will be processed outside of a traditional data center or cloud by 2025, and that data will be generated in the real world at the edge. One of the ways we’re helping customers make decisions at the edge in real time is with our Streaming Data Platform. This is an open platform that offers powerful real-time analytics at the edge with a smaller footprint. By putting compute, storage and analytics at the edge, where the data is created, we deliver insights in real time and create new opportunities for businesses. We also continue to support customer choice through an ecosystem of value-added partnerships like what we’re doing with PTC ThingWorx for smart manufacturing at the edge and with Equinix for hybrid cloud and as-a-Service offerings. And next month, we’ll announce an open network ecosystem that brings together infrastructure technology, partners and services to create a more agile and profitable ways for communication service providers to transform their operations and modernize to an open, cloud-native 5G networks. Together with VMware and our partner ecosystem, we are the hybrid and multi-cloud platform for the digital future. And we will deliver it all through a consistent cloud model and as-a-Service with APEX. As we think about future areas of growth, we will leverage our leading capabilities, our relationship with VMware and the broader partner ecosystem to capitalize on new large addressable markets and emerging technology spaces, multibillion-dollar markets today that are projected to grow exponentially by 2025. Here, we will pursue logical and closely adjacent opportunities where we have the unique opportunity to win, in areas such as hybrid cloud, edge, telco, as-a-Service and data management to drive high-value growth. We are confident in our ability to drive high-value growth for two reasons. One, our differentiated strategy: grow and modernize the core with software; leading with our unique VMware partnership, innovate, integrate and partner to build the technology ecosystem of the future; win the next technology frontier at the edge; deliver the scale of the cloud with ease of as-a-Service with APEX. And two, our competitive operational advantages: our direct sales force and customer intimacy, our global services capability, Dell Financial Services, and industry-leading scale and supply chain. Combined, we have a more focused business with the right formula to consistently deliver annual revenue growth in the GDP or better range over the long term with strong profitability and predictable cash flow. It’s an incredible time to be in the business of delivering technology solutions that deliver experiences, insights and outcomes. We are optimistic about the opportunities ahead. Before I turn it over to Tom for a closer look at the financials, a quick comment on the global supply situation that extends well beyond IT hardware, as we have mentioned, the pandemic accelerated the adoption of digital technology in every industry. And when coupled with an improving global economy with greater demand for everything, there is an overall shortage of semiconductors. We are executing our strategy as we work through this environment, just as you’ve seen us do before and which you’ve come to expect from us. Now, over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. I am pleased with our performance as we started the year strong with double-digit revenue growth, operating income growing faster than revenue and strong cash flow generation given the strength in the business. Revenue for Q1 was a first quarter record at $24.5 billion, up 12%, driven by growth in all 3 business units, especially CSG and an improving ISG business. Gross margin was $8 billion, up 9% and 32.7% of revenue. Gross margin as a percent of revenue was 70 basis points lower, primarily driven by a 370 basis point revenue mix shift to CSG. Operating expense was $5.3 billion, up 3% year-over-year. We are continuing to prudently manage our expenses. But as we talked about last quarter, some costs are coming back into the P&L. Operating income was also a first quarter record at $2.7 billion, up 26% and 11.1% of revenue. We saw improved profitability in all 3 segments, led by CSG. Given the progress we’ve made on paying down debt, our interest expense was down approximately $162 million, contributing to an even stronger growth of 59% in consolidated net income to $1.8 billion. Earnings per share, was $2.13, up 59%. Our recurring revenue, which includes deferred revenue amortization, utility and as-a-Service models is approximately $6 billion a quarter, up 12% year-over-year. And our remaining performance obligation is approximately $42 billion, up 15%, which includes deferred revenue plus committed contract value not included in deferred revenue. The growth was driven by a solid performance in hardware and software maintenance and custom as-a-Service solutions. Excluding VMware, Dell’s remaining performance obligation is approximately $32 billion, up 18%. Turning to the business units, our Client Solutions Group delivered another quarter of outstanding results despite industry-wide supply chain challenges. CSG revenue was up 20% to $13.3 billion, driven by ongoing high demand for remote work and learning solutions along with gaming systems. Commercial revenue was up 14% to $9.8 billion. We saw double-digit orders growth for Latitudes, Precision systems and Commercial Chromebooks. And we are starting to see improved demand for desktops as orders for our commercial desktops return to growth. Our consumer business delivered revenue of $3.5 billion, up 42% as demand remains strong from consumers looking for upgraded experiences in today’s world of digital entertainment and e-commerce. On an orders basis, our XPS notebooks were up 21%; Alienware notebooks were up 76%; and our consumer online business was up 58%. And we are riding a wave of growing ASPs in the consumer business as more consumers are choosing high-end systems. CSG operating income was up 84% to a record of $1.1 billion and was 8.2% of revenue. We saw better-than-expected profitability primarily due to strong shipments, a stable pricing environment and some component cost deflation. We also had a strong quarter for client solutions software and peripherals and services. This highlights the points Jeff made earlier about the broader opportunity for our client business as we innovate across the ecosystem to deliver an enhanced experience for our customers looking to work and play effectively from anywhere. This total solution focus along with our differentiated competitive advantages and strategy, have enabled us to deliver margin expansion over the last 5 fiscal years. Over that period, CSG revenue has grown at a 7% CAGR while operating income has grown by a CAGR of 18%. Moving to ISG, we are encouraged by the positive momentum we have seen in this business over the last two quarters. For Q1, revenue was up 5% to $7.9 billion, driven by an improving demand environment for compute and building momentum in storage. We believe demand will continue to improve as we move through the year as customers accelerate their IT investments with focus on hybrid cloud solutions. Servers and networking revenue was $4.1 billion, up 9%, as we saw increased demand for infrastructure compute across our customer base. Storage revenue was $3.8 billion, flat compared to last year. Highlights for the quarter were hyperconverged infrastructure and midrange, each up 23% based on orders, as VxRail and PowerStore continued to deliver strong growth. Storage buyers were up 12%, driven by PowerStore. ISG operating income came in at $788 million or 10% of revenue, which was up 30 basis points as we benefited from continued operating expense discipline and an improving demand environment. We have a significant presence with many of the leading cloud-based companies in the world. In fact, we provide infrastructure to nearly 80% of the largest cloud service providers in the world. And looking at our top 1,000 ISG customers, demand from SaaS companies, cloud-hosting companies, telco, consumer webtech and fintech companies was up double digits over the trailing 12-month period and currently accounts for nearly 30% of orders from that top 1,000 customer set. The VMware business unit also performed well, delivering revenue of $3 billion, up 9%, and operating income of $841 million or 28.1% of revenue. Based on VMware’s standalone results, subscription and software-as-a-service revenue grew approximately 29%. The largest revenue contributions were from VMware Cloud Provider Program, modern applications, and end-user computing. Geographically, we have seen an encouraging rebound in demand across most of the countries and regions in which we operate. In our top markets, the United States was up 9%, China was up 36%, and Germany was up 19% based on orders. Dell Financial Services first quarter originations were $1.9 billion, up 5%, driven primarily by continued strength in our Americas business. DFS ended the quarter with $12.7 billion in total managed assets, up $1.4 billion year-over-year. We had a good quarter for our APEX Custom Solutions, Flex on Demand and Data Center Utility, where we saw bookings of $164 million. These offerings are key and will continue to contribute to our as-a-Service and growth in our remaining performance obligations. And as we talked about at Dell Tech World, APEX is the next evolution of what we’ve been building on for decades, aligning us even more closely with customer outcomes and results. The pace of adoption will be driven by customer acceptance, but we are seeing increased interest. We believe it will drive incremental revenue growth in the future. Turning to our capital structure and balance sheet, we had a strong quarter of cash flow generation and continued our focus on de-levering. We generated positive cash flow from operations of $2.2 billion despite typically using cash in our first quarter due to P&L seasonality and bonus payouts. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow from operations was a record $14.4 billion. And excluding VMware, it was $10.1 billion. We have a history of generating strong cash flow with our core business averaging more than $6 billion of cash flow from operations annually over the last 2 years. Cash and investments at the end of the quarter was approximately $15.9 billion and $10.1 billion for Dell, ex-VMware. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.2 billion, up 24% at 13.2% of revenue. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted EBITDA was $13.4 billion, up 13%. During the first quarter, we paid down approximately $1.5 billion of debt, paying off all of our fiscal year ‘22 maturities. Additionally, we paid $1 billion of the margin loan earlier this month for a total debt pay-down of $2.5 billion year-to-date. Our debt balance now stands at $47.2 billion, and that includes DFS-related debt of $10.2 billion and subsidiary debt of $4.8 billion. Our core debt ended the quarter at $27.9 billion, and our core leverage ratio is now approximately 2.3x adjusted EBITDA. Given our strong Q1 cash flow performance, ending Q1 cash balances and the expected VMware dividend proceeds of approximately $9.3 billion to $9.7 billion, we are increasing our full year debt pay-down target to be at least $16 billion for fiscal year ‘22. Our expectation is that once the spin of VMware is finalized, we will be upgraded to investment-grade by all three credit rating agencies. As a reminder, following the announcement of the VMware spin, the three rating agencies updated our outlooks to credit watch positive or put our credit rating under review for a potential upgrade to investment-grade ratings. After achieving an investment grade corporate family rating, we will target a core leverage ratio of 1.5x adjusted EBITDA. Given our healthy balance sheet and strong free cash flow, along with the anticipated Boomi proceeds, there will be opportunity for a more balanced capital allocation policy, including shareholder capital return, investments to grow the business and value-enhancing M&A. We will have more to say on this topic as we get closer to the close of the VMware transaction. Now, to our outlook, from a macro point of view, the pace of the global economic recovery is progressing with regional and country-specific puts and takes as COVID waves continue to impact many countries and the pace of global vaccine administration progress is uneven. Additionally, the pandemic drove acceleration of digital transformation across multiple industries, and supply has not kept up with demand for certain components. Geographically, North America, China and many countries in Europe are seeing stronger economic recovery and related IT spending. For revenue, it would be appropriate to flow our Q1 revenue upside through your full year models after considering the comments I just mentioned. It’s clearly a fluid environment. For Q2, our normal sequential revenue increase is about 6%. We are seeing progress on the economic front. But given ongoing supply constraints particularly impacting CSG as well as VMware’s standalone guidance, we expect Q2 revenue to be slightly below our normal sequential pattern over the past few years. For Q2 operating income, there is a few items I’d call out. As we talked about on prior calls, we had some costs coming back as we reinstated a number of employee-related benefits in Q1, most notably merit and promotions. I’d also remind you that the VMware and Dell core businesses are investing for long-term growth. We will see a mix shift within CSG in Q2, driven by normal seasonality of stronger education PCs and Chromebook sales. The component supply situation remains constrained, and we expect component cost to be inflationary in Q2. Factoring in these items, we expect operating income to be down low to mid-single digits sequentially on an absolute dollar basis. Below the operating income line, we will continue to benefit from lower interest expense. For non-GAAP tax rate, you should assume 17.5%, plus or minus 100 basis points. In addition, keep in mind the majority of the activity for the new $16 plus billion debt reduction target will take place in conjunction with the expected close of the VMware transaction in calendar Q4. In closing, we have a set of durable competitive advantages that we believe lead us to a differentiated growth strategy for GDP to GDP plus revenue growth, strong profitability and predictable cash flow. We are focused on maximizing long-term value creation for all aligned shareholders by continuing to profitably grow and modernize our core markets, adding value beyond hardware and transforming our business through APEX. We will leverage our market reach and philosophy of customer choice to bring a broad set of technology solutions to our customers through our first and best alliance with VMware and our broader partner ecosystem. We will pursue adjacent high-growth opportunities like hybrid cloud, telco, edge and data management through organic and potentially future inorganic investments. And we have been deliberate in our corporate and capital structure optimization with the announced VMware spin and Boomi transaction, along with the sale of RSA last year. We will continue to evaluate our structure and capital framework as we go forward. With that, I will turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Before we start the live portion of our call, I am sorry to share that Jeff will not be able to join us for the Q&A session. Regretfully, he had an emergency in his extended family this afternoon. Next, we ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get as many of you as possible. Jermiria, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: We’ll take our first question from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. On the supply constraint side as well as higher memory costs going higher and returning back to work, can you give us some color on that as far as your orders, your books? Are corporations ordering different things post-COVID than pre-COVID? And the component cost of memory, are you able to pass those through? Or is there like a one-quarter lag? Thank you very much.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jim. So look, I mean, as it relates to component costs, I’d give you the following thoughts, right? So, obviously, given the – what the environment is with the pace of recovery, the supply situation has not kept up with the demand environment as we think about the need for semiconductors. And that’s an industry-wide issue and clearly an issue that the technology industry is dealing with. Look, we do expect and – we do expect that component costs are inflationary in Q2 and probably are going to be inflationary in the second half as we think about it today. And that’s principally coming out of displays, DRAMs and NAND. We’re not seeing customers at this point in time adjust their configuration frameworks, if you will, in terms of the amount of memory or other types of how they are loading or configuring their systems. That has been a pattern we’ve seen in the past though with past memory cost or price increases in certain components. So it’s clearly something we’re watching. I do think as it relates to pricing, it is our intent that we will price the input cost increases as appropriate, keeping a thoughtful eye on the market and keeping – making sure we’re in a competitive position. So that’s sort of the state of play at this point.
Rob Williams: All right. Good. Thanks, Jim. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is with Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi. Yes. Thank you. Tom, your guide of low to mid-single-digit decline in operating income for next quarter, as we sort of look at that, that would put you roughly flattish for operating income year-on-year, but there are these inflationary pressures that you spoke about in the second half. How should we think about the balance of operating leverage that might kick in because of a recovery in ISG versus these inflationary costs? Is it correct to extrapolate what you’re talking about in 2Q further out in the year? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Well, look – hey, Wamsi, thanks for the question. I think about it like this. One, I’m really not going to get into the back half of the year other than - let me give you a couple of thoughts around reiterating perhaps what I just mentioned. One, I do think as we think about component cost increases, we will adjust our pricing as appropriate. We are going to have to work our way through the component supply dynamic situation, and that’s going to be an area that we’re going to have to actively manage as we go through the year. So as I suggested in the – in my comments, I would tell you to take the Q1 revenue framework and move that –bring that forward through your sequential models with some thought around the comments I just gave you around Q2 sequentials. And then, look, from my perspective, I don’t want to get into the back half. So we will update you on our Q3 thinking on our Q2 call. And then we have a scheduled – or we’re anticipating scheduling an Analyst Meeting in September, where we will give you more thoughts on the back half of the year and the go forward.
Rob Williams: All right. Hey, thanks, Wamsi. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Tom, I was hoping we could just maybe talk a little bit more on the free cash flow side. It was a lot more positive in the April quarter versus at least what my model had, which is more neutral maybe. So maybe just talk about what drove that performance in the April quarter? And then I don’t expect you to give me a full fiscal 2022 outlook, but what are the two or three puts and takes we should consider for the rest of the year from a free cash flow generation basis, especially given how strong April was?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, I’ll answer half of that question, and I’ll ask Tyler Johnson to jump in as well, our Treasurer. So the performance in cash for Q1 was quite strong. And you’re right, our seasonal pattern is typically a use of cash in Q1, given some of the dynamics of the business from a seasonality perspective and bonus payouts and things of that sort. Given the strength in the business though quarter-on-quarter, we did see strong cash flow generation in the quarter. And I think coupled with working capital management, the discipline that we’ve shown over the last number of years around working capital, we – I was very pleased with the cash performance. Tyler, what would you add, comments, thoughts about the environment from a cash perspective?
Tyler Johnson: I’d probably just add, we obviously benefit as we get this higher mix of CSG because that typically has shorter terms. So there is a benefit there. And look, our collections teams did just an outstanding job, so that was great. Just as a reminder, too, and as you compare it to a year ago, we did have a COVID impact last year. I think that was somewhere around $900 million. But look, as Tom said, it was a great cash flow quarter. We don’t guide forward on cash flow. But as I think about the rest of the year, at least as I think about next quarter, Q2 and Q4 tends to be our stronger cash flow quarters. And I am expecting Q2 to be a good cash flow quarter.
Rob Williams: All right. Great. Hey, thanks, Darya. Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. Tom, last quarter, you said there wasn’t yet confidence in the pace and timing of ISG recovery, which influenced your view of profit declines for the year. Can you just update us on where your visibility and confidence in ISG revenue recovery is today versus 90 days ago? And if it recovers, as it’s started to in the first quarter, does that give you a possible path to profit growth for the year if you execute through the supply dynamics you talked about?
Tom Sweet: Yes, Katy. I was pleased with the progress that we made in ISG in Q1, overall, revenue of $7.9 billion, up 5%, operating income a little bit up against a year ago, but headed in the right direction. We saw server velocity improving as the demand for compute accelerated, and servers and networking were up 9%. So, pleased with that. IDC, as you would know, has a slightly positive sort of spin on server revenue growth for the year; saw improvement in storage with flat year-on-year, which is obvious from a revenue perspective, but improvement from Q4; really pleased with the progress we’re making in midrange. HCI continues to be strong. PowerStore receptivity is – from a customer base perspective, has been good. And we’re seeing net new buyers increasing in storage. So Q1 was positive. As we look out to the rest of the year, again, while I don’t want to forecast the rest of the year, we will continue to see how the trends shape. We are reasonably optimistic that the IDC forecast for servers will – and storage continues to – will continue to be positive as it is in Q2, and we will continue to see progress there. So I think as we get to the back half of the year and we get through Q2, we will give you our perspective on the back half in terms of, does ISG velocity continue. We do – we – at this point, we believe that it is a positive trend and that we expect it to improve as we go through the year, as we have said in the past. So overall, cautiously optimistic about the year for ISG.
Rob Williams: Hey, thanks, Katy. Thanks, Tom. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you for taking the quarter – the question. I have a question about your reselling relationship with VMware today. So I think in your last fiscal year, you resold about $4 billion worth of VMware product. A small minority of that was along with Dell product. Most of it was just distributing VMware product to resellers. What is the financial arrangement when you resell VMware products? So on that $3.5 billion that’s not affiliated with Dell product, do you receive a commission? And is there any sort of internal revenue transfer deduction? And then when Dell and VMware are separate, will Dell still be receiving commissions or what will be the financial arrangement and incentive for Dell to continue to act as VMware’s largest distributor?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Toni, without getting into a lot of detail there, you – as you would know, today, any – VMware is consolidated. So those – the revenue flowing through Dell is effectively eliminated as we consolidate VMware. I would harken the relationship on the $3.5 billion that you referenced to distributor arrangement, where it’s a distributor-margin-type framework. And that’s the intent as we move forward. Obviously, post spin, we’re not eliminating the VMware revenue and related margin. But as highlighted in the commercial agreement framework, as we chatted about in April, we do expect that through our sales incentives and our selling organizations that we’re incentivized to sell VMware. We still think about VMware as part of the – from a first investor relationship given our tightly coupled solution capabilities that we have. So we’re going to continue to move forward with VMware and push that as appropriate, but it’s effectively a distributor arrangement.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Toni. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fox with Fox Advisors.
Steven Fox: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if you could dig in a little bit more into the storage orders. I think you mentioned up 23%. How does that sort of play into your thinking for the rest of the year? Any other color on the mix or how it’s trending with certain customers would be helpful. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Steven, it’s – what – if we just think about storage, storage revenue for first quarter was $3.8 billion, flat year-over-year. What I highlighted though was as we look at some of the families within the storage framework, we were very pleased with midrange storage up 23%. We’re pleased with our HCI performance. We saw slower growth but still growth in our unstructured and our Isilon PowerScale offerings. Power – the high end, which is a smaller portion of the market, was soft for us. We’ve highlighted that in the past couple of quarters. But as you recall, if you think about where from a total TAM addressable market it is, the midrange storage is the biggest area of opportunity for us. And we’re pleased with the dynamic and the velocity that we’re seeing there. I highlighted the fact that storage net new buyers was up 12%. So, pleased with that. Within PowerStore, 20% of the buyers are new storage buyers. And we’ve got about 25% more competitive displacements year-over-year with PowerStore. So we are pleased with the customer receptivity. We just recently announced a software upgrade in terms of – which is our fourth software release for the family in the last year. And that’s – it’s – again, it’s a micro-services and container-based architecture. So it’s – these are non-disruptive upgrades, but the 25% faster performance for mixed workloads, so more automation. So we’re – I think the pace of innovation within the PowerStore framework is continuing to move forward. So having said that, look, we are cautiously optimistic about storage. So we’ve got – we went from a negative growth in Q4 in storage revenue on a year-over-year basis. We now have flat. We need to get it to growth. And obviously, the point here is that it’s got to continue to grow on a more consistent basis. But the overall economic environment and the buying environment and the IT forecasting would suggest that the storage market should continue to be positive for the year, and we will – it’s our intention to take advantage of it. So cautiously optimistic but there is more work to do. We have more work to do on coverage models. We have more work to do to accelerate consistent performance across the entire portfolio. So those are areas of focus for us.
Rob Williams: Yes. And so look, the industry forecast are for kind of mid-4% growth for the year, for the overall storage industry. So we feel pretty good about that opportunity going forward, for sure. Thanks, Steve. I appreciate that question. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. Tom, can you talk a bit about how APEX will impact the P&L and maybe working capital or CapEx over time? I realize it’s still early, but as you look at how the subscription revenue and that will flow through, can you just give us some of your high-level thoughts? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hi, Shannon, yes, look, I mean we’re very excited about APEX. And you are right, it is very early in the journey with APEX. We just announced the first set of offerings at Dell Tech World a few weeks ago. But having said that, customer interest has been quite strong, and we’re encouraged by that. But – so – but from a financial perspective, as it relates to the year, I mean it’s clearly – it’s just not going to have a material impact on the year as we think about it this year just given the size of the company that we are. What we are going to watch and monitor is number of new customers coming into APEX to make sure that that’s ramping as appropriate and within our plans. And then as it becomes more relevant to the financial situation, we will begin to give you some framework to think about around that. But you are right, on a subscription and revenue – with a subscription-based offering, clearly, revenue and cash flows are impacted as those – as that business ramps. But I’m confident given our size, our scale, our ability and our strong balance sheet that we will navigate through that as appropriate. But again, we will give you more information on that as the ramp – at the appropriate time as we see the ramp.
Rob Williams: Yes. Good. Thanks, Shannon. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. My question is on the CSG side, clearly very strong results in the first quarter. How are you thinking about the revenue growth for that business for the remainder of the year? And if you can comment on your expectations for commercial versus consumer separately, that would be great. And how do you discount the potential impact from component shortage, which seems to be impacting CSG more? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, we’re very pleased with the CSG performance, if I can get those words out. It’s a pretty robust demand environment, and we saw that – we saw strong demand in Q4. We saw it again in Q1, very – overall revenue up 20% to $13.3 billion; 42% growth in consumer revenue, up to $3.5 billion; and $9.8 billion of commercial revenue, up 14% for Q1. So as we think about the future, there is no indication at this point in time that the demand environment remains strong. Now what we’re carefully watching is as we get into Q2 and the remainder of the year is that, as you highlighted, there are component supply and component cost dynamics that we will have to manage and work our way through. I highlighted in my prepared remarks that component costs in Q2 are going to be inflationary. We will price that inflation – that input cost to increase as appropriate, and we will have to watch to make sure that the – we will watch to see of any impact on demand. And that’s really the framework we’re going to have to work our way through as we go through the year. If you look at IDC forecast, they are forecasting a very robust demand environment for calendar ‘21. I think something appropriately like 355 million, 357 million units, 18% growth, if I recall properly. And so we’re optimistic about the business, but I do think that the supply dynamic in terms of availability is going to be – have to be something we’re going to have to navigate. And that’s going to be with us. Our best point of view is that supply constraint continues on into next year. And our supply chain team is working that daily to ensure that we are managing that to the extent possible. But Sidney, we are very positive about CSG, it was strong. The longer-term trends are also very strong in CSG, as we think about the TAM expansion, as Jeff highlighted in his comments, from $600 billion in calendar ‘19 to $750 billion in 2025. And that’s all based upon what’s happening with the PC in terms of the PC as an essential unit. The density of PCs within households is increasing. We’ve got – we’re seeing faster refresh cycles given the migration to notebooks from desktops. We – and so there is just lots of positive indicators. And then the ecosystem around the PC itself in terms of software and support, the services element, we’ve got work we are doing on making the PC experience a much more seamless and holistic experience. And so we are very optimistic about the opportunity over the next coming years in the PC space as we continue to think about how do we grow and modernize the core business and then how do we build out the ecosystem and take advantage through our direct selling and cross-sell motion around the PC unit itself. So – but again, there is work to do in the short-term as we work our way through some of the component supply dynamics.
Rob Williams: Hey, thanks, Tom. Thanks, Sidney. Next question?
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking me in. I wanted to come back to this net debt-to-EBITDA target you mentioned, Tom, of 1.5x. If we look at this cash flow glide path and all the other pieces of cash coming to you guys in the deal and Boomi and so on, I mean that seems like a lot of cash that frees up for Dell Technologies shareholders to be distributed or maybe it’s M&A. But I wonder if you could just comment a little bit on the timing on that. And then also, what are your priorities? Is it – do you have any thoughts on – is it dividend? Is it buyback? How do you prioritize the return of that cash? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hi, Rod, you are right, if things play out as we presume they will, given the VMware spin and the business performance that we’re seeing, we – there is a substantial amount of cash coming to Dell Technologies. And we’ve highlighted that as – vis-à-vis our adjusted upward target around debt repayment to $16 billion-plus of debt repayment. If those play out as we think about it and we’re investment-grade post the anticipated VMware spin transaction, it does open up the opportunity to broaden out our capital allocation framework. And we’ve talked about this a bit, as you know. I think over the last 5 years, roughly about 90% to 95% of our free cash flow has been devoted to debt repayment. That pivots obviously given the situation or the opportunity we will have later in the year. So we are going to broaden out our capital allocation strategy. Part of that will be a program around shareholder capital return. And that’s a balance between – as we think our way through dividend or share buyback or some combination thereof as well as investment in the business and potentially targeted inorganic M&A activity. I’d offer up that we will provide some more thoughts on this whole area as we get closer to the VMware spin transaction date and give you some frameworks to think about at that point in time.
Tyler Johnson: Hey, Rod, and just to make sure that I heard you correctly, because I thought you might have said net debt. I just want to be clear it’s gross debt at 1.5x.
Rob Williams: Perfect. Thanks for that clarification, Tyler. Alright. Nest question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Cabral with Credit Suisse.
Matt Cabral: Yes. Thank you. It sounded from the prepared remarks like you guys had a really strong quarter in China. I was wondering if you could just remind us how big China is within the portfolio and maybe speak to the areas of strength that you saw during the quarter there and then just broadly how we should think about sustainability within China going forward?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hi, Matt. So, China is roughly, from a revenue basis, about 6%, 7% of consolidated revenue at this point. It’s our second largest business unit. Having said that, it’s – from a percent of operating income generation, it’s much less than that, okay? It tends to be a lower ASP business. And the mix dynamic over there is a bit more skewed towards the client. The sustainability of it – look, I mean we’ve come through a couple of tough years with China in terms of having to reset that business and refocus the business from customer base – refocusing on specific segments of customer base, principally focused on the smaller corporates, medium business, building out the direct selling motion, building out the medium business frameworks over there. Sustainability continues to be an area that we’re thinking our way through. There is obviously geopolitical dynamics we – that you have to work your way through. But the China market is a big market. We’re – we’ve been in China a long time. We’re there to make sure that we can serve the China market appropriately. But we will continue to watch the cost structure over there and adjust appropriately given the business velocity that we’re seeing but reasonably optimistic in the long-term, but it’s an area of continued focus as we – to make sure that we set the business model over there appropriately.
Rob Williams: Alright. Thanks, appreciate the question. Alright. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to see if maybe you could give us a little bit more help on what’s your thinking is happening currently in your gross margins. And what I’m getting at is really trying to understand what kind of pressure you’re experiencing from supply chain for Dell from things like expedite fees for components or increased prices. So just trying to get a better sense of how to quantify the gross margin headwind you would relate to your supply chain issues. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey, Simon, I’m not really going to parse that a lot for you. But I will tell you that, as I highlighted, that we are seeing component cost inflation in Q2 and remind you that Q1 was a component cost deflationary period for us. So we’re moving from deflation to inflation. We have seen increased logistics costs just given the availability of containers. The overall transport costs are up. We have air transports up. Shipping containers are at a premium. So those have all been headwinds into the logistics cost. Now this is what we do every day. So we’re managing our way through it. But to the extent that we’re seeing increased costs there, we are passing those through as appropriate. And there is no signs that these are going to subside anytime soon. I’ll say it like that just given the strong economic environment that we see from a demand perspective.
Rob Williams: Alright. Thanks, Simon. I think we have got time for one more question, so…
Operator: We will now take our final question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for letting me in at the end here. I wanted to kind of build on Simon’s question there. As we think about the ISG segment, a lot of the component costs or a lot of component constraints have been kind of centered, it seems like, on the PC segment. Have you seen constraints in your ability to meet demand in the ISG segment, particularly servers? And if so, how would you characterize kind of the lead times on products or for that matter, kind of backlog building if you are seeing constraints?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Aaron, I would say it like this for ISG from a server perspective. We really haven’t seen significant supply constraint in the server space at this point. Obviously, some of the input costs are going up around DRAM and NAND. But in terms of our ability to meet demand, we’ve been able to navigate through that. And our lead times in servers are generally on standard lead times. So that environment – the ISG environment to date has been reasonably unaffected by some of the supply chain constraints as we look at it today.
Rob Williams: Okay. Thanks. Hey, that’s going to wrap Q&A. I appreciate everyone joining us today. We will be participating virtually in a number of investor conferences and events throughout June and July. So please check the IR website, look for press releases from us for announcements of the upcoming events. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-02-25 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2021 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Katherine and thanks, everyone for joining us today. With me today are our Vice Chairman and COO, Jeff Clarke, our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. Our press release, financial tables, web deck, prepared remarks and additional materials are available on our IR website. The guidance section will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless we otherwise indicate, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Additionally, I’d like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements, based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Finally, before I turn it over to Jeff, I want to touch on the amended 13D we filed in July 2020, regarding our exploration of potential alternatives with respect to our ownership interest in VMware. We continue to believe that a tax-free spin could drive significant shareholder value by simplifying our capital structures and enabling greater strategic flexibility, while maintaining a strong commercial partnership between Dell and VMware. Both companies continue to be engaged on key work streams, and as VMware communicated earlier today, we are making progress in our discussion. However, there is no assurance that we will reach a definitive agreement. We will not address the discussions any further or take questions related to this topic on today's call. Now, I’ll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks Rob. Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us for our first call of calendar 2021. 2020 was a year that none of us anticipated and none of us want to repeat. But it also brought out the best of humanity and reinforced the criticality of technology to solving the problems of today and tomorrow. At Dell Technologies, we are grateful and honored to have a central role in helping our customers, from consumers to the largest enterprises, keep our society, our economy and our lives moving forward. Finally, I could not be prouder of how our teams responded in Q4 and throughout this challenging year, delivering for customers, world-wide, the real business outcomes they need. As a result, our customer relationships and conversations have deepened. And no customer is asking how they can unwind their investments in digital transformations. It’s all about moving their businesses forward and investing in their future. For example, gaining insights from data, customers like the University of Pisa in Italy, turned to PowerStore, PowerScale and PowerMax for core storage infrastructure to enable remote learning and accelerate their hybrid cloud and AI projects. Swisscomm AG is using our as-a-Service and flexible consumption storage solutions for affordable, on-demand access to extra capacity when they need it. And, Dell Technologies is in the middle of the edge and telecom transformation, most recently with Tech Mahindra and AlefEdge in Brazil to offer edge computing as-a-Service to local telecommunication service providers. These customer examples illustrate not just the market tailwinds that will benefit Dell Technologies, a future that is highly digital and highly distributed, but why we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the trends. Our unique direct sales engine touches more customers than anyone in technology, giving us insights as we build solutions, and allowing us to meet customers where they are in their digital transformation. Our breadth from edge to core to cloud makes us relevant no matter the customer challenge and our unmatched global services allow us to simplify IT complexity for our customers. Behind all of this, of course, are award winning product teams, a global supply chain with unmatched scale and reach, and financing capabilities that make us trusted advisors to IT decision makers at companies of all sizes. Dell Technologies has never been stronger or more relevant. Turning to the financial results, we delivered a record $26.1 billion of revenue in Q4 with sequential revenue growth of 11%, driven by strong results in our CSG and VMware businesses, as well as our improvement in our ISG business. Tom will cover Q4 in more detail later in the call. For the full year, revenue was a record $94.4 billion, up 2%. Operating income was up 6% to $10.8 billion and adjusted EBITDA was $12.7 billion, up 8%. Earnings per share for the full year was $8.00, up 9%. Throughout FY21, we leveraged the depth and breadth of our portfolio to lean into the pockets of growth when and where they occurred. We executed with discipline, speed and precision. And, in what was an extremely dynamic environment, we delivered record results. Our Client Solutions Group had an outstanding year, delivering record shipments, revenue and operating income. Revenue for the full year was $48.4 billion, up 5% and operating income was up 7% to $3.4 billion. And for the calendar year 2020, according to IDC, we shipped 50.3 million units, up 8% and the most ever in a year. Our commercial PC results were even stronger with commercial unit growth of 11%. Dell gained the most commercial unit share of the top three vendors with share gain concentrated in notebooks. Resilient demand was driven by the fast growing technology-enabled world where consumers can do anything from anywhere. Instead of going to work, school, entertainment, a restaurant, or shopping it all comes to us, the PC is the hub of this new economic model. Our consumer business delivered record revenue of $13 billion for the year, up 12%. Customers have shifted to e-commerce and our strategy shift earlier this year to our advantaged direct and online selling paid off, our consumer business was up 51% on a revenue basis based on orders and our consumer online business was up 64% for the year based on orders revenue. Commercial revenue was up 3% to $35.4 billion, also a record. Orders for our commercial notebooks were up 46% on a unit basis and 28% on an orders revenue basis while orders revenue for Commercial Chromebooks was up triple digits. ISG Solutions Group revenue was $32.6 billion, down 4%. We saw demand in the second half of the year, improve with our best results in Q4, as spend increased in the infrastructure needed to power the Do-From-Anywhere World. Servers and networking revenue for the year was $16.5 billion, down 4%, but with growth in the fourth quarter. Server demand improved in Q4, and PowerEdge orders were up mid-single digits. Our storage revenue was $16.1 billion, down 4%, but we did see demand growth in key areas. PowerMax, hyperconverged infrastructure and PowerProtect Data Domain all saw solid growth during the year on an orders basis. Our midrange storage business returned to growth in the fourth quarter, driven by accelerated adoption of PowerStore. PowerStore orders grew four times compared to its third quarter orders as customers embrace the next generation of modern data center technology and applications. In a challenging environment, PowerStore is ramping faster than XtremIO and VxRail, making it the fastest new architecture we have released. Additionally, approximately 20% of our PowerStore customers are new to our storage business as we tripled the number of wins against key competitors’ quarter-over-quarter. Our VMware business also had a strong year, with revenue of $11.9 billion, up 9%. Our partnership and co-innovation engine with VMware has never been stronger. In Q4, we announced a collaboration with SK Telecom and VMware to deliver 5G-enabled edge computing solutions to help enterprises quickly act on data where it resides. Throughout a year of unprecedented disruption, we were able to pivot quickly, deliver profitable growth, disciplined share gains, consistent execution, innovation, and strong financial returns. Now, let’s move from FY 2021 and I’ll share a little perspective on what we see ahead. We believe the demand environment will continue to improve. Estimates from both IDC and Gartner see IT spending growing mid-single-digits in calendar year 2021, including growth in our core PC, server, and storage markets. The Do-From-Anywhere World is here to stay. We believe the total addressable market is expanding as there are still millions of children around the world that need PCs, the number of PCs in a household continues to increase, and additionally, refresh cycles are accelerating with the shift to notebooks. And, we are on the cusp of widespread 5G connectivity driving real-time, automated, and intelligent outcomes at the edge. This will drive an estimated $700 billion in cumulative spend on edge IT infrastructure and data centers within the decade. There is a lot of opportunity ahead for Dell Technologies and we are going after it with a balanced growth strategy. That begins with growing and modernizing our core businesses. The value creation potential in our client and infrastructure businesses is enormous, as we consolidate share in markets that have steady, GDP-like growth. We also know long-term success means doing more than just winning the consolidation; it requires us to keep modernizing the customer experience, which brings us to APEX, announced last October at Dell Technologies World. With APEX, we are extending our long history of offering IT-as-a-Service to deliver IT resources on demand, Dell-managed infrastructure, enabling our customers to pay only for what you use, built on a foundation of trusted technology, at scale. Starting in May, we will bring the first of the new APEX offers to market and add new offerings over the course of the year. This foundational work sets us up to respond to accelerating customer needs and capture market momentum, momentum towards a hybrid, distributed future fueled by data and analytics. We are integrating and innovating with VMware and across our leading capabilities and partner ecosystems to create the automated, integrated infrastructure for 5G, and the Data Era, that is AI and ML enabled with intrinsic security throughout. And that’s how we win at the edge, the next technology frontier. By extending our cloud model and ecosystem to the edge, we can provide a consistent approach to infrastructure, data, applications, and security across the entire environment. The competitive advantages I highlighted earlier, our end-to-end portfolio, our sales force, and customer intimacy, our global services capability give us a distinctive position in the next evolution of our industry. Before I turn it over to Tom, let me leave you with a few thoughts. We are emerging in an advantaged position for the enormous opportunities ahead, technology delivered as-a-Service, 5G, and edge computing. Technology is clearly front and center for the digital futures and Dell Technologies is uniquely positioned to win in the Data Era that is already underway. Now, I'll turn it over to Tom for a closer look at the financials.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Given what we were modeling for the demand environment early last year with the onset of the pandemic, I am pleased with the record results in revenue, operating income, earnings per share, and cash generation; both for the full year and the fourth quarter. The flexibility of our business model and the adaptability of our team positioned us to successfully navigate the macro environment, while enabling our customers' digital transformation. We ended the year with a strong Q4. Revenue was up 8% to $26.1 billion, driven primarily by the strong growth in our CSG and VMware businesses with improvement in our ISG business. With a weaker US dollar, FX was a tailwind in the quarter of approximately 100 basis points. Gross margin was $8.6 billion, up 3% and 33% of revenue. Gross margin as a percent of revenue was 170 basis points lower driven by the overall mix shift to CSG given the strong client demand environment. Operating expense was $5.3 billion, down 5% year-over-year, but up 6% sequentially. In the quarter, we started to add back certain employee-related costs like 401(k) match, merit, promotions and new hiring to support growth. Operating income was up 19% to $3.3 billion, or 12.6% of revenue driven primarily by the operating expense controls, revenue growth in CSG and improved Consumer gross margins. Consolidated net income was $2.3 billion, up 36%, and earnings per share was $2.70 a share, up 35%. Our operational execution and the strong demand environment combined to deliver record P&L metrics and a record $5.9 billion in cash flow from operations. Total deferred revenue was $30.8 billion, up $3 billion. Our recurring revenue, which includes deferred revenue amortization, utility and as-a-Service models, is now approximately $6 billion a quarter, up 8% year-over-year. And as Jeff highlighted, our APEX offerings will broaden our as-a-Service solutions across our portfolio, giving customers more flexibility to scale their IT solutions to meet their business needs and budgets. Turning to the business units, our Client Solutions Group delivered record results. The ongoing strong demand for remote work and learning solutions, along with gaming systems drove CSG revenue up 17% to $13.8 billion, as we delivered record shipments again in the quarter. Commercial revenue was up 16% to a record-high $9.9 billion, as we continued to see strong growth in Latitude and Precision notebooks and Commercial Chromebooks. Consumer revenue also reached a record at $3.8 billion, up 19%, driven by strength across all of our consumer notebooks and gaming systems. CSG operating income was up 67% to $1.0 billion and was 7.6% of revenue. We saw better-than-expected profitability due to our record shipments, favorable component costs, improved profitability in consumer and continued operating expense controls across the business. Our client solutions business had an extraordinary year in FY 2021, as we moved quickly to take advantage of demand opportunities. This business consistently provides stable revenue and generates strong cash flow regardless of the demand cycles we see in the PC space. Now with the record year we just finished, CSG revenue has grown at a 7% CAGR over the last five fiscal years, while the CAGR for operating income has grown by 18%. ISG revenue was $8.8 billion, which was flat year-over-year but up 10% sequentially. We were pleased to see improvement in this business as we ended the year and we believe that there will be improved demand for infrastructure as we move through FY 2022. Storage revenue was $4.4 billion, down 2%. Midrange, PowerProtect Data Domain and VxRail were highlights as all three saw solid orders growth. As Jeff described, PowerStore is gaining momentum, and we are encouraged by the upward trajectory of the ramp as orders grew 4x quarter-over-quarter. Servers and networking returned to growth with revenue up 3% to $4.4 billion. We are pleased with Mainstream orders growth, up 11% sequentially. We saw improved demand from large enterprises and continued improvement from our small and medium customers. ISG operating income was a record at $1.2 billion or 13.5% of revenue, which was up 80 basis points as we benefited from lower operating expense and an improving demand environment. The VMware business unit also had a record quarter, delivering revenue of $3.3 billion, up 6%, and operating income of $1.1 billion, or 32.2% of revenue. Based on VMware's standalone results, Subscription as-a-service revenue grew 27%. The business saw strong growth in the VMware Cloud Provider Program, End-user Computing, Carbon Black, and VMware Cloud on AWS. VMware Cloud on AWS once again had a great quarter with both workloads and revenue nearly doubling year-over-year. Looking at our Dell Technologies results from a geographic perspective, we saw an encouraging rebound in Q4 orders demand across many of our largest countries. In our top three markets, the United States was up 1%, China was up 12%, and the UK was up 18$. Dell Financial Services fourth quarter originations were $2.4 billion and were $8.9 billion for the full year, up 5%. DFS ended the year with a record $13.1 billion in total managed assets, up $1.5 billion year-over-year with global portfolio losses at historical lows. Turning to our capital structure and balance sheet, we had record cash flow from operations, both for the fourth quarter and the full year. Our strong profitability and sequential growth along with our working capital management drove record Q4 cash flow from operations of $5.9 billion. For the full year, we generated $11.4 billion in cash flow from operations. Adjusted free cash flow in the quarter was $5.5 billion, up 46%, and for the year, adjusted free cash flow was $10.5 billion. Cash flow from operations for the past three years maintained an average of $9.2 billion illustrating a strong, stable cash generation ability. Cash and investments at the end of the quarter, was $15.8 billion and approximately $10.6 billion at core Dell. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.8 billion, up 19% at 14.6% of revenue. For the full year, adjusted EBITDA was $12.7 billion, up 8%. We delivered on our fiscal year 2021 core debt pay-down target of $5.5 billion and are pleased with the progress we've made on de-levering. Considering the uncertainty that arose in the early stages of the pandemic, this progress is extraordinary, and I'm proud of the team for our strong liquidity position as we exited the year. The strong debt pay-down, along with lower interest rates, drove interest expense down approximately $300 million year-over-year. During the fourth quarter, we paid down approximately $2.4 billion of core debt. Since the quarter ended, we have notified our bond holders of our intent to repay $1 billion in legacy and high yield notes that are coming due later in the year. With this anticipated pay-down, we only have approximately $500 million of remaining scheduled maturities for fiscal year 2022. Our total debt principal balance as of fiscal year-end now stands at $48.5 billion and that includes DFS-related debt of $10.3 billion and subsidiary debt of $4.8 billion. Our core debt ended the quarter at $29.2 billion, and our core leverage ratio is now approximately 2.5x, which is well within our target core leverage range of 2.0 to 3.0x. Given our continued strong cash generation and debt pay-down, S&P and Fitch, both raised their credit outlooks for Dell Technologies and VMware from Negative to Stable while maintaining their current credit ratings. We will continue to prioritize debt pay-down as part of our capital allocation strategy, and we are confident in our path toward an investment grade rating. Now to our outlook for fiscal year 2022 and Q1. For fiscal year 22, while the exact timing is fluid, we expect the global economy to improve as we move through the year. This should benefit ISG and VMware as the year progresses; particularly as our customers return to the office. We expect CSG strength to continue through the first half with tougher compares in the second half. Factoring in VMware standalone guidance, the divestiture of RSA and the ongoing risks associated with the macro environment, we currently expect revenue to grow in the low to mid-single digit range. We expect to see costs come back into the P&L, though not fully back to pre-pandemic OpEx levels. We have reinstated a number of employee-related benefits, most notably merit, promotions and 401k match, and VMware and Dell core businesses are investing for long-term growth. These expense additions and their full-year impact, combined with VMware guidance for operating income of 28% for their standalone P&L, should be factored into your operating income models. Also, remember Dell Technologies VMware business unit results include additional OpEx that we recognize related to combined solutions selling expenses. Below the operating income line, we will benefit from lower interest expense and a stable tax rate of 18% plus or minus 100 basis points. Please also factor in a higher weighted average share count driven by the absence of a share repurchase program in FY ’21 and currently planned for FY ’22. In addition, we expect to pay down at least $5 billion in debt this year, including the $1 billion I referenced a moment ago. For Q1, there are a few items we would like you to consider. First, you should factor in VMware standalone revenue guidance, which is in line with normal seasonality. We also expect typical revenue seasonality for ISG. For CSG, we had an exceptional fourth quarter and we expect continued solid industry demand in Q1 with industry demand potentially outpacing supply. As a result, we currently expect strong revenue growth in the mid-teens year-over-year. Given our exceptional results in Q4 and Q1 last year, we would be happy with that result. This nets out to Q1 year-over-year revenue growth in the mid-single-digit range. Below the revenue line, the same perspectives I shared for the full year will also impact your Q1 modeling. Factoring this in, we expect operating income dollars to be down slightly year-over-year. In closing, we have a strong operating heritage focused on execution in our core businesses and value creation over time. Our model delivers top-line growth, solid profitability and generates strong cash flow through various economic cycles and environments. Over the last four years, our ISG and CSG combined revenue has grown at a 5% CAGR and contributed more than $310 billion in revenue with approximately $25 billion in operating income. In that same time period, our VMware business segment has delivered $41 billion in revenue and $12 billion in operating income. Last year was no exception to that strong execution and value creation focus. We outgrew our competitors, gaining share in commercial client and servers; we reenergized our mid-range storage offering, we grew profitability faster than revenue and generated record cash flow. We delivered on our FY 2021 de-levering goal and continue to focus our capital allocation policy on debt pay down. And, we've taken the appropriate corporate structure steps as evidenced by the ongoing simplification of operations, the divestiture of RSA and the exploration of a potential tax-free spin of VMware. As we look forward, we will continue to focus on what we can control and be disciplined in balancing growth with profitability and investing in future growth vectors.  With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as we can. Katherine, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. 
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks. I guess the question is on the PC business as we look at your growth commercial up 16%, I think your competitor tonight was down 6%. I'm just curious how do you see as we return back to normal just the demand environment on commercial PCs? And what's your expectation of growth in that segment as we move through the course of 2021?
Jeff Clarke: Sure Aaron, this is Jeff. If you think about where the strong points of growth have been in commercial this past year we think there are sources of growth as we head into 2021 and education being one of those the public sector being one of those there's a modernization moving towards notebooks the mobile form factor. We're seeing the mobile form factor now represent roughly 25% -- or excuse me 75% of the marketplace desktops being 25% of the marketplace. That bodes well for public organizations that have been roughly 50-50 notebook and desktops, so some catching up to do there. We think that continues to fuel growth as we head in to the 2021 calendar year soon to be or now our fiscal 2022 for us. So I think those signs are good. I think we also have to realize that people are going to go back to work and go into an office in many cases they haven't been in for five, six, seven quarters depending on when that occurs. That will be the largest aging or the most significant aging of an installed base that certainly we've seen ever in our industry.  I also think this -- it's an important consideration in this work-from-home and do-from-anywhere environment, we don't believe slows down post pandemic or post people going back to the office. So we're going to continue to see an environment where people will do more and more work more and more of their activities away from the office, driving demand for PCs which has become essential in this type of work environment, this type of consumer environment.  I think I said on our last call, there's no question in our mind that the PC has become one of, if not the most essential device in this work-from-anywhere, do-from-anywhere environment that we're in today.  Long-winded way of saying I think the market continues to look strong. If you saw the IDC data that came out yesterday their strength of the demand environment continues to be strong in both the commercial and consumer marketplaces in calendar 2021. I hope that helps. 
Rob Williams: Yeah. Thank you Aaron, I appreciate it. Let’s go to the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. 
Rod Hall: Yeah. Great. Thanks for the question. Tom, I wanted to drill into this cash flow number because it's extremely strong. And just get you maybe to talk a little bit about working capital changes there. How that working capital change looks in April? I mean normally in April, you'd be increasing working capital. I wonder if that's going to be the case this year. Just maybe talk us through kind of how sustainable some of that is? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hi, Rod. I'm happy to chat about it. First, let me just say, I think the company had an extraordinary Q4 from a cash flow perspective. And I think it shows the power of the model when you get sequential growth quarter-on-quarter in the business like we did. And Q4 was normally a strong cash flow quarter for us to begin with Rod.  So if you look at the demands or the dynamics of working capital, what you saw was despite the strong revenue growth which drove a build in accounts receivable, our aging actually improved. I think we had good discipline around our inventory positions. And our payables positions were I think appropriate. As we think -- so there wasn't really anything unusual in the quarter from a working capital dynamic other than I think the team executed well in managing the balance sheet and we benefited from the strong business environment and the revenue environment that we saw.  I would -- so as we step from Q4 into Q1, I would remind everybody that Q1 is traditionally our weakest cash quarter. It's also generally our weakest quarter of the year from a business perspective. So we normally see a cash -- we normally burn some cash in Q1. And I think our expectation is that we'll do that again in the quarter, although probably not to the extent that we did it a year ago. So I mean I think we're being good -- I feel really good about our cash position $10.6 billion at the core Dell level.  I think the teams, I think we're well positioned from a liquidity perspective. If you heard in my prepared remarks we've already notified the bondholders of $1 billion pay-down from some of the maturity schedules that are due this year which only leaves us $500 million of scheduled maturities for the year. So I think we're in good shape Rod and we'll continue to manage our way and be disciplined in the balance sheet. Tyler, would you add anything to that? 
Rod Hall: Okay. Thank you
Tyler Johnson: Yes. Look I think the only thing I would add is, look, I think we'll remain focused on working capital, right? I mean we did end at really good levels, right? I don't expect there to be a material shift as we work through next year. So I guess the only other thing is keep in mind also that Q1 a year ago, we did have some impacts from COVID to working capital, right? So obviously we won't have those same impacts going into Q1 this year. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tyler. Thanks, Rod.
Rod Hall: Thank you
Rob Williams: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Yes. Thank you. Maybe Jeff, what do you expect the shape of the recovery to look like in ISG this year given that was a laggard in fiscal 2021? And just a color around orders or the pipeline build that you saw in ISG that might build some confidence in a recovery? Thanks.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. I will tell you it's one of the questions Tom and I often sit back and reflect on inside the company as we look at our FY 2022 plan just how the ISG market responds. You've seen the market forecast, there shows growth to be in both the server and storage sectors. We spend a lot of time trying to figure out a model, what that looks like in terms of when and at what rate it comes back. It's still a little foggy, if you will, to call, because if you look at the IDC forecast for storage as an example in Q1, it's negative. That said, I think there's some encouraging signs in our business. If you recall in our Q3 comments I think, I made a comment that our server business accelerated throughout the quarter and that momentum continued in Q4 to the point where our server business had, for the first time in eight quarters, growth, that's encouraging. We saw in our server business large bids respond back positively. Our small business and medium business sectors came back positively. So seeing growth in the server sector is I think very encouraging for us. We saw growth in the high-value workloads. We're actually very excited about the progress that we've made in high-value workloads seeing that growth being in, let's say, significant double digits, if you will, and increasing our share position in the most valuable workloads in the data center. I'm encouraged by that and it clearly looks like server momentum continues. Storage; clearly you've seen our results; we were down in the quarter, an improvement over Q3. We saw vast improvement in the midrange, the first time we've grown the midrange now in storage, I believe, it's in nine quarters. We grew midrange by 8% on the back of PowerStore. We had growth in both our PowerStore business our HCI segment, we grew in our data -- our PowerProtect data domain segment and we grew which I think is equally important in our all-flash array segment. So we had growth in those areas in our storage business, obviously, still down but I'm encouraged by the progress we've made in the midrange. I think I made reference in our talking points about PowerStore is now up 4 times what it was in Q3 and Q4. 20% of the customers are new storage buyers. Our win rate against the competition is up or tripled, or up 3 times, if you will. And I think that bodes well given the progress we've made over the last three years in consolidating the high end of the storage marketplace where we've aggregated our share position by over 1,300 basis points, to over 50% of the market in the high end. Now with the momentum we have in the midrange, the opportunity is to grow the sub-$250,000 segment the midrange and that's what we eye. How to call that? Tom can weigh in here in a moment. We both again spend a lot of time -- I don't know which is probably -- you've seen some of the prudent outlook that we have for the year of when that comes back in our business.
Tom Sweet: No, I would just say, Jeff, I would agree with that Katie. I mean it's just a -- trying to figure out the timing I think is what we've been focused on and it's a little unclear now. We clearly think the back half is better than the first half.
Jeff Clarke: Correct.
Tom Sweet: In terms of ISG velocity, just a question of that sequencing and the timing. So we're obviously going to be focused on it. And I think you've seen our history and our execution where we will drive where there's growth and take advantage of the market opportunities but it's still a little bit unclear in terms of sequencing there.
Jeff Clarke: All right. Awesome. Thanks Tom. Katy, Thanks. Katherine, if you take the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays.
Peter Zdebski: Hi. This is Peter Zdebski on for Tim. Congratulations on the quarter. I wonder if you could drill down a bit on the gross margin outlook into fiscal 2022, specifically as related to component costs and any supply chain considerations there.
Rob Williams: Yeah. Hey, let me start and then Jeff you should take the supply chain and component cost. So, look, I think as we think about margin -- and I'm not going to go to gross margin. Let me just sort of think tell you about how we think about the bottom of the P&L, so to speak. Look, there'll be some mix dynamics as we work our way through the year in terms of the CSG ISG businesses. We also -- let me remind you that we've also added, we are adding OpEx back into the business this year as we think about the some of the employee benefits that we've reinstated like 401(k) match and some of the merit cycle. VMware is also investing in their business. And so they've got a heavier -- a bit more OpEx into the business. So net-net, I would tell you that we do think there's a -- if we think about operating margin we do think on a percentage basis that it is -- it probably run slightly lower than it did this year. And the absolute dollars are probably down slightly as well. So those are the things that we're working our way through. Now, look I mean, I think the reality is, is that we'll have to work our way through the year in component costs which Jeff can highlight, it's going to be a dynamic that we're going to have to work through as well. 
Jeff Clarke: Yes. I have to weigh on the supply chain and commodity cost dynamics. Clearly, in 2020 we ended the year as a deflationary year. Our view right now as we look at 2021 Q1 is light deflationary. And then we believe over the year, it becomes inflationary. What's driving that? We see in Q1 SSDs continue to be coming down in costs offset, if you will by increased cost what we see in LCDs and ICs that are driving some of the demand supply shortages that we have in the marketplace today. If I was to call out one specific thing, which we're keeping our eye on is freight costs. Freight costs continue to be a challenge for us. So that's not exactly component or commodity cost that part of our supply chain transformation. And while rates have, I think eased a little bit, the fact is the industry is using and we are using more air, we're expediting more and the air network is tight. So we continue to watch the cost increase overall in that area, as well as steering into an overall inflationary year in calendar 2021 but to be specific deflationary in calendar Q1 -- fiscal Q1, excuse me.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Jeff. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. Tom you commented about full year 2022 guidance being in the low to mid-single digits, but I think at spot rates currency will probably help almost two points. Maybe you can confirm that and you also talked about IDC and Gartner end markets growing at 5%. So putting those altogether would be that you're kind of assuming share loss in 2022. And I'm wondering, if you can reconcile that. And maybe more specifically I think there's always a lot of interest from investors about ISG that's been the one business that has been up and down over the last four years. I think, it's been down three in the last four. Do you believe that servers and networking and storage can grow at constant currency in fiscal 2022 and is that -- is that sort of embedded in your guidance? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Hey, Toni, so let me try and connect the dots with those multiple data points that you threw out. So look I think as our view right now is we think our way through fiscal 2022 and let me start with the fact that, well there are signs of optimism or in terms of ISG demand. We do -- we are being prudent in my opinion on when does that sequence in. So we'll take advantage of the growth opportunities that are there as they present themselves. I think from a revenue framework I would have you think about our range of thinking right now is roughly in that 3% to 5% from a revenue growth range with what we know today. Obviously, we'll continue to watch this and take advantage of the opportunities and continue to provide you our perspective as we think our way as we go through the year. On a currency basis, I'll ask Tyler to jump in as well. Look, we do expect to get a bit of a tailwind from currency. I won't comment on the spot rate that you made. 
Tyler Johnson: I guess it's fair. 
Jeff Clarke: I think that's -- I think currency should be a benefit with what we know today. So Tyler would you add anything on that?
Tyler Johnson: Yes. No, look I mean, I think definitely we're seeing favorability there, and we'll see what happens over the course of the year. But I agree I think we should see some favorability. 
Rob Williams: All right. Good. Thanks, Toni. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to see if you could maybe discuss the impact of the semiconductor supply constraints what you're doing to address, what we've heard across the board in terms of shortages? And if you can quantify if there was a revenue impact in the current quarter and in the April quarter what you expect as a constraint from just supply chain shortages of semiconductors? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Sure. I'm not sure, Simon. I know exactly what you're hearing, but I'll at least illustrate what we're working through, being clearly we've been maneuvering across our supply base for now the better part of 2.5 years there are shortages most notably for the past couple of years with microprocessors. I think we made mention of it at the end of last quarter, the notion of that's now impacting things like LCDs. At the core of the issue is wafer capacity is tax. There's been a number of substrate issues that have disrupted the supply that is impacted particularly the 8-inch network. The 8-inch network makes a lot of the basic components that we all need in the industry from T-com, the driver ICs to power ICs to microcontrollers, card readers, Codex you name it. Those are the types of issues we are working through as an industry. Certainly Dell is working through that. I think we've shown the ability to be resilient and responsive. At this point of pride, we shipped the most PCs, we've ever shipped in Q3. We followed that up in Q4 by shipping the most PCs we've ever shipped in Q4. We had the best quarter in terms of absolute shipments and calendar fee more according to IDC. We just came off 50 million units of PC shipments in the calendar year. This is what we do for a living. This is -- there are challenges. I'm certainly not in denial about that. If you look at the forecast that came out from IDC last night, there's certainly a lot of demand. And we have challenges to make sure that we get the supply for our companies. Again, it's totally new. We think our total buy helps us here. We think our long-term relationship with our supply base helps us here. We think our direct model helps us here by shifting demand to the components that we do get but if you are hearing that there are supply shortages you are hearing correctly. I hope it's across the areas that I described. And that's what we see and we're navigating real-time today. I hope that helps Simon.
Simon Leopold: It does. Just to clarify not an issue you're seeing affect your April quarter? 
Rob Williams: Hey, Simon we're just going to go one question. You can jump back into the queue and follow-up if you'd like to. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the good results in delevering. Jeff I had a question on the storage front. You folks have done a great job in consolidating the storage product portfolio over the last couple of years. And we highlighted some share gains a few quarters ago. How should we think of that momentum going into FY 2022? And where is your storage market share today?
Jeff Clarke: Lots of questions. Let me see if I can work through that. So we've largely spent the last three years simplifying and consolidating the portfolio into the power portfolio that you would know them as PowerMax, PowerStore, PowerVault, PowerScale is the primary storage of vehicles. That's gone from I think I've quoted in the past of 88 different platforms, consolidating that to roughly 20 across our portfolio. We've seen tremendous progress in consolidation in the above $250,000 product space over the last three years. I think I mentioned we've taken 1,300 basis points of share have over 50% of the most valuable storage market. The challenges that we had which we've talked about and numerous of these calls is midrange, which is the largest single portion of the marketplace and PowerStore is the vehicle that we built. We launched in May and have been ramping through the year to begin to change our growth trajectory in that business. I'm pleased to say mid-range grew 8% in fiscal Q4. Again the first time we've grown midrange in nine quarters. It's all on the back of PowerStore. The product is being received well by our customers. Again, over Q3, we grew four times. We tripled the amount of competitive takeouts. 20% of the customers are new to the -- or excuse me we doubled the amount of new customers, 20% of the customers are new to our storage business just for PowerStore alone. It is clearly the vehicle that we intend to take share with in fiscal 2022 calendar 2021. I like the progress we've made, but we have work to do in front of us. Tom and I have talked about our, I guess, strategic impatience if we want more faster. We like how we've ended the year. We exit on a high note and we have a big set of ambitions about taking share in the mid-range and storage for PowerStore. Given the progress that we've made and unstructured, the progress we've made in the high end this is the space for us to absolutely capture needed market share we intend to do so. Your last question what's -- what's our market share? If memory serves me right it's right at 28% from the last reported quarter from IDC, which was Q3. I believe -- if I'm off by a couple of 10ths, I'm in the--
Tyler Johnson: 29?
Jeff Clarke: Excuse me, I was wrong? 29. That's more than -- don't like to be off that much. Thank you, Rob. I appreciate 29.
Krish Sankar: Thank you, Jeff.
Rob Williams: I rounded off
Jeff Clarke: You round it up on…
Rob Williams: Rounded up to 20 basis points. 
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Chris. Appreciate that. Nice question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. 
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Last year about 12 months ago you had expected fiscal 2021 to look like fiscal 2019 from an op margin rate perspective instead it turned out to be quite different for obvious reasons. As we look at fiscal 2022, maybe can you draw a similar comparison looking back at prior years whether it's fiscal 2019, 2020 or 2021 and talk about how we should think about the profile of fiscal 2022? And if you can comment on order visibility trends relative to three months ago that would be helpful too? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Wamsi, it's Tom. So let me try and, sort of, give you some context around it. As obviously, FY 2021 had a number of twist and turns in with the -- the pandemic and the extraordinary growth in the CSG business and the work-from-home environment along with the, sort of, the supply/demand dynamic pricing has -- in FY 2021 was relatively stable which helped us from a margin perspective. I think a couple of things to think about as we step into 2022 -- and as it relates to, sort of, op margin. We do expect op margin to go down in 2022 for a couple of reasons; one think about the VMware standalone guidance first and foremost where their operating margin guidance is down. Secondly, we have incremental OpEx going into the business both from an employee benefit perspective as reinstates and benefits as well as some investments. So we do think from an operating margin percentage that it will be less than -- than FY 2021. If you go back to an FY 2020 context, for instance, I do expect that it will be lower than the FY 2020 operating margin. So I do think you got to take that into account, but principally you got to think about the VMware dynamic within our consolidation. So -- and from that perspective, I think that that's something you should be thinking about. So, I think, overall we'll work our way through the year and take advantage of the growth vectors that are there, but we'll have to work -- there will be some challenges as we work our way through the year as usual. 
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, Wamsi.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore. 
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess my question really going back to the free cash flow discussion. Really impressive free cash flow generation this quarter, I think, you're back within your target leverage you've talked about. So, I guess, I'm trying to understand how should we think about fiscal 2022 free cash flow what are kind of the puts and takes for consider? And then do we expect to shift your capital allocation given all your macro commentary and the fact that leverage was in the target range now? 
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey, Amit. Look, I think, we don't give a cash flow forecast per se. So, I mean, our cash flow generation will be to some extent depending upon how the business performance drives, right? But look I think, we're optimistic about our cash flow and our -- the business overall as we work our way through the year and the cash flow generation as a result of that. Our capital allocation policy is going to remain fairly stable in the context of focused on delevering. We've been pretty consistent on that and what we have talked about is the fact that as we get to and achieve investment grade then that allows us to rethink or relook at the capital allocation policy and broaden it out as we've talked about before in terms of how much of our capital do we want to vote to debt repayment versus some type of a shareholder return program as well as continuing to invest in the business. So, Tyler I don't know what you would add if you would add anything on FY 2022 free cash flow. So, that's how I'm thinking about it.
Tyler Johnson: Yes, I mean look I think I mentioned it earlier just from a working capital perspective we're not expecting any huge shifts in our CCC metrics and there's nothing unusual. So, Tom is right. I mean it will follow the shape of the P&L, but obviously, we feel comfortable with the $5 billion plus debt pay-down target that we're throwing out there. We've got cash on the balance sheet. We'll generate good cash flow. And conversations with the rating issues are all very positive. I mean I think quite frankly my guess is it with all three of them our performance for the quarter and for the year better than what they had modeled. I think that we'll see what happens going forward for the year. We'll see what happens with VMware. Obviously, they're watching that closely and that goes into their modeling and their expectations but we've got a little bit of work to do. We're at 2.5 using our metrics and I think we want to get closer to 2, right? Where I think we're probably over half a turn inside of where S&P wants to see us. There are three crossovers. So we're probably sub-2.5 now. We're 2.5 with our metrics. We'll get Fitch and Moody's there and we'll get to S&P.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks Amit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research. 
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I was curious given this is about the time when you look at your comp plans and maybe your channel strategy. What you're focused on for the coming year? And what kind of changes you've made to both our channel strategy as well as your comp plans? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Hey Shannon, it's Tom and then Jeff can jump in here as well. We haven't made significant change to our comp plans our channel strategy. We continue to refine them focused on incentivizing the behaviors we want around driving our higher-value products and services and capabilities and making sure that our programs both from an inside seller and Dell and team member compensation framework and our channel frameworks are consistent. So, not a lot of change to be honest right? We've adjusted certain payout structures based upon focus and emphasis which you might imagine we continue to be focused on the ISG portfolio to a heavy extent. We continue to be focused on the our solution capabilities with VMware and we're incentivizing those appropriately. Jeff I don't know if you'd add anything to that? 
Jeff Clarke: I'd just be real precise storage and the solutions with VMware those high-value solutions between the two companies that help our company -- help our customers with digital transformation. And Shannon you've heard me say this before storage, storage, storage. 
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: All right. Thanks Shannon.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. 
Jim Suva: Thank you very much for fitting me in. Tom, you gave some really good commentaries on overall in your different business segments. I'd just like to ask one follow-up question on the storage business. You talked about how you've done a lot of consolidating of your products and you feel like your portfolio is in really good shape. If we compare though your recent results to say NetApp and some of the other ones that just recently came out though your year-over-year sales decline is still lagging the others. So, can you help me bridge the difference between your comments of the portfolio realignment and where you're positioning with the midrange or is it simply a lot of that positioning is yet to come in the future? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Well, I think Jim part of the answer lies in to we have a very large broad diverse portfolio playing in all aspects of the storage marketplace. All hot all of them grow at a similar rate. For example I mentioned about the progress we've made in the highest. We've made tremendous progress in the high end. The high end of the marketplace I think will show that it slowed down quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Our exposure to that as I mentioned was half of the marketplace or half of the share is Dell share that slows down that has an impact. Conversely, the area that is growing for us now is on the HCI side and the mid-range side. We've had continued success with HCI and that continues to this day and optimistic about that going forward. We've talked on this call about the challenges that we've had in the mid-range. One data point does not make a trend, but we're encouraged that we had exited Q4, the fiscal year with positive momentum in our mid-range business. We have a lot of work to do there. We're optimistic. We think our product continues to hunt in the marketplace. It's doing very well and I point to the things that keep us -- get us encouraged. The number of competitive takeouts, I don't know what others said are tripled quarter-over-quarter. The number of new customers on PowerStore double, one in five of the customers are new to the Dell storage business. It's four times larger than it was the previous quarter. We clearly have momentum that we have to build and great momentum we need to build from that into FY 2022. We have large expectations in that area. That's going to be key to our absolute performance. We've made progress and unstructured. So when I look at that, I'm optimistic back to one of the earlier questions I believe it was from Katy. We're looking for the market to continue to rebound or respond and that's how we're looking at share and our business performance over the year. Look I'd ask you to go look at what product performance was and some of those results as well versus what our product performance was in the quarter and make those comparisons. That said, we're not satisfied with where we ended in Q4 and the year. It improved over Q3 and we have greater expectations in FY 2022. And back to the point I made in one of the earlier questions, we run these businesses to outperform the marketplaces. We expect to take commercial PC share. We expect to take the server share and we're going to run the business to take storage share in calendar 2021 fiscal 2022.
Tyler Johnson: Jeff, if the last two questions didn't qualify where your focus was. I don't know how we could do there. So I appreciate that. Thanks everyone for joining us. We'll be with Stanley next week with Jeff. We've got another -- a number of other virtual events that we'll be hosting or participating in and mark your calendars for Dell World -- Dell Technologies World on May the 5th and 6th, we will host a Financial Analyst Q&A event of course virtually at that. So thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2020-11-24 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2021 Third Quarter Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Erica and thanks, everyone for joining us. With me today are our Vice Chairman and COO, Jeff Clarke, our CFO, Tom Sweet along with our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. Our press release, financial tables, web deck, prepared remarks and additional materials are available on our IR website. The guidance section will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless we otherwise indicate, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified and that VMware historical segment results have been recast to include Pivotal results. Additionally, I’d like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements, based on current expectations. Actual results and events can differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Finally, before I turn it over to Jeff, I want to touch on the amended 13D we filed in July regarding our exploration of potential alternatives with respect to our ownership interest in VMware. We believe a tax-free spin could drive significant shareholder value by simplifying our capital structures and enabling greater strategic flexibility, while maintaining a strong commercial partnership between Dell and VMware. Both Dell and VMware have publicly highlighted mutual interest and the potential benefits of such a transaction and have engaged on key work streams including mutually beneficial commercial arrangements and Dell's expectation of a substantial cash dividend to VMware stockholders in connection with such a transaction. As a reminder, the earliest a transaction could close would be September 2021 with an announcement coming between now and then assuming we can come to an agreement. There is also the possibility that we will not do anything and we would maintain our current ownership structure. With that said, we will not address the discussions any further or take questions related to this topic on today's call. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks Rob. We have now been through three quarters of navigating an uncertain and at times, difficult year. We have been tested across our global society, across industries and companies, as teams and as individuals like never before. I could not be prouder of how the Dell Technologies team has responded. We’re growing, innovating and delivering for our customers in extraordinary ways, when and how they need us most. Through it all, one thing is clear, the mega technology trends that we have long called out are accelerating, and these trends are highly favorable to Dell Technologies. We are uniquely positioned to win in the growing markets of 2020, and we are making the right investments and innovating to capture the growing markets of tomorrow. For the vast majority of companies, digital transformation is now a must-have and accelerating. We see it in our customers’ interactions. We see it in our data. In October, we released the third installment of our latest digital transformation index, where we have been tracking digital transformation patterns of more than 4,000 customers since 2016. Our 2020 index revealed that 80% of organizations globally have fast-tracked digital transformation programs. And when compared to the 2018 study, nearly 25% of respondents have progressed from being digital laggards or followers to a more advanced stage in their digital journey. This is great news for our customers’ future and more broadly for the global economy. And it’s also great news for us with major investments going towards edge, distributed work and modern consumption, cybersecurity, 5G infrastructure, digital experiences and data management. Together, these trends are taking us to a future that is highly distributed with distributed workforce, learning and healthcare, enabled by distributed technology infrastructure, computing, analytics and real-time outcomes at the edge. Organizations investing today will have an advantage tomorrow. And they are turning to Dell Technologies as their strategic partner. Let me use a real customer example to talk about the edge. FedEx CIO, Rob Carter, was with me last month at Dell Technologies World, where we talked about how latency, decentralized computing and data-driven insights they need to lead in the Internet of Everything. FedEx uses an array of our hybrid cloud technology to bring simplicity and speed to the edge, including VxRail, VMware and Pivotal in cloud-native environments, all to keep our world connected and moving. Now, we are building on that relationship, working with FedEx and Switch, a leading exascale data center company, to develop technology hubs across the United States to bring IT resources closer to where the applications and data reside, enabling the benefits of 5G and AI technologies. This is a perfect example of how we take our deep IT experience and make it easy for customers to manage data and workloads across all of their operations. We also had another exceptional quarter in CSG, and what has become a multi-quarter trend as customers turn to Dell to enable the remote and hybrid workforce. Our wide range of PCs including Chromebooks, are providing students everywhere with the essential learning tool they need. The pandemic has expanded consumers’ use of online purchasing, which is a big area of focus for us. While we did lose share in calendar Q3, this is a result of strategic decisions we made earlier in the year. We’ve moved from retail to our advantage, direct and online selling for consumers. Our strong financial performance reinforces that strategic decision, and we believe this is the right long-term balance for our business. And finally, customers are looking for a choice in the way they consume and pay for IT. That’s why at Dell Technologies World we announced Project APEX to unify our as-a-Service and cloud capabilities. We have committed to providing all of our solutions as-a-Service, and launched the Dell Technologies Cloud Console enabling a consistent cloud operating model across a customer’s entire IT environment from the edge to core to cloud. In the past year, we've seen increased interest in our as-a-service and flexible consumption offerings, and this type of transformation expands recurring revenue, providing even more stability as we navigate industry seasonality, mix and demand. The accelerated digital transformation we are experiencing today plays directly to the thesis we had in creating Dell Technologies. We are number one in everything all in one place. We have the breadth and diversity to lean into pockets of growth when and where they happen, and we can deliver consistent long-term returns as a result. Now let’s move into the third quarter performance and the team's strong execution. Revenue was $23.5 billion, up 3% and operating income was up 12% to $2.7 billion, or 11.6% of revenue. As I mentioned earlier, our Client Solutions Group had an outstanding quarter, delivering record shipments, revenue and operating income. Revenue for Q3 was $12.3 billion, up 8%. The PC is the essential device for this remote everything environment we're living in today as evidenced by the ongoing demand we are seeing for work and learn from home solutions along with double-digit growth in education, government, particularly in our North America Federal business and the consumer vertical. Demand for notebooks remained strong with orders up 24%, driven by double-digit orders growth across the majority of our commercial and consumer notebook lines. In addition, orders for commercial Chromebooks more than doubled. Our Consumer business had another impressive quarter driven primarily by our premium XPS and Alienware brands, which combined were up 43% on an orders basis. The consumer direct business was up 47% on orders and our consumer direct online business was up 62% based on orders as we seized the opportunity what we believe is a long-term multi-year trend towards e-commerce. Infrastructure Solutions Group revenue was $8 billion, down 4%, while the overall market for ISG has been soft this year, we are seeing improvement. Server demand improved and PowerEdge orders were up single-digits sequentially. Large enterprise remain challenged, but we saw better velocity from our small business and medium business customers. Storage demand was mixed, we were pleased with our relative performance given current market dynamics. Bright spots included PowerMax and hyperconverged infrastructure, each growing double-digits in the third quarter on an orders basis. PowerStore is gaining traction. We delivered nearly double the orders revenue achieved in the second quarter, albeit on a small base, we are still early in the ramp. We're pleased with PowerStore progress and are seeing early wins as customers transition from existing Unity, SC, VNX, Equallogic and XtremIO products. And more than 15% of the PowerStore customers are new storage buyers. We feel great about the future of PowerStore and our storage leadership. Our VMware business segment had another strong quarter, delivering revenue of $2.9 billion, up 8%. The VMware partnership and teaming remains strong and our cloud capabilities continue to build. Year-to-date performance has been amazingly consistent in the light of what has turned out to be an incredibly challenging macro environment. We have delivered $68.2 billion of revenue, flat year-on-year, as we executed against growth opportunities, and we delivered $7.5 billion of operating income and $8.9 billion of adjusted EBITDA. In the first quarter, we saw dramatic surge from large enterprises, healthcare and the financial sector for work from home and business continuity solutions. This drove strong growth in our commercial client and with our VMware solutions. Toward the end of that quarter, we started to see signs of slowdown in small and medium businesses. Then in Q2, demand shifted to government, education and consumer as remote work continued and learn from home needs soared. Similar to GDP and given our third quarter results, our second quarter appears to be a trough for the year. In Q3, strength in government, education and consumer continued, and it was encouraging to see double-digit orders growth from our small and medium business customers given the number of jobs this sector creates around the world. And though some companies have moved to the public cloud for certain workloads or immediate business continuity needs, hybrid cloud momentum is building as the longer-term. A new operating model where workloads will be distributed between public and private clouds, traditional data centers and increasingly out to the edge. Like Australia's largest retailer Woolworths, where we recently announced a deal to enable their hybrid cloud strategy by bringing together their public and private clouds onto a single platform, utilizing as-a-Service with Dell Technologies on demand. With our hybrid cloud capabilities, the depth and breadth of our portfolio, industry-leading global supply chain, go-to-market and services reach, we have significant competitive advantages to be the partner of choice. Put it all together and you get a track record of consistent execution, profitable growth, disciplined share gains, innovation and financial returns, regardless of the environment. Looking ahead, I see an extraordinary opportunity as technology continues to drive our society forward and Dell Technologies fulfills its role as the essential technology company for the data era. And with 5G, data driven insights, automation and embedded intelligence, we will see an explosion of edge computing in smart cities and transportation, factories, hospitals and schools around the world. We know how to get technology into the real world at scale, providing a consistent approach to infrastructure, data, applications and security across the entire environment from multiple clouds to the edge. What the last nine months have shown is that Dell Technologies is resilient, ready to meet the needs of customers today and for what's to come. According to IDC, the expected compound annual growth rate for IT excluding telco through 2024 is 4.7%. It’s clear, the digital future is bright and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. Now, I'll turn it over to Tom for a look at the financials.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Overall, we have executed well this year, navigating through an uncertain macro environment. We've delivered stable and differentiated performance by leveraging our diversified IT platform and leaning into the current growth opportunities in a disciplined way. And, we're driving value by expanding profitability faster than revenue and generating strong cash flow, which has enabled significant debt pay-down. For the third quarter, revenue was better than expected and above our typical seasonality at $23.5 billion, up 3% both year-over-year and sequentially. FX this quarter did not have a meaningful impact on our financial results, also a reminder that we completed the sale of RSA in early September. Gross margin was $7.8 billion or 33% of revenue. Gross margin dollars were flat, which I believe is a good result given the demand that we've seen from education, government and consumer customers typically tends to deliver less margin dollars. Operating expense was $5 billion, up slightly by 1% sequentially, and better than expected as we continued to benefit from the cost containment actions we instituted earlier this year. Operating income was up 12% to $2.7 billion, or 11.6% of revenue driven primarily by our ongoing operating expense controls and strong profitability in CSG. Consolidated net income was $1.7 billion, up 18%, and EPS was $2.03 a share up 16%. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.2 billion, up 13% at 13.7% of revenue. For the trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA was $12.1 billion. Total deferred revenue was $28.7 billion, up 11% year-over-year. Our recurring revenue, which includes deferred revenue amortization, utility and as-a-Service models, is now approximately $6 billion a quarter, up 13%. As announced at Dell Technologies World, we will broaden our as-a-Service solutions for our customers across our entire portfolio over the next year, giving them more flexibility to scale their IT to meet their business needs and budgets. We’re seeing adoption of our portfolio delivered as-a-Service through flexible consumption solutions and expect this to continue to grow over time. Turning to the business units, our Client Solutions Group results were above our expectations driven by ongoing strong demand for work and learn from home solutions, along with gaming systems. CSG revenue was a record $12.3 billion, up 8% as we delivered record shipments in the quarter. Commercial revenue was up 5% to $8.8 billion as we saw strong growth in Latitude and Precision notebooks and Commercial Chromebooks. Not surprisingly given the remote nature of this year’s working and learning environment, we continue to see reduced demand in commercial desktops. Consumer revenue was $3.5 billion, up 14%, driven by strong growth across all of our consumer notebooks and gaming systems. Our premium consumer products XPS and Alienware combined saw strong double-digit revenue growth for both notebooks and desktops. CSG operating income was also a record at $1 billion, up 36% and 8.2% of revenue. The strong profitability was driven by our record shipments, product mix and our operating expense discipline. This has been a great year for our client solutions business and it’s clear that the PC is still the platform of choice. The revenue stability of this business has been beneficial and it has consistently generated strong cash flow that has enabled us to weather different cycles and demand fluctuations. Over the past five fiscal years, CSG revenue has grown at a 3% CAGR, while the CAGR for operating income was nearly triple that rate. ISG revenue was $8 billion, down 4%. Though disappointed in the decline, the overall server and storage market has been softer than we expected coming into this year. Given the dynamics in the macro environment, we executed against the growth opportunities within these markets while delivering solid profitability. Storage revenue was $3.9 billion, down 7%. PowerMax and HCI, specifically VxRail were highlights as both were up double-digits based on orders. We continued to see softness in other areas of core storage, including midrange. As Jeff described, PowerStore is trending in the right direction and we expect it to ramp through the rest of this year and into fiscal year 2022. Servers and networking revenue was $4.2 billion, down 2%. Overall, server demand was softer than expected, but we did see improvement in orders with our mainstream servers growing sequentially. We also saw improved transactional demand for our mainstream servers as we moved through the quarter. We continue to look for balanced growth, being disciplined and selectively leaning into opportunities that make economic sense. For instance, our high-value servers built for artificial intelligence and machine learning workloads had another quarter of positive growth, with orders up mid single digits and is a growing piece of our server revenue mix. ISG operating income was $882 million or 11% of revenue, which was down 90 basis points as higher component costs for servers and networking, and product mix more than offset lower operating expense. The VMware business unit had another strong quarter, delivering revenue of $2.9 billion, up 8%, and operating income of $837 million, or 28.9% of revenue. Based on VMware's stand-alone results, Subscription and Software-as-a-Service revenue grew 44%. The business saw better than expected growth in the VMware Cloud Provider Program, Modern Applications and VMware Cloud on AWS. VMware Cloud on AWS continued to show great traction in Q3, with triple-digit revenue growth. Dell Financial Services growth continued in the third quarter with originations up 4% to $2.1 billion. DFS ended the quarter with $12.6 billion in total managed assets, up $1.9 billion year-on-year. DFS enables sales, drives profitable growth and retains customers through a number of traditional financing and innovative payment solutions including consumption and as-a-service offerings. Moving to our capital structure and balance sheet, cash flow from operations was quite strong and above typical seasonality at approximately $3 billion, driven by improvement in net income and diligent working capital management. Adjusted free cash flow in Q3 was $2.7 billion, and on a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted free cash flow was $8.8 billion. We ended the quarter with $13 billion of cash and investments. Our liquidity position is strong and we made excellent progress on de-levering. During the third quarter, we paid down approximately $4.6 billion of debt, including $3.1 billion of core debt and $1.5 billion of VMware debt. With the debt payments made in Q3, our total debt balance ended the quarter at $50.4 billion and includes DFS-related debt of $10.1 billion and subsidiary debt of $4.8 billion. Our core debt ended the quarter at $31.4 billion. We are on track to reduce core debt by approximately $5.5 billion in fiscal year 2021 as we expect to pay down at least $2.4 billion in Q4. With our continued debt pay-down and strong profitability, our core leverage is now below three times and at the top-end of our target core leverage range of two times to three times. Recognizing leverage is only one metric used by the rating agencies, based on our calculations, we believe this puts us inside the current investment grade target range for S&P. We are pleased with the progress we made against our delevering plan and debt paydown will continue to be our capital allocation priority as we work toward investment grade metrics. Moving now to our outlook for the fourth quarter. Though the latest global GDP and industry data for infrastructure demand indicate gradual improvement into the next year, there continues to be a high degree of uncertainty as COVID-19 infections increase globally and some geographies have implemented new restrictions. Given the macro backdrop and the trends that we’ve seen in our business, we expect Q4 revenue to be up 3% to 4% sequentially, which is slightly below typical seasonality of 5% to 6% sequentially. We expect strong CSG results with revenue expected to be slightly above normal seasonality of plus 2% to 3% sequentially. For ISG, we expect revenue to track slightly lower than last year’s 4% sequential growth based on the continued softness in data center spending. From an operating income standpoint, we expect CSG margins to remain strong and above historical averages, but lower sequentially due to a higher mix of consumer PCs and Commercial Chromebooks along with holiday promotions. We are a bit more cautious on ISG margin dollars, given the uncertainty in the macro, while VMware should benefit from typical seasonality in Q4. Taking all of this into account, we expect consolidated operating margin dollars to be slightly higher versus Q3. Our breadth and diversity of portfolio has driven stability in our performance through the year and we continue to adjust to opportunities we see in the business. Given the aforementioned risk, we believe it is still too early to talk about next year. That said, looking at current global GDP and IDC forecast, we are cautiously optimistic about the potential for recovery post pandemic related pressures. GDP expectations and IT spend, ex-telco, estimates from both IDC and Gartner see 4% to 5% growth in 2021. We hope to have a better perspective on the global economy in our outlook after we close the current fiscal year. In closing, we have a history of navigating through challenging environments, and this year has been a great example of our strong operating heritage. The steady execution in our core businesses and the ability to leverage our broad portfolio have enabled stability and generated strong cash flow through these uncertain times. The teams are executing our strategy and we’re managing the business for long term consistent growth. We’re using our unique strengths to win in the consolidation of the markets in which we compete, running the business to outgrow the industry, and we’re creating differentiated Dell Technologies solutions through innovation and integration across the entire family. This year has also been a good example of maximizing value creation for all our shareholders. We’ve outgrown our competitors, grown profitability faster than revenue, and generated strong cash flow. We’ve made good progress on our delevering goal and are committed to getting back to investment grade. And we’ve taken the appropriate corporate structure steps as evidenced by the ongoing simplification of operations, the divestiture of RSA, and the exploration of a potential tax free spin of VMware. We’re focused on what we can control and leaning into the areas of growth, which will continue to be the way we navigate through any environment or cycle. With that, I’ll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Erica, can you please introduce the first question.
Operator: Your first question is from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. I’m wondering if you can comment a little bit about the forces at work on margins in both your PC and your enterprise business. So, specifically, how much is sort of cyclically lower OpEx spending, things like less travel, less promotion helping both sides of the business? Secondly, what are you seeing on components? DRAM is essential to both, yet, we’re seeing record margins in PCs and we’re not really – we’re seeing kind of weak margins in enterprise. And then thirdly, what are you seeing in the pricing and competitive environment? Should we be reading into the weak margins and the sequential deterioration in margins in enterprise being a function of incremental price competition, given continued softness in the market? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Toni, it’s Tom. Let me start and then Jeff can jump in here as well. So, look, as we think about sort of the margin dynamics – the operating margin dynamics across the various segments of the business, I’d characterize it like this. Obviously, the cost constraint actions that we did earlier in the year have been helpful from a – from an operating margin perspective. I would remind everybody that those were put in at the time when there was significant uncertainty on the COVID impact and obviously we’re still not through the navigation of that, but we will think our way through, how do we think about the long term sustainability or lack thereof of some of those OpEx actions as we get into next year. But as we think about PCs, for instance, right, that clearly component costs have – were inflationary for most of the year. The dynamic, though, Toni, has been that component – some of the parts shortage and parts dynamics have, I would say, prevented a bit of or sort of encouraged rational pricing in the PC space. And so when some of the – for instance, screens are in short supply, you don’t need extraordinarily aggressive pricing, it’s still price competitive, but not as competitive. And then on the enterprise mix or enterprise side of the house, clearly data center has been softer this year. And as a result of that, we have seen – and we’ve talked about it in the past calls, pricing pressure, particularly on the large bid business, generally in the computer server space. Storage is a little less sensitive to the pricing just given the IT that’s embedded and the solution capabilities. But net-net it’s – those are the dynamics that we’ve been navigating our way through. And maybe, Jeff, you can jump in and add some color if you’d like.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let me start with component pricing, Toni, it might be helpful. So we look at Q3, Q3 from our perspective was slightly inflationary as Tom mentioned, driven by DRAM, NAND and LCDs, our structural commodity category. As we look into Q4, it flips to be slightly deflationary, driven by DRAM and NAND, offset by the shortages the industry is encountering around LCDs. So I think that’s the kind of component-driven cost environment. There are a couple of sub-categories that are, I think, important for you to think about. One would be LCDs and then particularly the components that go into the LCDs, most notably T-CONs and drivers, ICs. Those are in short supply driving up the cost of LCDs. And then likely, there is going to be challenges in the freight network towards the very end of the year as airplanes get filled up with vaccines and are all competing for a limited amount of space. So that’s how we look at the cost environment. Tom hit across pricing, if I went by specific product, notebook prices have generally firmed up around the industry. We have the demand supply dynamic that Tom talked about. Desktop pricing is a little more competitive than normal, given that the demand for desktops has fallen considerably over the year. If I were to look at servers, servers we still see the aggressiveness in the very big deals. Although as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, there is less of those and we mentioned that in Q2 as well, but nothing out of the ordinary beyond that in the big deals in servers. And the same is true in storage. We’re not seeing anything out of the ordinary. Obviously, when we’re doing competitive swaps, those bids are fairly aggressive. Our discounting has been stable. We’ve not seen any major price move in the industry since July. So that’s – in detail, how we look at the pricing environment that we’re operating in today. I hope that was helpful.
Toni Sacconaghi: That was all helpful. If you could just comment on the cyclical OpEx reduction because of travel, et cetera, and does that become a headwind at some point.
Tom Sweet: Yes, hey, Toni, it’s Tom. Look, I mean, as I mentioned, we did do a number of cost containment actions. And as we think our way through next year, as we build the AOP, our operating plan for next year, obviously there is a number of those cost containment actions that are not going to be sustainable long-term. So we are going to have to work our way through, how do we reset or rethink some of the OpEx framework. But that’s no – we’re always having to do a bit of that and so we’ll have to work our way through the P&L framework for next year to make sure everything holds together the way we want it to, but we’ll have to address it.
Jeff Clarke: We recognize some of the cost moves we made this year are not sustainable as we head into next year’s plan.
Toni Sacconaghi: Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Toni.
Operator: Your next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Jeff or Tom, can you talk about the enterprise spend outlook? And Jeff, you opened the call talking about digital transformation and sort of this hybrid cloud transition, over time how that should help. Why is that not creating a better uplift in server revenues? If you could just talk about, is ISG potentially on a trajectory of growth as we look into the next fiscal year. And I have a quick follow-up.
Jeff Clarke: Of course, Wamsi, I’ll take a swing at it and Tom, I’m sure, will come over the top, and we step back and kind of look at this in the macro. FY2019 for us was an extraordinary enterprise year, specifically for servers. FY2020 was a year for digestion. And quite honestly, a year ago when we were planning the business for FY2021, we thought there was a modest growth opportunity. Pandemic hits, we see companies respond to the pandemic by really pushing their budgets towards three specific areas: work-from-home; business continuity, and strategic digital transformation activities. Broad-based enterprise deployment or buys have been slowed, as we’ve mentioned over the previous calls and we mentioned in our remarks. So if I start there that the pandemic has really changed the profile this year and really slowed down investments and those budgets are under pressure and those budgets are increasingly or have been increasingly been used over the year for things that certainly weren’t contemplated. A work-from-home environment, where large percentages of company’s workforces still remain at home, and that’s where the investments have gone. If you look at our business, in our remarks, we talked about enterprise continues to be challenged, the very large businesses, the very large bids continues to be a challenged area for us, but we did see signs where our small and medium businesses did grow. We saw sequential improvement in our server business, which we’re encouraged by. We continue to keep the product line fresh, we keep the product line in price position. And probably, maybe to close on it, before I turn it over to Tom. Look, we’re optimistic about what IDC and the other industry pundits talk about for next year. So this year, we are weathering through a server marketplace that’s down 6%, storage marketplace that’s down somewhere in the same ballpark, 7%, if I remember correctly. And we are looking into a calendar year 2021, our fiscal 2022 with servers being up nearly 4% and storage being up nearly 5%. We think if the market responds, companies can no longer defer their investments in infrastructure and that’s the rebound. I hope that helped. Tom?
Tom Sweet: Yes, Jeff, the only thing I would add is obviously part of our thinking around the ISG space is evidenced in our guidance that we just talked about in the sense of, we still expect Q4 to be relatively soft and if you look at on a – from an ISG perspective, if you look at storage, their forecast – IDC is forecasting storage at a minus 6% in Q4 and servers at a minus – roughly at minus 4.5%, mainstream servers that is. And so we do think that we’ve got to work our way through the remainder of the year and then we are cautiously optimistic. Obviously, we’ll have to see how the macro uncertainty plays out, but we do think that an investment cycle sets itself up next year, given some of the indications we’re seeing. And then again the IDC trends over the next three years or so are encouraging, but there is work to do, clearly.
Wamsi Mohan: Well, thanks for that. Jeff, if I could, in the prepared remarks, you guys noted that VMware spend could happen in September 2021, if you came to an agreement. I know you're limited in what you can say around this, but any chance you can comment on the moving pieces that agreement hinges on, in terms of perhaps debt levels or ownership structure or high voting share conversion there? What are the pieces to think about that would make you either reach or not reach an agreement?
Rob Williams: Yes. Hey, Wamsi, it’s Rob. I appreciate the question. We’re going to pass on that. We’re just going to keep the comments specific to what I had in the lead in. So we’ll – If we have an update, we’ll definitely let you know. Thanks. Let’s go to the next question.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Jeff, I was hoping you could talk a bit more on the storage side. I think it was down 7% this quarter, which is the largest decline we’ve seen in the last 2.5 years, I think, and that’s despite PowerStore sounds like it’s doing fairly well. So maybe just reconcile the storage declines versus the new product momentum. And then when I think about this 4% number that you talked about for infrastructure in Jan, how do you – how does that stack up across storage and service?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. I think Tom and I will parse that and I’ll take the first part, talk about storage, what we are seeing, and then maybe a few comments about PowerStore, and then Tom can link that to our guidance and look forward. I mean, clearly we talked in our prepared remarks and you’ll see it in the web deck, our storage business was down 7% for the quarter. We were disappointed with that result. We talked about two areas where we have seen growth, in fact, strong double-digit growth with our PowerMax business and our VxRail business. And then we talked about its inability or it’s implied its inability to offset what’s happening in the mid-range, which is why PowerStore is so important for us, getting our mid-range trajectory on a take-share trajectory, which quite frankly it’s not with our performance. We’re encouraged by the first two quarters of PowerStore. I think I mentioned in my remarks, it was up nearly twice the revenue in Q2 and Q3, 15% of the customers are new storage buyers to the company, and that makes us feel very good that we are on the right trajectory with PowerStore. But remember, it’s on a base of starting literally at zero two quarters ago. It has to build momentum. We expect it to continue to ramp in Q4 and all through next year and that ramp is the key to our success in growing our storage business as we have strong success in the above-$2,050 segments and has actually taken share there.
Tom Sweet: And then, Amit, why don’t I – it’s Tom. Why don’t I just take a – make a comment on your second part of that question, which I think was around the Q4 framework that we laid out with the seasonality that we called out with – for ISG, which we said last year was at a 4%, and we expect it to be slightly lower than that on a sequential basis this year. Look, I think the dynamics are pretty much what I just chatted about, which is we do continue to see softness in the data center space. Typically, Q4 is a larger storage quarter and so we do expect some uplift in storage, although, while we’re slightly cautious about how does data center spending play its way out through Q4. So it makes sense to us, given some of the dynamics that we’re seeing, that – and by the way that our Q3 results for servers were sort of buoyed up by the federal mix in the government space. We won’t have that in Q4. So we’re just slightly cautious about what we see for Q4 ISG spend at this point.
Rob Williams: All right. Appreciate it. Let’s go to the next question.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Yes, thanks for the question. I wanted to start off, Tom, and go back to your comments on investment grade. You said that you’re into that territory now, and I wonder if you could talk about what other pieces of data or evidence you think the rating agencies are waiting for to potentially make a change there. And also if you could give us any kind of an idea on what the next chance for that timing-wise might look like. And then I have a follow-up.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey, Rod, it’s Tom. And then I’ll let Tyler jump in here as well, as he’s on the call. Look, the leverage ratio and we’ve made great progress on core leverage ratio. So as we highlighted – as I highlighted on the prepared remarks, we’re down slightly below the 3x, 3 times adjusted EBITDA sort of leverage ratio, that we have been – that we’ve talked about. Now the leverage ratio is only one element of what the rating agencies look at in terms of the totality of the credit, if you will. So they’re obviously thoughtful about the macro environment, the pandemic. We’ve got some news out there around the potential VMware spin. So I’m assuming they’re also trying to be – trying to sift through what that looks like. So we’re holding regular conversations with them, and we continue to share our perspective. But we recognize that it’s ultimately their call on when they might make that determination. And we’re continued to provide them our point of view and we’ll continue to stay focused on our capital allocation policy, which is centered around debt repayment at this point. Tyler, why don’t you jump in and add some thoughts there if you would, please?
Tyler Johnson: Yes. I mean, look, I think you pretty much well covered it. I mean, we’re happy with where we are. I mean, if you go back and look at where we were really projecting when we were going to cross over, we were thinking it was going to be more of the end of the year, and that was really a pre-COVID projection. So I think the fact that we were able do this in the face of COVID, really speaks highly to the power of cash flow generation the business throws off. Look, I think the rating agencies and specifically S&P, which is the one that gives us credit for cash. And the one that we mentioned in the talking points, they’re going to want to see sustainability, so us staying under their targets for a reasonable period of time. And I think, Tom called out, I think in the face of COVID and also the potential of VMware transaction, that’s something that maybe top of their minds. So great progress, we’ll keep doing what we’re doing and we’ll go from there.
Rod Hall: Okay. Thank you. And then I wanted to – on my follow-up just ask Jeff about the PowerStore range and maybe some of the feature functionality there. Some of your competitors have called out things like clustering, storage efficiency technologies as lacking and needing development. But I know you guys roll this thing out in a containerized sort of solutions that you can rapidly evolve it. I’m just wondering, do you think the ramp in that requires additional feature adds? Or do you think you’ve got everything you need is just more question attraction in the market and maybe COVID slowing it down and so on.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Good question, Rod. Let me try to break that down. So if I think about what COVID slowing it down, I think we last – we talked last call about the things we’re doing to ensure that the products in front of our customers. We’ve clearly made a lot of progress in Q3 in doing that. We put a large number of seat units in front of our largest channel partners across the globe. They are 95% up and running in front of customers at our channel partners. Today, we put an active try-and-buy program in place. We have our team out delivering units to customers. We have an internal team that’s out helping customers ramp their proof-of-concept, all with the desire to help drive assessment in the proof-of-concepts that go along with a new category and a new architecture that we put in the marketplace. We’ve done, for example, 6,000 virtual demos and proof-of-concepts to help our customers through this. So we’re very encouraged by that. So much that it’s ramping. You probably know our product line quite well, XtremIO, the groundbreaking all flash architecture, VxRail groundbreaking HCI architecture. PowerStore at this point in time through its first three quarters is ahead of both of the ramps. So I don’t know what competitors say, I know what customers say. Customers say, we have a very competitive product. We have a product that is meeting their needs. It’s revolutionary. And it is actually a modern storage product. To the point that the number of competitive takeouts we had in Q3 over Q2, nearly doubled. So we like our momentum or in patient we want it to be more, we want to grow faster, but we like what we’ve done. When I look at architectural features, from my seat, it’s the highest performance storage array in its price spans today in the mid range, it has the best data reduction in the marketplace today. It has features that are competitive today with more features coming. The fact that we can run an application on the array makes it a very differentiated architecture. And we're very pleased with its competitiveness, from a feature performance and capability point of view. To the point that is the first modern array in the marketplace. So I like our hand, where you just have to ramp it. Tom and I are impatient with the team. We want to see a more accelerated ramp. But again, it's ramp today as faster than the two groundbreaking – last two groundbreaking architectures in our company, XtremIO and VxRail. So the early signs remain good.
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Erica, next question?
Operator: We will take our next question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good afternoon. Can you just talk about the shape of demand recovery, if any, that you saw in the enterprise and the SMB markets separately during the October quarter, and whether there were any material changes in these trends in the month of November, as some of the countries rolled back their reopening plans?
Tom Sweet: Katy, it's Tom. So look as we think about the ISG space in particular and within the SMB markets, the small and medium business did see improved transactional velocity. As we went through our quarter, it started sort of soft and improved. I don't want to overstate it, because it's still a bit of a tough slog.
Jeff Clarke: Only it's a smaller portion of the business.
Tom Sweet: I mean, yes, but it's a good indication of how we think about transactional velocity in the business. And in that case, what we saw was I think the demand velocity improving as we went through the quarter from something like a minus say, mid-teens type of down to a much better performance as we got through that – through month three of the quarter. Now remember that, I'm not going to comment on November, but which is our Q4 obviously, but we're encouraged by that. But we're also realistic to, as we think our way through how does ISG and infrastructure spending frame out in Q4. And our thinking is reflected in the results that are the guidance that we provided.
Jeff Clarke: I think, Tom, it's spot on – over the quarter, month-over-month, we saw improvement in the absolute demand profile, quite honestly, in both server and storage. The small and medium business comments he made are smart spot on. We saw more code activity in that area. Conversion rates improved a little bit in that area. That's the trend. But again, we see budgets have tightened. They've been really redirected over the year to ensure the workforce is enabled to work from home, and that certainly delayed or push bigger spin projects over the course of the year. And there's no reason to believe that doesn't continue into Q4.
Katy Huberty: Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Of course.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup Investments.
Jim Suva: Thank you. My question is just on shares, like share losses or shared gains. It sounds like your PC segment, you went through a shift to direct, any lost on some share. Are you now at a stabilization point? Or still some more to transition away than on the server side, was it – not server, storage. On the storage side, was it miss execution? Was it not having the right product out at the right time? Was it COVID, because you couldn't reach the end customer seems like on storage, you're really having some challenges there.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think there's certainly the devil's in the detail here. If you look at PC, we'll start there in Q3, we did lose absolute share. The market certainly shifted to consumer and the consumer growth was extraordinary. Our consumer business, if I recall correctly was up 14%, but that was certainly behind the marketplace. And I know I'm making a slight compare between a fiscal quarter and a calendar quarter, but you get the point. Strategically, we have been working particularly with the CPU shortages over the past two-plus years of prioritizing our business with commercial and premium consumer. Both of those businesses continue to respond well, but the commercial marketplace was soft in Q3, and consumer was significantly up in Q3, and our share loss is largely on the consumer side. We did lose some share in timing in the commercial, but it’s largely on the consumer side. We made a strategic shift actually at the end of last year of migrating to our heritage and advantage in the marketplace, which has been reinforced by the buying trends in the pandemic of our online direct business. That’s serving us well. I think I made comments that our online business was up about 62% and our consumer direct business was up 47% if memory serves me right. That’s encouraging. We want to participate in the broad swath of the marketplace for those [Technical Difficulty] only participating in the range and above, we’re not. I think I mentioned our Chromebooks doubled on a year-over-year basis. And we’ll continue to participate and catch up to the marketplace. I think our fiscal results [Technical Difficulty] our calendar share results. Our fiscal results are being 8% revenue growth I think is pretty significantly different than our share results that ended in September. In other words, we had a very big October. We’re encouraged about it. I look at the server side, the server side, we expect to take share. We think we’ve outperformed the market at a minus 2%. I think the market projection for Q3 in servers is minus 5%, minus 4%, something like that, if memory serves me right.
Tom Sweet: It’s minus 5.5%, Jeff, [indiscernible] ex-China.
Jeff Clarke: Exactly. So we’re in a share position there. And then on the storage side, it’s not mis-execution per se, Jim. We’re taking share and consolidating in the high-end. We continue to do that. Our PowerMax product continues to do well. We’re taking share in the hyperconverged or software-defined space. It’s back to the mid-range. Our mid-range is shrinking. I think we’ve mentioned that each of the previous three quarters this year. And it’s why PowerStore is important. PowerStore is the catalyst. I think we’ve said this for the past couple of years in anticipation of the product. It is the catalyst for us to change our share trajectory in the mid-range, which is the single largest segment in storage, that’s why it’s important. That’s why doubling quarter-over-quarter is a good sign. That’s why being ahead of our XtremIO and VxRail ramp is key. And again, we like our hand. We need to continue to ramp it. And we believe we can.
Jim Suva: Thanks so much for the details. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: You’re welcome. 
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks. And I’ll try and stick to just one question. It’s on the storage business. And I guess my question is really simple in that we’ve seen the last couple of quarters, I think, last quarter you talked about triple-digit order growth in PowerStore, this quarter with double-digit. So, I’m just – help us understand how we think about the growth of orders relative to when that kind of orders turns into revenue growth. I’m just trying to understand when maybe we could see that – those businesses start to inflect and appreciating that PowerStore is a big component of that. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, PowerStore would have been a small component in our products last quarter. 
Tom Sweet: Aaron, I – let me just – from a materiality perspective, PowerStore is going to take a while to ramp to the point where it is going to move the needle on a business that’s close to $4 billion on a revenue basis. Right? So it will take a bit of time. That’s why you heard me comment on the fact that we’re optimistic about PowerStore, and we expect it to ramp Q4 on into next year. So when we reference triple-digit or double-digit orders growth, obviously, we’re starting from a base that’s pretty small. And – but clearly, we’re optimistic and we think as we work our way through the year that you’d start to see that inflection point and particularly in the mid-range space. Jeff, let me – I just wanted to set that…
Jeff Clarke: No, I think you summed it up well. And then we continue to focus on our PowerMax performance and growth in the high-end, which we continue to be a consolidator in the high end, the most valuable portion of the storage marketplace. And we continue to see excellent performance there. But as I mentioned in the last question or the question before that, it’s the mid-range and changing that trajectory that’s key, to Tom’s point, we’re impatient, we want to continue to accelerate the ramp of PowerStore because it’s the catalyst to change our share.
Tom Sweet: All right, thanks, Aaron.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll take our final question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I was wondering if you could talk to us about from a macro standpoint, how you’re thinking about the PC industry and we heard it from your competitor tonight, they’re talking about one computer per person. I would assume; at some point, we’re going to start seeing – lapping the initial Win 10 computers that were put out there. So, how are you kind of thinking about where this industry is going and the sustainability, because it feels like we keep getting to the point, where investors will say, we’re worried PCs are going to fall off a cliff in the next couple of quarters and then obviously the pandemic and everything seems to push that back? But I’m wondering, where you’re thinking?
Jeff Clarke: Well, I suspect all of you are working on a PC right now taking note. The essential device it was pre-pandemic and it’s become even more of an essential device for productivity and for learning. And if you play that through and our industry fell 1.7 [ph] billion units, give or take in the installed base, 700 million of those are [Technical Difficulty] or older, which is a refresh opportunity. The public sector, which has been a laggard in terms of its desktop and notebook mix has been 50-50, rapidly moving to 75% notebooks and catching up to the rest of the industry, which is a source of growth. Education, the one-to-one initiative, the data I have, would suggest there’s still over 10 million children in the United States without a PC to learn on in this learn-from-home environment. There is 10 million in Japan. There’s over 40 million in Western Europe. There is a huge opportunity to get the necessary tools in our global students’ hands, so they can stay up and be educated along with everybody else. This notion of household rates going up, I think, is very real. I don’t think you can get by having a PC for everyone in the home now. You have two parents likely working from home, you have multiple children working from home, it’s a multi-PC environment in the home today and I don’t think that largely change — changes. As the industry moves towards the 75% or better in notebooks, you have a replacement cycle advantage. Notebooks are generally replaced about a year and a half faster than desktops, so that will feed itself. And you ultimately, have again, what I consider the essential device in this stay-at-home economy and ultimately, we’re bringing the world into the home through the PC. Maybe, that’s a long-winded way of saying I’m bullish. I think if you look at the prospects from IDC and Gartner, and look at low single-digit growth over the next three-ish years, four years is realistic. Again, last quarter, I think the market was $82 million give or take a few. That was the biggest quarter in 12 years. You’ve seen some of the forecasting for Q4. It’s in the high-teens; it will put the market roughly 300 million units in calendar 2020. That will be the biggest year in six years. This thing is far from dead. It has become far more an essential device for all of us in this work-from-home, stay-from-home environment.
Shannon Cross: How material is the gaming? Sorry, just quickly, how material do you see gaming being?
Tom Sweet: Well, I think it’s huge. Look at all the young people. That’s what they do. I know, I have one at home that is an active gamer and I think if – by the way, in this stay-in-home environment, entertainment is key and gaming is a huge entertainment outlet and I think it is essential and I think it’s key, and certainly with our Alienware brand, the success we’ve had there, we’re quite pleased and love to see more gaming. Got a few promos on the website today if you’re interested in getting a great Alienware 17-inch notebook.
Rob Williams: All right. All right, thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Shannon. And thanks everyone for joining us today. As a reminder, we will be participating virtually in a couple of conferences next week. Tom will do a fireside chat on Tuesday at Wells Fargo, and Jeff will do a fireside chat on Thursday at Credit Suisse. Additionally, we will be attending several other virtual conferences in December and into January. So, check the IR website for the latest updates. And finally, thank you for joining us today and we wish everyone in the U.S. a safe and Happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-08-27 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2021 Second Quarter Results conference call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc., any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Holly, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are our Vice Chairman and COO, Jeff Clarke; our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. Our press release, financial tables, web deck, prepared remarks and additional trials are available on our IR website. The guidance section will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless we indicate otherwise, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, earnings per share, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified, and that VMware historical segment results have been recast to include Pivotal results. Additionally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC reports. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Finally, before I turn it over to Jeff, I want to address the amended 13D that we filed on July 15 disclosing that Dell Technologies is exploring potential alternatives with respect to its ownership interest in VMware, including a potential spin-off of its ownership interest to Dell Technologies stockholders or maintaining the status quo. We believe a spin-off could benefit both Dell Technologies and VMware stockholders by simplifying capital structure and corporate structure and enhancing strategic flexibility while still maintaining a mutual beneficial strategic and commercial partnership. With that said, we will not address the filing any further or take questions related to this topic. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob. We are finishing up day 171 working remotely at Dell Technologies, and the novelty of the new normal has worn off. Michael sent a note to our team members earlier this month that captures the situation quite well, and I quote, this is going to be a marathon, and it's going to be uneven and frustrating at times. What I can tell you, and what you will see in our results today, is that our team has continued to deliver in extraordinary ways in this unprecedented environment. I'd like to provide several examples of our team's resiliency, tenacity and adaptability. The grit that is inherent in our Dell Technologies culture. These examples demonstrate why I remain so optimistic about the future of the Company and our ability to consistently deliver no matter the obstacle. We are still largely working from home. We're not alone in this dimension as we will highlight in our Q2 results. We have moved beyond work as a location. COVID-19 has made one thing clear to us: work is something you do, an outcome, not a place or a time. And it takes teamwork and a culture that prioritizes outcomes and results over effort. Though we have team members juggling many challenges: parenting, caregiving, citizens and countries still grappling with surges of the pandemic, our employee engagement and productivity is at an all-time high, we are seeing a human transformation right before our eyes, emphasizing trust, empathy, patience and flexibility that will serve society and business long after these tough times are over. While working from home and navigating a turbulent market, we continue to drive innovation in new and different ways. Over the course of nine weeks in Q2, we had nine product and solution launches, all while working remotely. We now have completed the modernization of the ISG portfolio, and the pipeline continues to fill with more innovative solutions and products to meet the needs of the new normal. We have not broken stride with customers. We may even be building deeper relationships than we were pre-COVID. Customer engagements have become more frequent, richer in content, while reaching a greater audience within accounts. Customers bring more decision-makers and technologists to executive briefings and we respond with deep solution architecture and engineering to deliver better business outcomes. And right in the middle of this global pandemic, we paused to listen to our team members and society at large given what happened three days before we were last together: the murder of George Floyd. What we heard through a series of listening sessions was consistent: our Black team members want better representation, equal opportunity, efficacy and to see measurable progress against our Diversity & Inclusion 2030 goals. That's what we all want. And the work of real change within our now virtual walls is well underway. I share this as a backdrop for the differentiated results we will report today. Our results come from a real competitive set of advantage but also real cultural differentiation and resiliency. That is why I'm excited about our Q2 performance and optimistic about our long-term trajectory. What we know from our conversations with customers is technology has never been more important. Similar to what we saw in Q1, customers' top digital priorities are enabling learn and work from home and creating automation and agility across IT for consistency and resiliency of operations. While the pandemic didn't start the remote learn and work trend, it is certainly accelerating it. Take the financial sector and its need to enable secure work-from-home solutions. A major bank in EMEA had to move 200,000 of their 280,000 employees to work from home. To give them the managed access to application and data they needed, we implemented a VDI solution based on VMware Horizon, VMware Cloud Foundation, VxRail, along with 200,000 VDI clients and 2,000 servers and end-to-end services, all from one partner, fully integrated, to help the bank get their employees up and running securely. After all of this investment to enable remote everything, we will never go back to the way things were before. Here at Dell, we expect, on an ongoing basis, that 60% of our workforce will stay remote or have a hybrid schedule where they work from home mostly and come into the office one or two days a week. And we are not alone. Recent data shows that work from home is likely to increase by 20 points across all-size companies across all sectors. I think that is understated. And it will take more technology to ensure productivity and collaboration from anywhere. In our 10 years as a connected workplace, we've learned that it's a combination of technology, the right tools for workforce enablement and culture. And we are sharing these best practices with our customers as they embark on this journey. A journey that will be transformational for customers and, as the only player to be able to bring real solutions that connect the edge, core and cloud, will benefit Dell Technologies. Also showing up in our performance is demand for simpler, more agile IT across multiple clouds. Companies rush towards the flexibility and ease of public cloud but are now looking to hybrid cloud for a longer-term answer. Essentially, customers want a new operating model, one that consistently delivers the best of all clouds: private, public and edge. One large hospital system is a great illustration. This customer wanted to modernize their environment to better support electronic medical record and imaging needs. They were happy with their public cloud implementation but needed seamless integration with their storage solutions to pull down data from the public cloud quickly and affordably. We delivered PowerMax and PowerScale in a managed service facility connected to their public cloud, allowing them to better manage and control their data. Because the storage is directly and securely connected to the public cloud at the source, data costs are reduced and latency issues are nearly eliminated. This is a great example of how we're building our entire portfolio for customers' cloud needs, with outcome-based decision-making top of mind. Similar to cloud, customers also want to consume more technology as a service, letting them pay for only what they use and to move fixed costs to variable costs, which is critically important right now given the environment. We continue to offer Dell Technologies Cloud on the most broadest infrastructure portfolio with the new Dell EMC PowerScale Storage systems and Dell EMC Ready Solutions on VMware Cloud Foundation. Customers are finding immense value in Dell Technologies On Demand flexible consumption models. Customer demand for these models prompted us to expand our offerings to include Brazil, Chile, Colombia, India and China. That is why we are doubling down on both Dell Technologies Cloud and Dell Technologies On Demand. Now let's move to our second quarter results. Despite a dramatic deceleration in U.S. GDP during the second calendar quarter of the year, our team stayed focused on the customer and delivered. Overall, we had a solid quarter relative to the macro environment with revenues of $22.8 billion, down 3% and operating income of $2.6 billion or 11.5% of revenue. Our Client Solutions Group delivered revenue of $11.2 billion, down 5%. In our consumer business, we outperformed, fueled by another outstanding quarter from our consumer direct business that was up 56% based on orders. And our consumer direct online business was up 79% based on orders. We saw strong double-digit growth across all consumer notebooks and gaming systems driven by our premium XPS and Alienware brands, which were up 25% on an orders basis. Overall, notebook momentum continues with orders up 8% driven primarily by growth in consumer and commercial notebook needs at home and for remote work and learning. Infrastructure Solutions revenue was $8.2 billion, down 5%. We saw double-digit orders growth for data protection and VxRail in the second fiscal quarter and mid-single-digit orders growth for high-end storage. These are all sectors where we hold the #1 share position by a large margin and continue to have opportunity for growth. And while it's a little early to comment on PowerStore performance, we continue to hear positive feedback and feel confident that the pipeline will drive profitable share gains, specifically in mid-range segment this year. Our VMware business segment had another strong quarter, delivering $2.9 billion of revenue, up 10%. In addition to the depth and breadth of our portfolio, a big driver of our differentiated performance is our distinctive direct and channel coverage model of the entire IT market. In the second quarter, demand from government stayed strong, while education demand ramped, with orders up double digits for both verticals. Small and medium business demand improved through the second quarter as businesses opened back up once government restrictions were lifted. Take these results and combine them with the demand that we saw from large enterprises, health care and the financial sector in Q1, and our first half was strong. We delivered $44.7 billion of revenue, $4.8 billion of operating income and $5.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA. We made the appropriate tough decisions around our cost environment in the first half to limit spending and to protect liquidity given the uncertainty of the demand environment. Our track record of consistent profitable growth, share gains, innovation and financial returns reinforces our strategy is working and doesn't change even in amidst the uncertainty. We are focused on winning the consolidation in our core markets, innovating and integrating across Dell Technologies to create the next generation of infrastructure and to do both while strengthening our distinct advantages as a company: our go-to-market capabilities and global services footprint, our supply chain, our product breadth and integration, our financing and the strategic work we do with VMware. Over the last three fiscal years alone, CSG and ISG have delivered a combined $230 billion in revenue and $18 billion in operating income. Over the last three calendar years, we have gained 330 basis points of share in commercial client, 510 basis points of share in mainstream servers and 120 basis points of share in mid-range storage. We have the right portfolio and the go-to-market plans in place, and the teams are focused on driving relative share. Back to why I'm so optimistic. The long-term trends in our business are favorable, and our sources of advantage are real. Though there is a high degree of uncertainty right now, our strategic position and the secular technology trends create long-term growth opportunities for us. We've been talking about the fourth industrial revolution for a while, and now the pandemic has accelerated its arrival. Organizations have had to pivot quickly. First, to work from home and learn from home, and now businesses are taking this opportunity to reinvent their models for a more connected, digital, automated, data-intensive and distributed future. A future that is hybrid, the re-imagination of work as an outcome, not a place, reinforces the value of hybrid cloud and positions hybrid as the optimal cloud model to meet the new demands of a fluctuating world, essentially creating a hybrid cloud for a hybrid workforce, utilizing cloud as the modern IT foundation to deliver consistent experiences and economics across many places workloads, and people, reside. Dell is uniquely positioned to deliver on this hybrid reality, public cloud, sure, but also real growth and resiliency in private clouds and on-premise infrastructure. We have a history of investing in new businesses and technology solutions that layer into our portfolio and spur growth. Emerging technologies around widespread connectivity with 5G, data-driven insights at the edge and expanding workloads in a hybrid cloud future will each create opportunities for long-term growth and value creations at Dell Technologies. Increasingly, customers are turning to Dell technologies to shape this digital future. Given the unique advantages we've talked about, combine these advantages with our purpose-driven culture and track record of consistently growing our core businesses while investing in the long-term future, I like our hand. Now I'll turn it over to Tom for a look at our financials.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Overall, we were pleased with our performance, especially given the current environment. Despite the pandemic and economic headwinds, we're executing on our strategy in driving long-term value creation for Dell Technologies and our stakeholders. We're delivering relative growth and winning in the consolidation. We're creating differentiated Dell Technologies solutions through innovation and integration, and we're generating strong cash flow, enabling us to delever and create value for shareholders. Revenue for the second quarter was $22.8 billion, down 3% year-over-year. FX continued to be a headwind, particularly in Brazil, India and China, impacting our growth rate by approximately 150 basis points. Revenue was up 4% sequentially, which was below our historical Q2 seasonal revenue range, but was in line with our expectations as we discussed on our Q1 earnings call. Gross margin was $7.6 billion or 33.5% of revenue. Like Jeff said, we saw demand growth in education, state and local government and consumer during Q2, which impacted gross margin given these customer verticals tend to deliver less margin dollars. The majority of cost actions taken in the first quarter remain in place and helped drive operating expenses down 4% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially to $5 billion. Some of these cost benefits are shorter-term reductions that will phase out over time. For example, we saw lower employee benefit claims during the government shelter-in-place periods, lower facilities-related costs and reduced advertising and promotional spending in certain verticals. We believe some of these cost benefits will normalize as we move through the remainder of the year as we prepare sites to bring team members back to the office and benefit utilization normalizes. Operating income was $2.6 billion or 11.5% of revenue. While down 5%, operating income was up 21% sequentially driven primarily by the strong operating expense controls and business unit mix dynamics. Consolidated net income was $1.6 billion, down 7%. EPS was $1.92, down 11% year-over-year but up 43% sequentially. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.1 billion, down 2% at 13.6% of revenue. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted EBITDA was $11.8 billion. Total deferred revenue was $28.8 billion, up 14% year-over-year. Our recurring revenue, which includes deferred revenue amortization, utility and as-a-service models is now approximately $6 billion a quarter, up 15%. As Jeff mentioned, we will continue to focus on providing as-a-service solutions for our customers across our portfolio, giving them more flexibility in cloud-like economics. Shifting to our business unit results. Client Solutions Group delivered revenue of $11.2 billion, down 5%. Demand for remote work and learning solutions from our education, government and consumer customers drove strong consumer client and notebook performance. Consumer revenue was $3.2 billion, up 18% driven by the strong double-digit growth across all of our consumer notebooks and gaming systems. Our focus on premium consumer products is paying off. Our XPS and Alienware product lines saw combined orders growth of 25%. And as expected, commercial client was more challenged in Q2 with revenue of $8 billion, down 11%, as double-digit growth in Latitude notebooks and commercial Chromebooks was offset by reduced demand in commercial desktops. CSG operating income was $715 million or 6.4% of revenue. CSG profitability was down from Q2 record levels last year, primarily due to less deflationary component cost environment compared to a year ago, but we are pleased with the improved operating margin profile versus Q1. We continue to be very pleased with our Client Solutions Group performance. It is a stable business that consistently delivers strong cash flow and provides scale, helping us weather the different cycles year in and year out. ISG revenue was $8.2 billion, down 5%. Storage revenue was $4 billion, down 4% year-over-year but up 5% sequentially, and a bright spot given the macro environment. The strong demand for VxRail continued with double-digit orders growth again this quarter. Other storage highlights included triple-digit orders growth in our high-end PowerMax solution and double-digit orders growth in Data Protection. We saw softness in other areas of core storage, including mid-range. We continue to build pipeline for PowerStore and are pleased with the customer receptivity. We expect it to ramp through the second half of this year and heading into fiscal year '22. Servers and networking revenue was $4.2 billion, down 5% year-over-year but up 12% sequentially. Overall, servers were still challenged with some improvement in orders for mainstream servers. Our high-value servers built for artificial intelligence and machine learning workloads saw mid-single digit orders growth, though this is still a small piece of the overall server revenue mix. ISG operating income was $973 million or 11.9% of revenue, which was down 30 basis points, primarily due to lower server profitability as component costs were higher compared to Q2 of last year. Given the dynamics in the macro environment, the ISG results have been softer than we expected coming into this year. However, it is a critical component of our portfolio and one that we expect to improve as the overall economy and IT spending rebound. Over the last five fiscal years, we have grown this business organically and inorganically by more than $18 billion and is now on a greater than $30 billion run rate. It delivers excellent profitability and gives us a seat at the table during all of our customers' most critical IT infrastructure decisions. The VMware business unit had another strong quarter, delivering revenue of $2.9 billion, up 10%, and operating income of $894 million or 30.7% of revenue. Based on VMware's stand-alone results, subscription and as-a-service revenue grew 44% and comprised 22% of total revenue. The largest revenue contributors included the VMware Cloud Provider Program, Modern Applications, End User Computing and Carbon Black. VMware Cloud on AWS once again had a triple-digit revenue growth rate. Before I move to the capital structure, I want to highlight Dell Financial Services, which continued its growth trajectory and had an outstanding second quarter. DFS originations were up 31% to $2.6 billion driven by strong VMware and EMEA performance. The introduction of the DFS Payment Flexibility Program in April has been very well received across all lines of business and customer segments. Earlier this month, we extended theprogram through the end of October with payment deferrals until 2021 as we continue to work together with our customers and partners to enable their businesses through these challenging times. Turning to the cash flow generation and our balance sheet. We generated cash flow from operations of approximately $3.3 billion driven by strong profitability and improved working capital dynamics as some of the COVID-19-related impacts on collections and inventory partially normalized. Adjusted free cash flow in Q2 was $3.6 billion, and on a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted free cash flow was $7.8 billion. Our liquidity position is strong, and we are comfortable with our capital structure. We ended the quarter with $12.3 billion of cash and investments and $5.9 billion of undrawn revolver capacity. From a debt perspective, we paid down approximately $3.5 billion of total debt during the second quarter, including $2.2 billion of core debt and $1.25 billion of VMware debt. Our total debt balance ended the quarter at $54.5 billion. This includes DFS-related debt of $10 billion and subsidiary debt of $6.3 billion in addition to our core debt and margin loan. Our core debt ended the quarter at $34.1 billion. Over the last four years since the EMC transaction closed, our core debt has been reduced by nearly $15 billion, demonstrating our commitment to pay down debt. While the total debt balance has decreased by a lesser amount over that period, this is primarily due to the debt added by VMware to support its own strategic initiatives and debt we have added specifically to fund DFS growth as customers increasingly value the payment flexibility that our financing solutions offer. As a reminder, a majority of the DFS debt is secured by financing receivables and is serviced by the cash flow generation from these receivables. Delevering continues to be the priority for our capital allocation, and we are committed to achieving investment-grade ratings. Our intent remains to reduce core debt by approximately $5.5 billion in fiscal year '21, which would be incremental to the $2.3 billion we've already paid year-to-date. Let me provide a few comments on the rest of the year. As you know, we withdrew our fiscal year '21 guidance during the first quarter. There continues to be a high degree of uncertainty for the remainder of this year. The latest global GDP and industry data indicates continuing, but moderating, declines for the second half of the year. Similar to Q2, we expect Q3 revenue to be seasonally lower than prior years, which has typically been flat to down 2% sequentially. As a reminder, we are currently on track to close the RSA transaction in early September. Historically, RSA contributed roughly $800 million in annual revenue, and approximately $200 million of operating income with similar back-end loaded seasonal trends to ISG. Turning to operating income. There are a few items that need to be considered. We saw component inflation in the second quarter and anticipate inflation again in Q3. We are seeing DRAM and SSD prices potentially softening as we move through the second half, with the benefit from this not showing up until later in the year. In addition, normal sequentials point toward a higher mix of consumer PCs in Q3, and recent IDC forecasts reflect a higher mix towards consumer PC and Chromebook units in Q3. Considering these items, along with the lower revenue sequentially, general macro challenges and VMware operating income expectations, we expect our operating margins will be lower sequentially. We are proud of our operating heritage. We will continue to manage the business, driving above-market performance. We are focused on what we can control while navigating through the macro, adjusting for the dynamic cost and currency environments while also balancing appropriate cost actions with necessary investments. In closing, we are winning the consolidation, and we're executing on our long-term drivers of value creation for Dell Technologies and our core markets. We are taking the appropriate corporate structure steps to optimize value, simplify and align our focus areas as evidenced by the VMware merger with Pivotal, ongoing simplification of operations, the announced divestiture of RSA and the exploration of alternatives with VMware. We will continue to create differentiated Dell Technologies solutions through innovation and integration across the entire family. Our goal is to create long-term value for all aligned shareholders by outgrowing our competitors, growing EPS faster than revenue and generating strong cash flow over time. And, as we continue to delever and get back to investment grade, we will look for other opportunities to return capital to shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participants ask one question to allow us to get us to as many of your as possible. Holly, can you introduce the first question.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathy Huberty: Last November, you guided to an operating margin this year that would be roughly in line with fiscal '19. But just looking at the first half of the year, you're tracking about 100 basis points above that level. So is that still a fair target? And how do you see the operating margin playing out for the next couple of quarters?
Tom Sweet: Katy, thanks for the question. This is obviously Tom. So look, I think as we think about the first half of the year, I think we generally have been pleased with the operating performance of the organization given the dynamics in the macro. And obviously, a lot of that has to do with the cost dynamics that we've been able to drive in terms of the constraints we put on spending, whether that was the reductions in T&E, the head count freeze and those other cost actions that we took. As we sit here at the midpoint of the year and look forward into the back half, there are some dynamics I highlighted in my guidance section that I just want to keep you centered on, which is around we are seeing -- if you think about our seasonal pattern, Q2, Q4 generally are bigger quarters. Q1, Q3 generally are seasonally a little bit softer than Q2, Q4. There are a couple of dynamics as we look at Q2 -- or I'm sorry, Q3, as we think about the demand environment, the mix dynamic with our client business, our CSG business, where we typically trend towards consumer in Q3 as we get ready for the holiday season. We're going to have the additional dynamic this year, I think, a bit more education and Chromebook dynamic mix in there. So that's going to -- that has some dynamics around our margin. And then I also would remind you that with the RSA divestiture, which is targeted right around the beginning of September, we'll drop some operating income and revenue out of the consolidated total. So look, I do think that we might see a bit more downward pressure on operating margin in the back half of the year right now. We'll obviously have to watch it. And part of that would be dependent upon how do the mix dynamics play out as well as the component cost environment, which we still believe is inflationary in Q3. So I think we'll continue to look at it. First half was strong. We'll see how the back -- or solid, I should say. We'll see how the back half plays out.
Kathy Huberty: Tom, is it still realistic, though, that you could see a sub-10% margin for the year like in fiscal '19?
Tom Sweet: I don't think so. Not that I'm -- I don't think it gets to that level.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Victor Chiu: This is Victor Chiu in for Simon Leopold. Can you provide us with some color around the performance verticals maybe where you saw better demand in the quarter? I just kind of want to get a sense for the pieces, the puts and takes that surprised you relative to your expectations.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, maybe I'll let -- let me say a few high-level comments and maybe Jeff could jump in and talk about some of the business unit dynamics that we saw. I would remind you that as we -- in our call in Q1, we highlighted the fact that if you think about the seasonal pattern or the linearity pattern we saw in Q1, we saw February and March quite strong, and clearly, March spiked with the work-from-home dynamic as businesses and education institutions shifted to work from home, learn from home. But then, as you recall in our talking points, we also talked about the fact that we have seen April soften. That demand dynamic of April softening, that linearity, continued on into May, which we thought May, from a demand perspective, was quite soft. June began to recover. And then by the time we hit late June, in July, we saw week-over-week strength, improved demand, although still negative as we got through the end of the quarter from a demand perspective. And so there are some dynamics within that, within the context of the BUs in terms of how each of those BUs performed during -- as we went through the quarter. And maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Jeff. Maybe he can give some highlights on what we saw in the ISG space and then in the PC space.
Jeff Clarke: Yes, happy to, Victor. I mean to build on what Tom said, clearly, there were a couple of trends that we saw from a vertical orientation. We saw education and government grow double digits. We saw, as Tom mentioned, the improvement over the quarter. We saw the SB and NB verticals or businesses improved week-over-week from early June through the end of the quarter. Still below normal seasonal rates, but they improved from the beginning of the quarter. We saw the largest transformational -- in the world continue to invest in digital transformation and continued to move forward digital agendas. If you look at it from a product perspective, as Tom mentioned, learn from home and work from home continue through the quarter, particularly towards the latter part of the quarter, as many countries were preparing to send their youth back to school, which, in many cases, is going to be an online work -- learn-from-home environment. And we saw many institutional customers who have historically been in the public sector, a desktop-based or a PC asset moving to a notebook-based asset, buying more notebooks throughout the quarter. And then lastly, we saw demand on the ISG side for our data protection products, our high-end storage products and our VxRail products. Data Protection and VxRail grew double digit in the quarter on an orders basis, and we had good demand for our high-end storage in the single digits. I hope that helped.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Cabral with Crédit Suisse.
Matt Cabral: On ISG, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about what pricing dynamics looked like across both storage and servers in the quarter. And just if you can comment on if you've any changes in the wider competitive environment as the demand environment has gotten a little more difficult.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think, Matt, if we were to look at servers, we remain disciplined throughout the quarter, as we mentioned in Q1 as well, very disciplined to what we see in the marketplace. There are some aggressive pricing for server deals without question. But we're not out chasing share. We don't think that's good for our business. We want to be disciplined and return profitable gains in the business. Clearly, the pressure we're seeing in ISG is more of a macro one. The macro demand of the ISG sector, both storage and server, is certainly different than we thought when we planned the year and started the calendar year back in January. We have continued to see customers slow down their investments, in some cases, sweat their current infrastructure through the first half of the year to navigate through the pandemic. As I mentioned in the previous question, we've seen those largest customers continue to invest in infrastructure. We would categorize them as the digital leaders. Those digital leaders continue to invest in infrastructure, their digital transformation programs and projects. And we saw healthy demand in the largest companies around the world continuing to buy servers and continuing to buy storage class products. As we look downfield, if you will, and we think about what happens towards the second half of the year, you've probably seen the same forecast that we have. IDC has shown the external storage market and the mainstream server market under pressure in the second half of the year, specifically changing their forecast by roughly 600 basis points more negative. And we think we can weather the storm throughout the rest of the year. And as we look into next year, we see growth in the server market and the external storage market. I believe the server forecasts are roughly 7% growth next year. We believe we have the right portfolio to be able to take advantage of the growth environment that will be around -- or rebound, if you prefer. I think about the opportunities that we have in cross-selling in our buyer base, our storage customers buying servers, our server customers buying storage. The opportunity that we have in high-value workloads in the server marketplace, I think, is still an untapped opportunity for us. While we've made progress and saw growth in that area this quarter, there remains to be a good opportunity for us. And then we believe there's emerging opportunity as the telco industry standardizes on an open platform what's going to happen in edge and the data of intensive workloads that will evolve on the edge. And then clearly, the continued migration of the hybrid and private cloud world that we've seen throughout the last six quarters, we think that continues as hybrid cloud is the norm going forward. I hope that helped.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconagh: I was just wondering if you can comment on just demand in your guidance. You talked about weeks sequentially improving in terms of growth rate. And yet, you're guiding for below-normal sequential growth for fiscal Q3. Most companies are not. Most are guiding for inline or better-than-normal sequential growth unless they had a unique backlog relief or higher revenues in Q2 from backlog, which I don't think was the case with Dell. And I also recall, last quarter, you seemed relatively optimistic about the ISG business. You sound a bit more cautious about it now. I think server growth, even Q1 and Q2, was below seasonal despite the fact that it sounds like you're being quite aggressive with financing. So maybe you can just comment on -- are you incrementally negative around ISG relative to 90 days ago? Why are you not guiding for at least sequential growth if weekly order patterns are ultimately getting better? And why do you think you were below-normal sequential server growth from Q1 to Q2 despite aggressive financial promotion as evidenced by how much financing went up in the quarter, and your commentary around sequential improvement?
Tom Sweet: Toni, it's Tom. So look, let me set the stage, right? If you look at our normal seasonal pattern, Q1 to Q2 is generally a growth pattern, right, where Q2 has always been, for us, a strong education, state and local government buying season. Q3 -- Q2 to Q3 has traditionally been a negative sequential growth pattern for us. As we come out of that strong Q2, we start to see mix dynamics within the CSG business, with consumer starting to ramp which generally has a lower ASP, and then we step back up in Q4 generally from a sequential pattern. Our perspective this year, with what we know to date, and I'll comment on the fact -- yes, we did comment about the fact that as we got -- as we went through Q2, we saw improved demand coming into July. But the dynamics tend to change as you go into the next quarter when buying season patterns change. And so we are, I think, thoughtfully cautious around how do we think about demand in Q3 given the dynamics within the macro and our normal historical patterns here that we think are going be slightly softer. As you look at the ISG space, in particular, we would normally see a sequential falloff Q2 to Q3. The 3-year average is around negative 2%, negative 3% sequentially, Toni, for ISG. And don't forget RSA comes out of there. So I just think we're -- and you look at the IDC forecast for Q3, which has mainstream server revenue ex China at minus 12 and external storage at minus 10, essentially. I think we just -- given that pattern and given what we're seeing in the environment, we want to make sure that we're thoughtful about how we frame the quarter. And obviously, we're going to push on this appropriately. But that's -- I think from our perspective, the frame that we're providing makes sense relative to what we're seeing. And Jeff, I don't know if you have anything.
Jeff Clarke: Well, the only thing I would add to it is the comment I made with Matt as well is the market has more headwinds in the second half than ISG from 90 days ago. The most recent forecasts have changed. They've become more negative in both external storage and server. Clearly, we're going to continue to operate and execute a premium to however the market -- whatever the market outcomes are. But they are certainly more negative as we look at the second half of the uncertainty that Tom talked about. We're going to focus on the growth programs of where our marketing is, our Power Up program that I talked about, I believe, in our last earnings call. Continuing to work and grow our customer base, continue to focus on the opportunities we have in cross-selling across the portfolio. We're going to continue to focus on ramping our PowerStore product as it's now in the marketplace and off to a good start. But we're facing market conditions that are very different from 90 days ago.
Toni Sacconaghi: Jeff, I guess if I could just follow up. I appreciate the fact that, look, IT budgets have probably been slashed. A lot of CIO surveys suggest that. I appreciate the fact that you're always down sequentially, but you said you'd be down more than normal sequential. And that just feels somewhat at odds with the fact that your order rate was kind of improving in the back half of the quarter. So is there anything you saw -- you've seen in August that makes you incrementally more worried? Or put RSA aside, is there anything else fundamentally that you're worried about either competitive-wise that would suggest you shouldn't extrapolate some of that order improvement you were seeing throughout the quarter? I just want to be sure we're not missing anything.
Jeff Clarke: Let's make sure, I think what Tom referenced, it was an overall number. And the one that we haven't talked about that has some headwind is the PC business. And we see a fundamental mix. While we're seeing an incremental increase in unit demand based on the learn from home and the continued work-from-home phenomena that's been underway, that is largely education-driven, that is largely lower-end ASPs that are associated with it. And I believe that's some of what Tom is referring to when we look at normal seasonal patterns. This is different. So if you look at the opportunity in the PC marketplace and where the growth is, it is heading towards the lower-end ASPs on that side of the marketplace. Does that help?
Toni Sacconagh: Yes
Jeff Clarke: So a combination of increasingly more negative outlook of the ISG sector; we're going to continue to drive our performance, and you saw some good performance in our data protection business, as I mentioned, high-end storage, VxRail; and then the PC dynamic is another one that is -- it's very different than what we've seen in any other seasonal pattern between Q2 and Q3. Tom, anything to add?
Tom Sweet: No, I think you've articulated it, Jeff.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Just a follow-up on those PC comments. Your PC competitor just called out CPU and panel constraints. Is there an element on the below seasonal from a commodity procurement and supply chain perspective, too? Or is that not an issue for you guys? And I have a follow-up, if I could.
Jeff Clarke: Well, Wamsi, I think there are a couple of things. I'm going to separate on this. If you think about -- what's just happened is even IDC, within the calendar quarter, Q3 has changed the forecast outlook for the calendar quarter we're in by 20 points. I've been at this a while. I've never seen that much change in a 6-week period with seven weeks to go, which, to me, suggests that there is unanticipated demand driven from learn from home, a one-to-one education initiative. If I recall the comments I made just moments ago about the public sector, more of those workers that are at home need notebooks. That demand wasn't planned. So if you think about where the industry has been and where the demand is today, we would have had to call that many months ago given the lead time for silicon and the lead time for LCDs. That's the backdrop of where that demand is. If I look at our portfolio, it's a very broad portfolio, as you know, we have products on standard lead time across the board. But in these areas where the growth is, think Chromebook of 11.6-inch screens, education notebooks of 14-inch and 15-inch TN screens, if you look at the supply constraints there, there's supply constraints with LCD, typically on glass itself and the drivers themselves, and there aren't enough low core count CPUs for the industry to respond to this demand profile. Do I think we will solve it in time? Without question, is our supply chain responding accordingly? Yes. We're solving this each and every day. The lead times in our products service are getting better by the day. But that's the challenge in front of us. It's a good challenge. It's one that I know we will respond to. But it's this unanticipated spike in demand in this particular sub-segment that has driven industry shortages, which I'm sure you heard from everybody, we're responding to.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. That's helpful. And I was wondering if you might be able to share some color on how investors should think about the timing to investment grade? I mean we have sort of -- prior to your announcement on the alternatives you're exploring with VMware, there was an expectation around this timing. And now with this in the mix, can you help us think through whether that changes the timing on the path to investment grade or how investors should think about that?
Tyler Johnson: Wamsi, it's Tyler. Look, I think we've talked a little bit about -- obviously, we're in kind of a different environment, right? I think the one thing that I'm really happy about, and I think we're doing a great job of, is the continued debt paydown. Obviously, we've reiterated the $5.5 billion that we're going to pay down this year. And if you look at our payout profile, right, I've got nothing else to do this year. And probably, a piece of that $5.5 billion will be focused on the debt that's coming due next year. So I feel really good how I'm positioned from a capital structure position and then also how the debt is coming down. My conversations with the rating agencies remain good. I think, obviously, they're working through a lot as they're thinking about the overall macro environment. And I think it's fair to say that that's going to influence any type of decision. But we're making the right progress, and I'm happy to see the direction we're going. So we'll continue to see how the rest of the year plays out. But I think, like I said, we're doing what we need to do.
Tom Sweet: Tyler, we're at $34 billion of core -- $34.1 billion of core right now, I think we've done a nice job. We do -- and from a capital allocation policy, Wamsi, nothing's changed, right, in the sense that we're going to -- predominant use of our capital right now is debt paydown. And I think that continues until we get the capital structure back into that investment-grade range. And the timing of that will be somewhat dependent upon the rating agencies who consider not only our stand-alone results but also the overall macro and their perspective around that. So I think we'll continue to be very focused on it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Jeff, I'm curious how -- from a strategic standpoint, thinking about like the post-pandemic work environment, both for Dell but also, obviously, for your customers, I'm just curious how that's changing where you're focusing your investments. I know some out there have said up to 50%, which seems pretty aggressive if people won't come back to the office. But I'm curious as you look sort of a couple of years down the line how this is changing things.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks for the question, Shannon. It's an interesting dynamic that we see underway right now. If I look at Dell, I think I mentioned this in our prepared remarks, we see us being a connected workplace now for almost 12 years, a future where 60-plus percent of our professional workforce will work in a remote or hybrid environment, where they come to the office one or two days is the definition of a hybrid workplace. And that workplace itself will transform. Rather than having pre-described or predetermined workspace, the workspace is going to be much more highly collaborative, much more open to drive that sort of collaborative nature that we think happens in the future of work. Our belief is that we think, and I think it's understated, that we'll have a 20- to 30-point increase in remote workers and remote -- or hybrid type of work environments across all company types, all sectors, all geographies. And I think what's interesting is how the PC industry will navigate how to, what we've coined as the three phases, do it light, do it right and then the new innovation that leads to a modern PC experience. Given where things are today, we're still much more on the do it light where we're taking sectors that have historically been behind on the mobile phenomena. Public is one of them or, quite frankly, education that's been behind. And we're just getting compute assets in their hands to enable them to work remotely to work online. We will move to a phase where doing it right is going to take over, and we're going to see, I think, a lot of innovation and play to our broad end-to-end portfolio. Things such as unified workspace are going to matter where we can actually take on life cycle management. We can do provisioning of the PC via our cloud capability. We can do app and patch updates remotely. We can do proactive and predictive service calls. So we can change the dynamic of the asset that's in our customers' hands and then how do we make that asset more productive in time because we still see, and I think it's proven time and time again here, over the first six months of this calendar year, the PC remains the primary productivity device. And it's increasingly the essential learning device in an online future way to educate the world, too. I think that bodes very well for us as an industry. I think we have to navigate some of the changes and what types of products are in each of those types of end users' hands. And then we're really excited about the innovation that it will drive long term as we modernize that PC experience and thinking of this even perhaps as more of an as-a-service experience long term on the PC side. Does that help?
Shannon Cross: Yes.
Operator: We'll now take our final question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: I wanted to come back to the mid-range weakness comment you made, Jeff, and try to tie that back together with PowerStore and understand -- well, first of all, is that mainly related to SMEs being weak, which I think a lot of companies have seen? And then secondly, on PowerStore, are you seeing it taking people longer to test the product? And is there anything you're doing short term with regards to pricing of other products or offering of other products to try to help people out while they evaluate PowerStore in this difficult environment?
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Let me start with a couple of thoughts because I love the question. One is, I think, it's important to note we've completed the journey that I've spoken to you all over the past handful of years now of modernizing our ISG portfolio. The entire ISG portfolio now is powered up in our definition. If you think about the last three products of those nine products that we launched over the quarter, PowerStore, PowerScale, PowerFlex are all on the marketplace around the rest of the portfolio. Next week is an interesting time for us because the world's largest sales force is going through their annual technical training and will be clearly amped up on our new portfolio and its competitiveness across each and every sector that we participate in. Specifically with PowerStore, what we have done is we're doing more demos, more virtual demos. Clearly, this virtual world has made it a little more difficult, but it's a long selling cycle to begin with. We always thought about our PowerStore ramp in the second half of the year converting the pipeline that I talked about last time. If I was to reflect on what's happened in Q2, I would tell you, we're very happy with the early traction we've had with PowerStore. At less than a quarter of shipping, we have already acquired hundreds of new customers, 20% of them are new to Dell. 20% of our PowerStore customers are new to Dell. What's probably the more compelling from my point of view is we're seeing a strong correlation with our competitive swaps that are up 32% quarter-over-quarter. And we've seen 2x the level of competitive displacement revenue than the previous quarter since the launch of PowerStore. I think about the largest storage sales force on the planet, their expectations are high. They're enthusiastic about the product. Our expectations haven't changed at all about PowerStore. That sales force is out generating hundreds of new opportunities a week. We're doing many virtual demos every week on top of the pipeline that we referenced last time. So we absolutely believe we have a winner here. Our expectations haven't changed. Yes, we're dealing with a COVID environment that takes a little longer to do some of the evals, some of the certifications. But our team is being creative, helping customers do that. And then your last question about pricing, we didn't change our pricing on PowerStore. We went into the marketplace, and we priced PowerStore against the competition at the same level on an effective gigabyte. So in my mind, we've put a better product potentially in the hands of the market at the same price as our competitors on an effective gigabyte. I think that's a win in our hand.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Rob. And thanks, Jeff. All right. That's a wrap on Q&A. We'll see many of you virtually at the Citi Global Technology Conference on Tuesday, September 8. So thanks for joining.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-05-28 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2021 First Quarter Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Erica, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today are our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, Jeff Clarke; our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. In addition to our press release, financial tables and web deck, beginning with Q1, edited prepared remarks and additional materials are now available before the call on our IR website. The guidance section will be covered on today's call. During this call, unless we indicate otherwise, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified and that VMware historical segment results have been recast to include Pivotal results. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future events and results are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC reports. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Rob. We are all living and working in extraordinary times. Let me upfront, on the behalf of the Dell Technologies team, send our thoughts and best wishes to the global community. Though we are starting to see positive signs around the globe with regards to the pandemic, we understand the unimaginable scope and scale of what it is at its core, a humanitarian crisis. We know that little on our world is untouched. On a personal level, what keeps me going is staying connected. COVID-19 has challenged every convention of our lives. I am finishing up day 78 working from home and settling in into a new normal. I am remote, yet more connected than ever with a deeper sense of unity. I'm not traveling, but I'm visiting with more customers, partners, suppliers and team members, and I'm busier than ever, yet I have more time for my family than I've had in years. And as I reflect on the past quarter, several truths have been reinforced through the pandemic. One, technology has never been more important. That plays a key role in fighting the virus on the front-line, it is essential in the development of vaccines and will be a catalyst in the recovery. As a result, digital transformation will accelerate us into the fourth industrial revolution. And then lastly, Dell Technologies' broad portfolio of businesses and capabilities enabled us to work through the crisis and deliver differentiated results for our customers and our company. Over Q1, through today and into the future, our focus has been and will be on, one, our people; two, our customers; and three, our business. Let me start with our team members. The safety and health of our team members, their families and the communities where we live and work is job one. We restricted global travel and moved to virtual-only events. 90% of our 165,000 team members worldwide moved to work from home over one weekend, and they are successfully supporting our customers and partners remotely. And we are protecting our essential employees whose jobs require them to be on-site or with customers with new pandemic-specific protocols. Next, our customers. Consumers to small businesses to multinational corporations were forced to implement work-from-home, learn-from-home strategies and reestablish business continuity literally overnight. We saw flight to quality where customers leaned on technology partners who had the flexibility and agility to provide solutions at scale across all of their IT needs and deliver services quickly and globally. Consider New York City as an example. Our team helped their department in information technology and communication support the city's health care professionals and first responders, securing critical technology ranging from PCs to servers, storage and VMware, all in a centralized manner with swift implementation. As governments issued their shelter-in-place orders, no one was at receiving docks to get the needed technology. So we shipped notebooks, monitors and accessories directly to people's homes or we set up drive-throughs with proper social distancing and PPE in place to get the people equipment they needed to be productive and connected. We rolled out our payment flexibility program, so customers can access the technology they need now, scale the usage of IT and preserve cash. This program includes 0% interest rates and up to 180-day payment deferral. And we are also making $9 billion in financing available this year. Plus, we added a one-year term to our Dell Technologies On Demand offerings, which can be used with Dell Technologies cloud platform to rapidly consume hybrid cloud infrastructure. And third, the business. We saw unprecedented demand dynamics over the course of the quarter. And though we face an uncertain environment as we look ahead and made these areas of prudent in-quarter decisions to manage cost and liquidity, we did so with the intent to accelerate through and beyond this crisis. All actions were in line with our strategy which remains unchanged. We are focused on gaining share, integrating and innovating across our portfolio and creating long-term value for all stakeholders. Despite uncertainty, we are in a position of strength, we have a unique opportunity to perform differentially, no matter the environment. Let me move to a few operational comments for the first quarter. To get more specific on demand, we saw high single-digit order growth for commercial client and double-digit orders growth for notebooks. For example, orders growth for our Latitude notebook family grew 37% year-over-year and 45% sequentially. This growth came primarily from large commercial and government customers, which did put some pressure on profitability. We were the only vendor in the top five to have positive year-over-year PC unit growth for calendar Q1, according to IDC. We had our highest share position to-date for worldwide PCs at 19.4%. And in commercial PCs, Dell move to number two worldwide with 26.2% unit share. As customers shifted spend to remote solutions and BCRP, they did so at the expense of infrastructure spending, resulting in lower ISG demand, but there were some highlights. While down, we saw improved server performance and expect to gain unit and revenue share for mainstream servers when IDC x86 results come out next month. And though, we expect our external storage share to be roughly flat in calendar Q1, we expect share growth in high-end, purpose-built back-up appliances and unstructured arrays. From a customer standpoint, we saw order strength in banking and financial services, government, health care and life sciences, each up 15% to 20% in Q1. We also saw very strong double-digit demand in consumer direct and solid high single-digit demand in small business. For small and medium business, however, demand did soften as the quarter progressed given the shelter-in-place orders of various governments. We saw demand drop over the quarter in the most impacted sectors including retail, manufacturing, energy and transportation. Throughout this time, we have been advantaged by our agility, our breadth and our scale. We can quickly pivot and lean into the opportunities that exist with unmatched capabilities, including our direct global sales force, flexible consumption models and online leadership. These are truly differentiators for us. Our teams had to be nimble and quickly embrace a new sales motion. We successfully pivoted to all virtual engagements with hundreds of thousands of virtual customer interactions in the quarter. And our e-commerce business sets us apart. In April, site visits to delltechnologies.com were up 77% driven largely by interest in remote work offerings and learnings ranging from PC solutions and services, quick-start bundles for VDI and SD-WAN for home access to take the stress off corporate networks. Another strength is our global supply chain, its scale and resiliency, which enable the needed flexibility to manage through the many different challenges over the past several years. We've used our global footprint and partnerships to fulfill orders as quickly as possible, exploring all sourcing, production and logistics strategies to meet our customers' needs. We continue to drive innovation and excellence in engineering with a largely remote workforce. Our engineers and product teams delivered several critical solutions in the past couple of months, all from home. PowerStore is now shipping and is a step-level improvement in the market. It's up to 7x faster and 3x more responsive than our previous arrays. The feedback from our customers has been fantastic. And we are seeing unprecedented interest. The pipeline is building. This is a game changer for us in mid-range storage. Last week, we launched several Dell Technologies Cloud advancements including Dell Technologies Cloud OneFS for Google Cloud. This combines scalability and performance of Isilon with Google Cloud's analytics and compute services to help customers simplify management of private and public cloud storage. And in March, VMware introduced new software solutions that place us squarely at the center of our customers' multi-cloud world. The releases featured VMware Tanzu, a portfolio of products and services that transform the way enterprises build, run and manage application software. Also included were major updates to the core portfolio across VMware Cloud Foundation, including the largest evolution of vSphere in a decade, NSX-T, vSAN and vRealize Operations Cloud, which continue to bring innovation to our leading infrastructure stack that powers on-premise environment and public clouds across the world. These are just a few examples of how we're delivering on our customers’ needs and executing our strategy. As the world starts to pivot from response to recovery, I see it in three phases. Phase 1, the rapid response. This phase is largely behind us. Organizations have moved to work from home. Kids are learning from home, and we are seeing hopeful signs, including possible vaccine. Phase 2, the new normal. As a society, we are realizing that work isn't a destination, rather it's something many of us can do anywhere, anytime. We are solving customer issues remotely with great success, and customer conversations have changed from what do we do now to how do we plan for the future.  And then into the third phase, new opportunities. High volumes of virtual, online businesses, an accelerated digital existence, making an automated, intelligent and secure supply chain paramount to business continuity. Artificial intelligence and machine learning play a big role to glean meaningful business insights from the vast amount of data this digital existence will create. Dell Technologies is uniquely positioned to win in this evolving backdrop, and our Q1 performance again highlights our differentiation and the resiliency. So to summarize, our breadth of solutions, our scale and our strength have never been more important, with customers increasingly turning to us as a deep and trusted partner when they need help most. Thanks to our customers and our incredible team efforts, we've been able to execute our strategy and emerge from this in an even stronger competitive position. This pandemic has challenged – or excuse me, this pandemic has changed everything with unprecedented speed and scope, billions of people's lives upended in a matter of weeks. But there is also tremendous innovation and collaboration, heroism and humanity. There is a lot to be hopeful for, and there's a lot of opportunity ahead. Now I'll turn it over to Tom for a deeper look at our financials.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. The global effects of COVID-19 created a challenging environment to navigate, but I am proud of our team members and partners around the globe. They continue to support our customers and many frontline organizations battling this pandemic while also managing their own personal needs and responsibilities. Demand was strong for work and learn-from-home solutions and business continuity solutions, especially during the first two months of the quarter. Revenue for the first quarter was $21.9 billion, which was flat year-over-year. FX movement, particularly in the euro zone, Brazil and China, created a headwind this quarter, impacting growth by approximately 170 basis points. Gross margin was down 1% to $7.3 billion or 33.4% of revenue. Overall, gross margin was lower due to the strong CSG performance along with the mix shift to large commercial and government customers that Jeff mentioned. Given the environment, we proactively took cost actions during the quarter to protect and position the company. These measures included a global hiring freeze, reduction in consulting and contractor costs, global travel restrictions and, most recently, the decision to suspend our 401(k) match. The majority of our costs are variable, allowing us to quickly adjust. Our rapid cost actions helped drive operating expenses down 1% year-over-year and down 8% sequentially to $5.2 billion. We continue to evaluate the business and are prepared to take additional actions as necessary. Operating income was down 2% to $2.2 billion or 9.8% of revenue. Profitability was slightly lower as we managed through multiple impacts in the quarter. Supply chain-related costs for certain components and expedite costs for moving products in this environment were higher in the quarter. We were also impacted by mix dynamics related to strong demand for work from home, a higher mix of large commercial and government transactions and the impacts from a strong dollar even as we adjusted pricing. Profitability was also impacted by the application of the new Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, accounting standard as we recorded increased receivable reserves of approximately $100 million. Our consolidated net income was $1.1 billion, down 5% and EPS was $1.34, down 8%. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.6 billion or 11.9% of revenue and $11.8 billion for the trailing 12 months. Shifting to our business unit results. Client Solutions Group delivered revenue of $11.1 billion, up 2%. Commercial revenue was $8.6 billion, up 4%, including double-digit order growth in commercial notebooks and mobile workstations. Consumer revenue was $2.5 billion, down 5% as we shifted supply to direct from retail. Our consumer direct orders were up nearly 40%, while consumer retail orders were down 37%. The strong demand for remote work and learning solutions drove the strong commercial client and notebook performance. The team did a nice job working through supply chain impacts. We saw extended lead times, particularly for mobile solutions, but these are now turning back to more normal levels. CSG operating income was $592 million or 5.3% of revenue. CSG profitability was impacted by a higher mix of large commercial and government customers and less deflationary component costs compared to a year ago. ISG revenue was $7.6 billion, down 8%. Storage revenue was $3.8 billion, down 5%. We saw double-digit demand growth in VxRail and in our high-end PowerMax solution and solid demand in unstructured storage, offset by softness in other areas of core storage. Servers and networking revenue was $3.8 billion, down 10%. However, we did see improved orders results for mainstream servers and expect to gain share in this category. ISG operating income was $732 million or 9.7% of revenue, which was down 60 basis points. The first quarter is typically our lightest quarter for ISG, particularly storage as it historically builds throughout the year. Our VMware business unit had a strong quarter, delivering revenue of $2.8 billion, up 12% and operating income of $773 million or 28.1% of revenue. Based on VMware's stand-alone results, subscription and as a service revenue grew 39%, with the strongest revenue performance from end user computing, Carbon Black and VeloCloud offerings as well as VMware Cloud on AWS, which had a triple-digit revenue growth rate. Both NSX and vSAN product bookings grew over 20%. Turning to our balance sheet and capital structure. We ended the quarter with $13.2 billion of cash and investments. This includes the cash from the $2.25 billion of notes issued by Dell Technologies and $2 billion issued by VMware in the first quarter. As announced, the primary use of proceeds from these offerings is the repayment of debt. Earlier this month, VMware did pay down $1.25 billion of the note due in August of 2020. And at the Dell Tech level, we expect to use the $2.25 billion in proceeds to pay down debt in the coming months. Our total debt balance ended the quarter at $57.3 billion, and core debt ended the quarter at $36.6 billion. Core debt excludes $9.1 billion of DFS-related debt, the majority of which is nonrecourse to the company and is backed by high-quality receivables. We are focused on ensuring DFS is properly capitalized to support our customers as evidenced by the $1.1 billion asset-backed fixed-term securitization we did in the quarter. We are effectively managing working capital in this challenging environment. We had a use of cash flow from operations of approximately $800 million, impacted by our normal annual bonus payout, P&L seasonality and approximately $900 million of COVID impact to working capital, principally related to timing of accounts receivable collections and higher inventory, which we expect to normalize in the coming quarters. Adjusted free cash flow in Q1 was a negative $1.2 billion coming off of a very strong fourth quarter. Our first quarter tends to be our weakest in regards to cash generation given normal seasonality impacts. On a trailing 12 month basis, adjusted free cash flow was $7.6 billion. We have suspended the share repurchase program announced on the Q4 call. In the first quarter, we did repurchase approximately 6 million shares for approximately $240 million. Our liquidity position is strong with excess cash on the balance sheet and $5.5 billion of undrawn revolver capacity after repaying a partial draw in Q1. We are comfortable with our capital structure, including our ability to support DFS growth. We have worked to smooth out our debt maturity towers with only $600 million due this June, plus approximately $200 million of debt amortization for the year. As I reflect on current results and future opportunities, I'm reminded that we are a different company than we were just three years ago and most certainly different than we were in any of the prior economic slowdowns. Today, we have assembled a broad set of capabilities that are differentiated within the industry and drive an attractive financial model. We have broad diversification across our portfolio of software and service solutions, hybrid cloud technologies and traditional infrastructure, all of which are multibillion-dollar businesses. And similarly, we have a broad diversification across our customer base, which allows us a view to customer behavior and demand trends given our direct model. We have a software and security business that's more than $15 billion with strong as a service and recurring revenue characteristics. This creates a stable revenue base, particularly during volatile times. Our total deferred revenue is $27.6 billion, up 14% year-over-year, our recurring revenue, which includes deferred revenue amortization, utility and as a service models, is now approximately $6 billion a quarter, up 16% year-over-year. We are focused on our commitment to maximize long- term value creation for all aligned shareholders by growing faster than competitors, growing EPS faster than revenue and generating strong cash flow over time. Now let me touch on how we're thinking about the rest of the year. As you know, we withdrew previously issued fiscal 2021 financial guidance during the first quarter. We saw strong demand in February and March, but we did see demand soften in the last month of the quarter given our direct model and end-user relationships. As a result, we expect Q2 revenue to be seasonally lower than prior years, which has typically been up to 6% to 8% sequentially from the first quarter. The latest data is pointing to a challenging environment, with global GDP expected to decline between 3% to 5% in 2020; and IT spending, excluding telecom, to be down 5% to 10%. While it's difficult to predict the shape of the slowdown and the recovery and the resultant impact on IT spending, our job is to prudently manage our business so that we are in a strong position on the other side of this crisis. We remain committed to delevering and achieving investment-grade ratings. Our intent remains to reduce core debt by approximately $5.5 billion in fiscal 2021, in addition to the debt repayment associated with the Q1 issuance, though this may be influenced by the macro and related business performance. So to close, these are unprecedented times but Dell Technologies is well positioned. are moving forward, winning the consolidation, integrating and innovating across Dell Technologies to create the future of technology infrastructure and creating long-term value for all stakeholders. This is our strategy and focus. And in a world that is increasingly looking for resiliency, reliability and innovation, we are uniquely positioned to emerge from this time as the essential technology company for the data era. So with that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow as many of you as possible. Erica, could you please introduce the first question?
Operator: We'll take our first question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Just real quickly, kind of thinking about the demand environment, particularly around the server space. Can you talk about how you saw demand pull forward in this last quarter, and what maybe the pipeline and activity looks like thus far in May and how you're currently seeing and characterizing the component pricing environment? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Aaron, a couple of things. If I look at the server environment, one of the things that you'll see from us is – or that we saw during the quarter, I should say, is our P&L performance was down minus 10% as you saw and we commented on. But from an order space and the mainstream space, it was minus 1%. From our perspective, we saw an improvement from last year's numbers or last year's performance to Q1. We saw demand in large business and in government for our server products, and that demand was all throughout the quarter. The same segments that we mentioned earlier, the small business and the medium business, they were impacted in the third month, as Tom and I referenced earlier. And then I think lastly, you had the financial services side, the health care side, the life sciences side have demand throughout the quarter as well that we saw. I wouldn't say we saw any indications, Tom, of a pull-in of demand. We certainly saw, in the demand and the demand strength in the areas that I referenced, the sequential improvement of our business. I'll let Tom add some color to that, and then I'll ask – answer about the cost environment.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey, it’s Tom. I would echo what Jeff said. I wouldn't characterize it as pull-in or anything of that. Obviously, this was more a quarter of the work-from-home, learn-from-home framework and customer focus. And so as we said on our talking points, there was – we did see overall weakness or softness in ISG more than we would have anticipated coming into the quarter. I would also add that Jeff's comment on the minus 1% from a demand perspective is that's a global demand ex China. So I just want to make sure you're clear on that.
Jeff Clarke: For servers…
Tom Sweet: For servers, yes, for servers. And – but look, I think the team navigated well. The environment from a pricing perspective was, I'll say, slightly more rational than what we've seen in the past but still very competitive. And I thought the team did a nice job sort of navigating through the demand environment this quarter. And then, Jeff, you want to comment on component cost?
Jeff Clarke: Yes. On a component cost environment, we saw Q1 deflationary. Our outlook is Q2 moves to an inflationary environment, and we think it's inflationary for the balance of the year.
Rob Williams: Perfect, okay. Just a reminder, one question for each person, if you don’t mind and Erica, we’ll move to the next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. I just wanted to follow up on the linearity question. What did you – what have you seen so far in May. And it sounds like you are planning for demand to get worse. You highlighted that spending is kind of correlated with GDP. GDP is going to be down. IT spend is going to be down 5% to 10%. That's how much it was down during the financial crisis, and your revenues fell more than 10% during that period. Is that the framework that you're thinking about now? Or are the changes to your business that you highlight suggest that you should do better? So I guess one really long-winded question around linearity around April and May. And then if I interpret your comments, it sounds like you actually think growth, particularly in enterprise, could get worse before it gets better given your outlook on GDP and IT spend.
Tom Sweet: Well. Hey, Toni, it’s Tom. Let me start. I mean we're obviously not immune to the global macro environment. And what we tried to do is give you a perspective on what we saw for demand as we came through the quarter. It's really early in May. So I don't really want to comment on the demand trends in May at this point just given where we are in the quarter. But look, if you look at what IDC is forecasting in terms of storage and server growth, it's clearly softening or soft – or weaker in Q2. They do forecast it to get stronger in the back half of the year. And then actually, back to positive growth in calendar 2021 as of right now with their forecast. So we're trying to be prudent as we think our way through the framework that we're navigating through businesses or – and customers across the globe are just coming back to work, in some instances. In other instances, they're still in a work-from-home environment. And so as we think about it, your comment around the financial crisis of 2008, 2009, I get your point, we are a different company from then until now given our broad set of diversified solutions, our recurring revenue streams. But look, I mean, I think the guidance we tried to give you was to give you some perspective on how we thought about the demand environment as we navigate through the through the second quarter. And then, Jeff, do you want to comment maybe?
Jeff Clarke: One thing to add to that, Tom, I think whatever that demand environment is, the way we're running the business is driving its relative share, taking share on how the market segments perform. We think we've done that in Q1. That will be certainly the task we have at hand in Q2, running the business to take relative share in those segments that we operate in.
Toni Sacconaghi: Okay.
Rob Williams: Now I think we’ll go to the next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks for putting my question guys. I guess, Tom, I heard you, towards the end of your commentary, talk about July quarter being up less than 6% to 8%, that's the historical number, I think. Do I read this as it should still be up, but perhaps a lot more muted versus what you've seen historically? Is that the right way to interpret what you said? And then in terms of margins, maybe how do we think about op margins and free cash flow? And specifically, is the expectation for fiscal 2021 margins being comparable to fiscal 2019, is that the right way to think about it even today?
Tom Sweet: Well. Hey, this is Tom So, look, again, I'm not going to parse the guidance. I would tell you that we do expect – the guidance we gave you is our best view right now on how we think about the quarter. From a margin perspective, I would tell you that, look, part of this is going to depend upon what happens with the component costs as we go through the year and what the pricing environment and demand environment looks like. Right now, we see the component cost environment as inflationary as we step through the rest of the year. We'll see how that holds up relative to the overall demand environment and whether that changes. And then the other part of the margin framework is going to just be the mix dynamic within the business. And so as of right now, I think that our margin dynamics, as we go forward, will have sort of those seasonal impacts that we typically have had given that, as you go through the year, ISG business has typically ramped with the strength in Q4. So you got to think about that in contemplation to the margin dynamics that we're looking at. So I mean, I think – again, I'm not going to get into specifics on how we see Q2 other than to tell you that we do expect it to be a little bit softer than historical norms. And so that's how we're thinking about the business right now from a P&L revenue perspective.
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, Amit. 
Amit Daryanani: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Tom, how should we think about your OpEx trajectory? You noted a bunch of initiatives around cost saves. Can you maybe help us size the totality of that magnitude of cost- saving efforts? And how much has sort of already flowed through in the quarter, if any? And how much is left to be realized?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey, Wamsi. The way I would think about it is, look, what we're trying to do is to protect the – as I think about liquidity, protect the business; make prudent, thoughtful moves relative to the uncertainty in the demand environment while making sure that we're taking care of our customers and our business and our team members. And so the actions today around global hiring freeze, reduction of consulting spend and all of those other items that I listed had positive impact in Q1, but it clearly wasn't a full quarter impact. As you think about – most of those things were put into place mid to late March, all into early April. And so you would expect those OpEx savings to build as you go through the year. What we're trying to make sure of is that we protect also the EBITDA generation of the company at a consolidated level. And so while I'm not going to frame or give you the overall impact of the OpEx levers that we're pulling, what I want to convey is that we want to be thoughtful stewards of the business, make sure we position the business properly. And protect liquidity and cash while also making sure that we make the necessary investments to position the company properly coming out of this crisis. And so I feel good about the – these are hard decisions, but I think we've made the appropriate decisions with what we know today. And we'll continue to look at the business, and we have available – other available levers if we need it.
Jeff Clarke: Yes. And those decisions have protected the things that we've invested in: capacity and coverage; the build-out of our storage, R&D and innovation, which is – that's showcased now with our PowerStore launch on May the 5th, and it is aligned with our strategy, which is to consolidate the core businesses that we operate in and to drive innovation and integration across the Dell Technologies companies to build differentiated solutions.
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, Wamsi.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Jeff, Dell clearly managed the supply chain better than peers. I'd love to hear how you think that opened up any cross-selling opportunities across the portfolio. And do you think the share gains that you saw in the first quarter are sustainable even as competitors catch up with their own backlog and supply chain disruption?
Jeff Clarke: Thanks for the question, Katy. Look, one of the things that we saw during the quarter, which I think is representative of the scale and capability of this company, I coined it in our remarks around this flight to quality. We saw customers really move to partners who could provide the end-to-end capabilities and services they need across all ranges of products. We saw that from smaller companies to the largest multinational companies around the globe. And that flight to quality, I think served us well. It really reinforces the breadth of our portfolio and then the superior execution of our supply chain. We were able to navigate the very difficult environment, I think, quite well: the speed at which we made decisions and pivoting supply and pivoting to facilities that we can operate in; the assessments that we made into our second level and third level of the supply chain component base, pivoting quickly. I think it's demonstrated in our Q1 PC performance. We were the only OEM to grow in Q1. We think we'll gain share, as we mentioned, in servers and in units and revenue in mainstream. And I think that continues into Q2 and through the year. I think that is a source of differentiation for us. The things that we've done to position our supply chain in a very differentiated way where we've taken this notion of digital supply chain and the very digital transformation that we talk about across lots of our customers and taking it to heart inside our supply chain; where we've automated across our planning, our procurement, manufacturing and logistics side; we have a data transparency where we can look at an end-to-end visibility of how our supply chain is performing; and then we've introduced predictive analytics that allow us to anticipate the movements we've made and move very quickly. And I think that again served us well. I think that's sustainable. I think it's differentiated. And I believe that will serve all of our businesses quite well going forward.
Rob Williams: All right. Thanks, Katy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeriel Ong with Deutsche Bank.
Jeriel Ong: Yes. Thanks for letting me ask the question. I understand it's tough to predict the future in terms of future revenue trends, but I do want to harp back the OpEx line, a line that you guys have good control over. For the latest quarter, it was down. Total operating expense is down about 1% year-on-year. I'm just wondering whether that leverage that you guys are generating your model can be sustained through the rest of the year and your sense of where OpEx trends are for the full year. Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Hey Jeriel, it’s Tom. Look, I do think that we – obviously, OpEx is something that we can control and are being very thoughtful about it. I do think that there is leverage in the P&L related to OpEx. The actions that we have taken to date, along with the recent decision on the 401(k) match suspension, we're obviously modeling different scenarios around demand trends and the impacts of the P&L within ranges. And we feel good about the actions to date relative to ensuring that we're protecting the liquidity and EBITDA generation for the – with what we know today. So I think the leverage is there. I think we'll continue to see efficiency in the P&L. And if the demand environment turns out to be very different than how we're thinking about it, then we'll take the appropriate actions to position the business properly. We're making sure that we're serving our customers while preserving and protecting the capabilities of the business. So Jeff, I don't know if you'd add anything, but…
Jeff Clarke: Spot on.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Jeriel.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Yes, hi. Thanks for the question. Tom, I just wanted to see if you could dig into the working capital change from COVID, the $900 million that you called out, or the cash flow change to be more specific. I know you're saying accounts receivable as well as inventory, and we see the $100 million accounting change on the receivables. But, just wondering how – did the receivables change become more of a structural thing as you allow people to pay a little bit slower through the year? Or is that more of a one-off? And then on the inventory, is that components? Can you dig into the composition of that inventory at all for us? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Hey Rod, let me start, and then I'll let Tyler also jump in. On the COVID-related items, I wanted to make sure we called out just that impact of working capital because it was unusual this quarter. And we saw that principally in our collections activity and in the inventory. And from our perspective, I think the team did a really nice job of being proactive, reaching out to customers, capturing, quite frankly, where were they in their disbursing cycles given the fact that many of them had been working from home, their businesses have shut down or, in fact, many of the government agencies that we were dealing with were in a work-from-home situation, which did not allow them to process and disburse. And so that's a long-winded way of saying I think we did a pretty good job of putting our hands around what we thought sort of the receivable dynamics look like as we ended the quarter. I don't expect it to be structural. And in fact, we made good progress on that $600 million in May. But I do expect that we'll continue to see some impact of COVID. I mean, I think it'd be unrealistic to think that we won't. I don't expect that to turn into a significant bad debt dynamic, but I do think it turns into a time of slower payment. And we saw a little bit with our aging creep as we finished the quarter. So it's not structural, in my opinion, on the receivables side. And then on the inventory side, it was more around having supply available for – to make sure that we satisfied our customers' demand, and that we'll work our way through that as we go through the second quarter. And then, Tyler, maybe you could address maybe the broader work – the cash question that really Rod's asking in the sense of cash flow generation and how we think about that.
Tyler Johnson: Yes. I mean, look, I think Tom said it in terms of the working capital impact, and we thought it was important to call that out as you are thinking about our debt pay down, the $5.5 billion that we're still focused on paying down, right? So look, I think the good news is, from a cash perspective, we started the year with excess cash. If you focus more on full year cash versus just a quarter of cash, we'll get that working capital benefit back. Obviously, we have RSA. The proceeds will come in later in the year. So then if you look at what's left over and the free cash flow generation necessary to pay down that debt, we feel good where we are. So I think that was really the main point of really calling that out.
Tom Sweet: Yes. And then Rod, remember that Q1 is seasonally our lowest cash-generation quarter, right? And it has historically been that way given some of the payouts related to bonus, the P&L – or the revenues typically sequentially down Q4 to Q1, which we saw again this quarter. And we generally build cash as we go through the year. And so there's some seasonality dynamics that you need to think about as well from a cash generation perspective.
Tyler Johnson: And maybe just one final point, as you're thinking about looking at the year-over-year compare. Just as a reminder, as we were going into Q1 last year. We had talked about working capital improvements, and we saw a pretty dramatic benefit from working capital in Q1 last year. So obviously, we're seeing a little bit of the opposite this year. So that definitely impacts the year-over-year compare.
Rod Hall: Great. Okay, thank you.
Tyler Johnson: Yes, thanks Rod.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. Jeff, since the PowerStore is now out, can you talk a bit about initial customer feedback, how you think it's going to roll through, share opportunity, anything you can give us? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Thanks for the opportunity to talk about PowerStore, Shannon. We're pretty excited about it. The reception has exceeded our high expectations. We've seen some really great reviews, some assessments of where the product is on a relative basis. The one that stands out in my mind is – it's being touted as the most important development in data storage hardware, setting the new benchmark for the industry. The pipeline is growing rapidly. We have over 70% of our storage specialists that already have had pipeline for PowerStore. And recall, we just started – we turned on the sales force in April, started shipping in April. We formally launched on May 5, and 70% of our storage specialists already have pipeline. For me, it really indicates that this demand that we're seeing from our customers that the product is very differentiated. We're excited with what we have built. There isn't anything like it in the marketplace. It has three main features, in my mind, that differentiates it from the rest of the marketplace. We've said time and time again, you've heard me talk about this in our sessions, it's a data-centric architecture. We clearly have built this around a container-based architecture that optimizes system performance, scalability and storage efficiency. For us, it's got 7x the IOPS and 3x the lower latency than our previous product, which just makes it the performance leader in the marketplace today. It does scale out, scale up, ultimate flexibility while guaranteeing a 4:1 data-to-reduction rate. We've built in automation into this or intelligence, so we have an AI engine in, very similar to what we've done on the PowerMax range of products. And then lastly, we think, that what's really going to drive it and the biggest form of differentiation is this flexible architecture and the adaptability and to really run applications on the array itself. You take that, and you put the wrap around the – or wrap around it our future-proof offer around anytime upgrade, seamless migration; you capture that with the broad end-to-end portfolio that we have, that we now have the entire portfolio simplified, modernized. Next month, Unstructured.NEXT, the last of the powering up of the portfolio will be delivered. It has a – we have a second-to-none position in external storage in the marketplace. And then if I take another couple of minutes, you add to what we've done with Dell Technology On Demand, the ability to work this as a service and various consumption models. We have a very, very modern way to consume and digest IT with the very best products in the marketplace. So we're pretty excited about the prospects to regain midrange share.
Rob Williams: All right, thanks Jeff. Thanks Shannon. Erica, next question?
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jeff Kvaal with Nomura.
Jeff Kvaal: Yes, thank you very much, gentlemen. I certainly appreciate your caution about offering much quantitative view about where business may be headed in the upcoming quarter. That makes sense. I think maybe another way to help guide us and understand what we might expect from you might be to help us with the trajectory of the business through February and March and then compare that a little bit more specifically to April. If you're able to share with us anything about the softness that you previously characterized, I would certainly be grateful.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jeff, it's Tom. So look, we are trying to be, obviously, as transparent as we think is appropriate, I would tell you that we saw the quarter started like most normal quarters do and then accelerated on us sort of in the last week of February, early March for a period of two or three to four weeks where, once the COVID crisis literally hit Europe and North America and accelerated, the various companies and governments and businesses around the globe made the decisions to shut down and work from home. That's generally where we saw the acceleration in our demand environment, principally in our CSG business. So there was a pretty significant surge of demand in that month of March, I'll say that, generally from fulfilling work-from-home orders, fulfilling learn from – distance learning, those dynamics. As we stepped into April, what we saw was we got through that initial surge where, quite frankly, companies were just trying to get people up and operating from a work-from-home environment. And the focus then continued to be on how do you optimize that environment, and that will continue. But what we saw was, again, the CSG surge sort of softened a little bit in April. And then the infrastructure spend, there's typical seasonality with linearity within a quarter where it tends to ramp quite a bit in April. It did ramp in April but not at historical norms. And so those are sort of the dynamics we saw as we went through the quarter. And so our comments to you today are just directed at we don't have great visibility into what the demand profile looks like as we go through the quarter and into the back half of the year. We think it's – we do think, as we think about seasonality of our business and normal sequentials that as we look at it today is we don't believe that the historical sequentials, from a revenue perspective, Q1 to Q2, are going to hold. And we want you to be a bit thoughtful about how you think about that, right? So that's our comment to you or that's our guidance to you. And we'll continue to run the business prudently. But Jeff, I don't know if you'd add anything on the demand environment that I just sort of highlighted.
Jeff Clarke: Not in the near term, but I think you hit all the high points, Tom. What would extend is we still see digital transformation occurring, in fact, accelerating through and after this crisis. We see a movement to hybrid multi-cloud continuing to accelerate through and after this crisis. We continue to see this path towards a fourth industrial revolution where we see the immense amount of data coming and the need for more automation, the more artificial intelligence, the more machine learning, more autonomous outcomes as a result of that. I think in the work from home that Tom just mentioned, again, I can't speak to what the demand will be next quarter, we don't know. What I do know is this has fundamentally changed how people work. And as a result of that, changing how people do the work in a world where people do work, it's going to create tremendous opportunity. We think there'll be opportunity in how we educate our youth going forward. We think there's going to be changes in the way of how medicine will be provided or health care will be provided in the future. We think about how people are working today where you have a PC installed base of 1.7 billion units. You have roughly half of those units incapable of running a Zoom or a Skype or a Teams session of any high quality. Those are all opportunities in time that bode well long-term. What Tom said about the near-term was spot-on. But the characteristics of technology, the need for technology bode very well.
Rob Williams: All right, thanks Jeff. Erica, one last question.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Hey, thanks so much, guys for fitting me in. I’m not the smartest guy but maybe the most handsome looking guy, I’m joking. With that being said, the capital program that you've laid out, goal to get investment rating or the metrics of it, it seems like it isn't changed, but then you removed or suspended your stock buyback. Can you help us understand about the timing? It sounds like you'd mentioned $5.5 billion debt pay down but then depend upon the markets and the stock buyback is suspended. Can you just kind of talk about, overall, what are the features you're looking at or variables to turn back on the stock buyback program? And the $5.5 billion, is there some hesitancy now behind it or just capital deployment overall returns? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jim, it's Tom, and I'll let Tyler jump in. Look, our intention around investment grade and the march back to investment grade hasn't changed. Obviously, again, we're trying to be thoughtful. We still are committed to the $5.5 billion. There is some dependency on how the business performs for the remainder of the year, as you might imagine, given cash generation. But in terms of how we're thinking about capital usage or capital use and how we want to structure the capital framework, nothing has really changed. We did suspend our share buyback. We thought that was prudent just given the uncertainty in the demand environment and wanting to make sure we preserved our liquidity and that we – where we focus liquidity, we focus it on debt pay down as a principal source. But look, I don't think anything has changed from our perspective. But you're hearing us say, hey, look, we're going to have to navigate through some uncertainty as we come through the coming quarters. And we – but we are committed to being back to investment grade. And as you and I have talked, Jim, that's going to be the decision of the various rating agencies. It's our job to sort of put the business in a position where they can make that decision.
Tyler Johnson: Yes. I mean, look, I'm not sure I have more to add other than there's no hesitancy in terms of the commitment, and we continue to have those conversations with the rating agencies. We just obviously have to see kind of how the business evolves over the coming quarters. But as I said earlier, at this point, I feel good about our ability to pay down the $5.5 billion.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Jim, remember, Tyler, earlier in the call, sort of outlined how we were thinking about cash generation and with the RSA sale and some of the other inputs of cash. I mean, the $5.5 billion seems – looks realistic to us at this point, and we'll just have to – we'll work towards – that's the framework for the year.
Rob Williams: All right. Hey, thanks, Jim. Thanks for the question, and thanks, everyone for joining us. Just a quick reminder, next week, Michael will be virtually participating in the Bank of America Technology Conference and he will be doing a keynote at 12:35 Central Daylight Time. We've also got our leaders of the various segments of our business – solution segments of our business participating in events throughout the June time frame. We've also got Tom and Jeff in events in mid-month and later this month. So we look forward to connecting with all of you virtually in a number of activities throughout the June time frame. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-02-27 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2020 Fourth Quarter and Year-end Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Robert Williams: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. With me today is our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, Jeff Clarke; our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. During this call, unless we indicate otherwise, all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified, and that VMware historical segment results have been recast to include pivotal results. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected during -- I'm sorry, from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck and SEC reports. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Clarke: Thanks, Rob. As Dell Technologies begins our fourth year as a combined company, we've never been better positioned to help our customers unlock the potential of all of the data coming their way. No one stores, processes, moves and protects more data than we do across any environment. No competitor enjoys our advantaged positions across physical and virtual infrastructure. Our investment in talent, innovation and breadth of capabilities gives us an advantaged starting position as we head into the data decade. I am optimistic, yet I know we have some hills to climb, that is evident in our FY '20 results. In FY '20, we delivered revenue of $92.5 billion and EPS of $7.35. Revenue grew modestly at 1%. We delivered strong profitability with operating income up 15%. I know you want to understand what is going on with Infrastructure Solutions Group results. So let's start there. In ISG, our FY '20 revenue was down 7% to $34 billion, but up 10% versus FY '18 as large enterprises that -- our large enterprise customers digested FY '19 CapEx investments in China slowed. Server and networking revenue declined in FY '20, but profitability was up as we didn't chase unprofitable server deals in a down market. Our long-term server share trajectory remains strong. We are winning in the consolidation, gaining approximately 590 basis points of share over the last 3 years, and we have been #1 in mainstream server revenue for 7 quarters according to IDC. In FY '21, we're planning for both the overall server market and our server revenue to return to growth, driven by higher value workload servers, increasingly more robust AI and machine-learning solutions and distributed IT requirements at the edge. According to IDC, mainstream server revenue is expected to grow at 3.3% in calendar year 2020, and we plan to grow at a premium to the IDC forecast.  Shifting to storage. Roughly 2.5 years ago, we began to take actions to stabilize the business and lay the foundation for growth. We have reclaimed over 300 basis points of share since 2017. One action, we have invested approximately $1 billion on a run rate basis into sales, coverage, capacity and marketing, including critical investment in storage specialists. This year, these specialists will reach full productivity. Earlier this month, we combined into 1 sales organization, and we will realize the next level of synergies and cross-sell opportunities, like selling more storage and data protection to our server customers. We have made considerable progress simplifying our storage portfolio, moving from over 80 products 2 years ago to roughly 20 today, including our new mid-range storage solution being evaluated now by dozens of customers. And by Dell Technology World in May, we will have refreshed our entire storage product lineup under the Power brand, completing a 2.5-year journey of modernizing our entire ISG portfolio. We have never been more competitive from top to bottom. We are planning to grow FY '21 storage revenue at a premium to the market with growth strongest in HCI, followed by core storage and data protection. Our team is tenured and ready to sell, the business is simplified and stabilized, and the portfolios -- is the best it's ever been. FY '21 is the year of ISG. FY '20 was an outstanding year for the Client Solutions Group with a record revenue of $45.8 billion, up 6%, with commercial up 11%. We shipped a record 46.5 million units during the calendar year. We executed well, taking advantage of tailwinds from the Windows 10 refresh cycle, declining component cost while navigating through CPU shortages and a dynamic tariff environment. What's more, we're winning in the consolidation, taking share and growing at a premium to the market. We have gained share for 7 years in a row according to IDC, and the plan is to continue this momentum as the market consolidates further. In FY '21, we expect the PC market to remain solid through the first part of the year before declining in the second half. This means we're facing a tougher compare as the windows 10 refresh wanes. IDC, PC units -- excuse me, IDC forecasts PC units to be down 7.1% this year. The result is a slowing CSG revenue, making growth in ISG that much more important but that's the advantage of our diversified business, including VMware. Our VMware business unit had another strong year with FY '20 revenue of $10.9 billion, up 12%, another year of double-digit revenue growth. And the business is well positioned going forward. For example, we have hundreds of thousands of VMware customers today and the combined workloads are running on the VMware installed base are bigger than all of the public clouds combined. And more customers have decided multi-cloud is the answer.  Couple VMware Cloud Foundation and NSX with our leading Dell EMC infrastructure, and we have the industry's best multi-cloud solution. The advantage of the Dell Technology Cloud as an operating model is that provides consistency across the entire ecosystem. In application development, we strengthened and simplified our approach with VMware's acquisition of Pivotal combining critical IP and go-to-market capabilities. With Project Pacific, VMware is integrating and embedding Kubernetes into vSphere. And with Tanzu, they are building an enterprise-grade container-based development platform, and it runs anywhere. In security, Carbon Black is integrated into our commercial PC security offering, and we are seeing promising attach rates already. Going forward, expect us to continue to innovate across the portfolio. We put together a model that allows us to work across Dell Technologies to do joint product planning and development, collaborative innovation and integration to deliver better end-to-end solutions for our customers. We are also seeing increasing customer traction with our co-engineered first and best solutions, including Dell Technology Cloud, Unified Workspace, VxRail with VCF and Smart Fabric Director with NSX. This is especially true when we collaboratively go to market as 1 unified Dell Technologies sales team to help our customers on their digital transformation journey. We do this with our largest customers today, and it is a unique customer experience that only Dell Technologies can provide. Customers love it, and it's driving differentiated growth. For this set of customers, we saw FY '20 revenue grow in every major line of business and 9% in total. Looking at the rest of our customer segment performance. Enterprise Preferred accounts, orders revenue grew 6%. Our commercial business orders revenue, excluding China, grew 9% in FY '20. The investments we have made in small and medium business have both delivered strong double-digit orders revenue growth in FY '20. This segment is especially valuable to VMware as we work together to reach downstream and growth of VMware customer base with Dell's direct reach in the mid-market. And the good news is the volume of VMware deals going through Dell is increasing across the board as we simplify and streamline our go to market. For example, in DFS, VMware originations grew 15% to $1.4 billion in FY '20. And when a VMware transaction includes a DFS payment solution, the transaction is more profitable, it's significantly larger in size, longer in duration and includes more services. We are still in the early innings of realizing our full go-to-market synergies with significant cross-sell opportunities. For example, we have approximately 30,000 server customers every quarter, and only half of them buy storage from Dell Technologies. To address this opportunity, we've rolled out our new global power-up program across all segments to enable selling across our lines of businesses, providing additional incentives and marketing programs to sell new lines of business to existing customers who do not purchase them today. While there is more work ahead, I am confident in our strategy, and we are increasingly well positioned for the long term. Our job is clear, ignite ISG growth, manage the Win 10 transition and drive Dell Technologies' synergies. Dell Technologies has no ceiling on the potential in the data era. We remain focused on maximizing value for our aligned shareholders. And now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. We are focused on maximizing value for all aligned shareholders across 5 levers: current operations, synergies, new opportunities in our corporate and capital structures, and we have made significant progress in each of these areas. Since 2017, our first full year as a combined company, we have grown revenue at a roughly 77% compound annual growth rate. We have reinvested between $4 billion and $5 billion per year in R&D. And since the EMC transaction, roughly $5.5 billion in M&A, primarily through VMware. At the same time, we are simplifying our solutions portfolio and corporate structure. Including the RSA transaction announced last week, we will have divested approximately $9 billion of nonstrategic assets on a gross basis, and we have paid down $19.5 billion gross debt since the EMC transaction, while continuing to optimize the amount of debt due in any one given calendar year. Today, we are increasing our previously announced fiscal '21 debt paydown target from $4 billion to approximately $5.5 billion, using the proceeds from the RSA divestiture. We remain committed to achieving investment-grade ratings, and are confident in reaching a 3x core debt leverage ratio by the end of the fiscal year. We are also announcing a share repurchase program of up to $1 billion over the next 24 months, effective immediately. Share repurchase provides an additional lever to help maximize value for shareholders as we opportunistically take advantage of what we believe is a significant discount in our stock price. Our overall capital allocation framework and financial policy remains unchanged, and we'll continue to principally focus on debt pay down. Turning to Q4. We continue to balance revenue and profitability through challenging market conditions, particularly in large enterprise and in China. Q4 revenue was $24.1 billion, up 1%. FX remained a headwind this quarter, impacting growth by approximately 100 basis points. Our deferred revenue balance grew 16% to $27.8 billion, driven by the sales of software maintenance and services. Our recurring revenue, which is the combination of deferred revenue amortization, utility and as a service model, is now approximately $6 billion or 24% of our quarterly revenue, and we will continue to focus on growing these offerings. Gross margin was up 4% to $8.4 billion and was 34.7% of revenue, up 120 basis points, driven by lower component costs, pricing discipline and mix shift to software. Operating expenses were $5.6 billion, up 4% due in part to investments we have made in sales coverage to broaden solution sales capabilities and target specific customer segments, including small and medium business. Operating income was up 4% to $2.8 billion or 11.5% of revenue. Our consolidated net income was $1.7 billion, up 6%, benefiting primarily from operating improvements and a reduction in interest expense. Our EPS was $2 for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.2 billion or 13.3% of revenue and a record $11.8 billion for the year. Over the last 2 years, we have generated over $22 billion of adjusted EBITDA. We generated $3.8 billion of adjusted free cash flow in Q4, up 49%, driven by strong profitability and working capital discipline. And our full year adjusted free cash flow was a record $8.9 billion, up 31%. We repaid approximately $1.5 billion of gross debt in the quarter or $5 billion for the year, in line with our fiscal '20 commitment. Shifting to our business unit results, Client Solutions group delivered strong Q4 revenue growth and profitability. Revenue was $11.8 billion, up 8%, as the team did a nice job working through CPU shortages. Commercial revenue was $8.6 billion, up 10%, including double-digit growth in commercial desktops and workstations. Consumer revenue was $3.2 billion, up 4% as we continued to prioritize CPUs to our commercial business. CSG operating income was $624 million or 5.3% of revenue. Profitability was driven primarily by component cost declines, pricing discipline and our commercial consumer mix. As Jeff said, we have work to do in the Infrastructure Solutions Group. ISG revenue was $8.8 billion, down 11%. Storage revenue was $4.5 billion, down 3%, with strong double-digit demand growth in HCI, offset by softness in core storage. Servers and networking revenue was $4.3 billion, down 19%, due in large part to a soft market, particularly in China and in certain large enterprise customers in the U.S. and Europe. ISG operating income was $1.1 billion or 12.7% of revenue. Our VMware business unit had another solid quarter. Revenue was $3.1 billion, up 12%, with operating income of $1 billion or 32.8% of revenue. And NSX, vSAN and EUC product bookings grew over 20%, mid-teens and over 30%, respectively. Dell Financial Services originations were a record $2.8 billion, up 30%, with record managed assets of $11.6 billion, up 19%. With DFS, we facilitate solution sales across Dell Technologies, driving incremental recurring revenue and operating income. Across the portfolio, we are offering our customers' choice with industry-leading as-a-service and flexible consumption solutions through Dell Financial Services. With our data center utility, Flex On Demand and PC as a Service offerings, we now have approximately $3.5 billion in flexible consumption model assets under management, and our flex -- FY '20 flexible consumption billings totaled nearly $900 million. Turning to our balance sheet and capital structure, we ended the quarter with $10.2 billion of cash and investments. Our total debt ended the year at $52.7 billion. Because our total debt includes VMware's debt obligations, DFS funding where the majority is non-recourse to Dell and the over-collateralized margin loan, we feel core debt is more representative of the core Dell debt service obligations. Our core debt ended the year at $33.8 billion, down $5.5 billion in fiscal '20. Our core leverage ratio ended FY '20 at 3.2x down a full turn from 4.2x at the beginning of the year. Core debt excludes our DFS-related debt, which has grown with the increase in our financing originations. Majority of our $9.3 billion of DFS-related debt is nonrecourse to the company and is backed by high-quality receivable streams, it's important to note that it does not require cash flow from operations to pay down. Moving to guidance. We continue to monitor the macroeconomic and IT spending environments, including current softness in large enterprise in China. We also monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our sales and supply chain. We expect the Win 10 refresh to continue into the first half of fiscal '21. While CPU shortages have improved, we expect them to continue through at least the first half of the year. And as discussed in our Q3 earnings call, we expect the component cost environment to be inflationary in fiscal '21, a headwind to margins. We also talked about our operating income percentage trending closer to fiscal '19 levels on the Q3 call. Because of these factors, and assuming the RSA sale closes in Q3, we expect fiscal '21 GAAP revenue of $91.8 billion to $94.8 billion; operating income of $3.4 billion to $4 billion; and EPS of $0.37 to $1.07. We expect our non-GAAP revenue range for the current fiscal year to be $92 billion to $95 billion; our non-GAAP operating income range to -- is $8.9 billion to $9.5 billion; and our non-GAAP EPS guidance range is $5.90 to $6.60; our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 18.5%, plus or minus 100 basis points. This full year guidance does not factor in any potential COVID-19 impact. Like our customers, our top priority is ensuring the health and safety of our employees and communities. We do anticipate a negative impact on our normal Q1 seasonality driven by softness in China, our second largest market. We will manage the supply chain-related dynamics with extended lead times for certain products, particularly in client. In closing, last year, we leaned on CSG growth with PC demand driven by Win 10 refresh and CSG margin expansion given the favorable component cost environment. This year, we will lean on ISG growth and share gains. As Jeff said, fiscal '21 is the year of ISG. We see great potential and possibilities at Dell Technologies as we enter the data decade. We will continue to focus on winning in the consolidation in our core hardware markets and delivering differentiated value by innovating and integrating across the business for our customers, our investors and our employees. Our model is focused on long-term profitable growth, and is advantaged given our ability to adjust as needed based on market conditions. We are focused on growing faster than competitors in the industry, growing operating income and EPS faster than revenue over the long term and generating strong cash flow. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's go to Q&A. (Operator Instructions) Erica, can you please introduce the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs. 
Roderick Hall: I guess, I wanted to focus on the DFS expansion, and just see if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of why that expanded faster this quarter. And is that a signal that you guys intend to use DFS more aggressively as we look forward into the next fiscal year.
Thomas Sweet: Rod, it's Tom. So hey, look, I think we've been very pleased with the DFS growth and their ability to facilitate the selling of our solutions across our customer base and provide the necessary financing capabilities and we've seen great receptivity of the Flex On Demands, and the flexible consumption models and the utility models that we've been driving through the business. We were very pleased with the -- what we saw in Q4 in terms of the family of Dell Technologies, principally VMware utilizing the financing capabilities to help drive sales. And obviously, you saw that in the origination numbers. And so I think we're ending the year with roughly over $11.8 billion in managed assets. We're pleased with that. You know, Rod, obviously, that we've financed the DFS business using the securitized debt, for the most part, securitized by the financing receivables. And so that structure works very efficiently. So relatively inexpensive cost of capital. And we're going to continue to drive it. It's proven to be a facilitator of our selling people -- our team members, I should say. And we think that we can continue to grow originations and continue to drive solutions. And with the demand that we're seeing around flexible consumption models and as-a-service models, I think we're excited by that economic framework and the ability of our -- of DFS to continue to provide that type of capability.
Jeffrey Clarke: Rod, I would add to that. I mean, so much so that we launched a program called Dell Technologies On Demand last November, which packages our consumption, our various as-a-service, our metering usage capabilities and look at some modern way customers want to digest or ingest IT. And I think you're going to see us continue to build upon the programs that allow us to give our customers the flexibility they need to consume IT in a variety of ways, whether it's pay as you grow, Flex On Demand, some of the data center utility that Tom mentioned. We think it is the wave of the future. We think we have a very differentiated offering that you're able to consume IT from us without being forced to use our managed services or various services. You can pick and choose as you please. And we offer this capability across the entire portfolio from our PCs to our servers, all the way to our infrastructure gear. And then earlier this week, you might have seen, on the Dell Technology Cloud, our VxRail plus VMware Cloud Foundation, we added a subscription service capability along with that. So I -- look, I think, as Tom said, this is a key component. It's sticky with our customers, and it's how they want to -- increasingly want to consume I.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: I guess, to start off with -- can you just talk about -- Jeff, I think you mentioned fiscal '21 to be the year of infrastructure segment or something thereabouts. Can you just help me understand, what does that really mean for Dell. Is there a growth bogie, a revenue bogie that you have when you made that statement? Or how do you deal with operating margins, maybe that's it. But I'm sort of trying to understand, what is the year of infrastructure segment mean for the company?
Jeffrey Clarke: Look, I think Tom and I will kind of ham and egg this together. But if you step back and you look at our business and the fact that we think the Windows 10 transition on the CSG side, last year, the first half of the year, and then we'll be facing tougher compares. And for us to hit the revenue guidance that Tom mentioned earlier, our ISG has to perform better than it did in FY '20. It's that simple. And then if you think about a core construct of the strategy of the company is to win in the consolidation, in this case, win in the consolidation of the core server market, win in the consolidation of the core storage market, we have to outperform the market, and that requires us to grow. Yes, we have growth bogies for our business.  We have a gain share plan and a revenue share gain. I'm not going to give those numbers out. It's implied in the guidance that Tom gave. And we have to see the ISG perform on a year-over-year basis, it has to be a dramatic improvement. I mean, you heard the numbers that we talked about where the whole business was down over the year and our Q4 performance wasn't where Tom and I would have liked it. So as we think about what will change -- because if I would guess your next question is, what will be different? Why will it be the year of ISG? And I think you have to look at it from maybe 2 components, the server side and the storage side. I'll start with storage. We have invested a lot in capacity and coverage. That capacity and coverage is increasingly more tenured. We'd head into FY '21 with the most tenured productive capacity we've had in our storage sellers, period. You couple that with the completeness of the product portfolio or if you prefer the overhaul of the product portfolio that we spent the last 2.5 years modernizing that stack. It's completed by mid-year. So our belief is, and why it's part of the gain share plan in storage is a modern competitive portfolio, best-in-class in many areas with the most tenured sales force that we have in storage. That's our growth plan.
Thomas Sweet: Jeff, I would add on the storage comment. Just that as we look at the opportunity to cross sell and the synergy opportunity there between our server buyers and those buyers that buy storage, it's roughly a 3:1 ratio or something like that of servers to storage. There's an opportunity there to cross sell with the more tenured sales organization with the coverage expansion that we're driving. I think we're -- feel good about the opportunity to go mine that customer base and expand the customer base for storage. I think that's the other thing that, as we think our way through what's different about fiscal '20 versus fiscal '21, that's going to be important for the folks on the phone to think about. You want to talk about servers real quick?
Jeffrey Clarke: I'm happy to add servers on top of that as well. When you think about servers and our performance this year. If you step back and over the last 3 years, I think we mentioned in our remarks, roughly 590 basis points of share gain. We've added $4 billion of server revenue left over the last 3 years. Calendar '19, fiscal '20 was a year of digesting the large capital investments of the 2 previous years. Surveying of customers, the IDC outlooks are vastly improved for the demand profile in calendar '20 than they were last year at this time. So we're optimistic that the demand comes back. We have historically ran at a premium. We've run at a premium to the point where we've taken share -- a pretty significant share, as I mentioned, over that 3-year period. We've become the #1 server provider in the marketplace, and we think that's a catalyst for growth. And that's how we built our plan this year.
Thomas Sweet: Yes. And just to remind everybody, we have, for most of the year, this year, talked about, quite frankly, the challenges we've seen in the server space, principally around China and around North America Enterprise, that large bid business, and we've chatted about that over the last calls that we've done. So when you think about the fact -- look, I mean, overall, server revenue's down roughly 14% year-over-year. You dissect that and you look back at our demand or our orders velocity and while server revenue is down 14% on a ship basis, if you dissect that, China demand's down roughly 35%, and the rest of the world's down roughly 5%.  So what does that translate to? It really means that we saw above-market growth in areas like North America, commercial, medium business, small business in Latin America, we saw market growth or our market rate growth in APJ and EMEA, and the softness was in China and within that North American Enterprise space, which was roughly down double digits there. And so look, I think we understand where the soft spots have been. China will continue to navigate -- situationally, we're focused on expanding the buyer base there. We're focused on changing that business model to make sure that we expand the server buyer base over time and derive lifetime value for the customers that we acquire. And obviously, there's dynamics there, with the coronavirus that's going on now, but we're going to work -- we'll continue to work our way on the business model in China. And so we're really focused on how do we drive velocity back into the business, while being thoughtful about profitability.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: I was just wondering if you can comment on sort of your longer-term outlook. I think before you became public, you talked about 4% to 6% revenue growth at the Analyst Day in the fall, you said 4%, plus or minus 1%, which is 3% to 5% top line growth. And if I look at your 4 years, last 4 years, your revenue growth has been, 1, 1, 2, and 3 and 13. So you've been 1 or 2 for 3 of the 4 years. And ex-Vmware, you really -- you haven't grown in essentially 3 of the 4 years. So it does feel like you've become increasingly cautious about your long-term outlook. And I'd like -- if you could explain why that is. And should we be thinking about core Dell, ex-VMware sort of flattish on a go-forward basis in the top line, given the historical track record and sort of given the nebulous commentary around longer-term growth provided in your slide deck.
Thomas Sweet: Toni, it's Tom. So look, I would think about it like this. So I think over the last 3 years, we've had a compound growth rate at the top around 7%. And yes, there has been variability by year. And much of that has been situational on where the market is. And even if -- so if you're in a down market, and you're growing at a premium. It's still a -- their growth rates continue to have been under some pressure, to your point. But our model is built on long-term growth and consolidation of the market and share gain. I think what you've seen us do is navigate our way through the environment that we've been in. So fiscal '18 and fiscal '19 was clearly the year of velocity where we added roughly $11 billion of revenue to the business. Fiscal '20 has clearly been one where we've had to navigate through what I would call a tough sort of infrastructure spend environment, and we leaned into the client business.  And so -- and at the same point in time, generated extra --I think, strong profitability and cash flow as we navigated through the business. So your point's valid in the sense of, yes, we've had to navigate through it. Look, I think, longer term, what we've talked about is the fact that we'd like -- we think our growth is sort of going to mirror GDP. And so the range we gave you for next year sort of has the GDP range as it exists today at that upper end of the range. Obviously, we're trying to be thoughtful around the dynamics in the environment right now, although our guidance doesn't specifically include coronavirus. But again, you're looking at a market in FY '21 for us, or fiscal '21, that you've got an IDC forecast of negative, I think, 7 or negative 8 in the client business, so we're going to grow at a premium there.  You've got an IDC forecast that essentially says low single-digit growth in mainstream server revenue, and you've got an IDC forecast that essentially is relatively flat on external storage. And so even with the growth premiums we're driving, it does create a bit of growth dynamics that we're going to have to work our way through. But I think we're bullish in the long term on the overall business. Yes, VMware has been clearly been a positive from a growth story. And we have driven a lot of synergies with VMware in the context of driving velocity for VMware, and we'll continue to do so. So look, we have been, I think, tried to be thoughtful about how we're guiding the business in the context of the environment we're in, I think we're bullish in the long term, but we're going to have to navigate through some of the short-term dynamics that we're seeing.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Tom, can you talk a bit about the comfort level with cash generation, given some of the puts and takes with the weakness in TCs that's coming theoretically because of coronavirus, but they may be getting back toward the end of the year. And then also just in terms of the amount of investment you need to make. And then just a below-the-line question, think you can talk a little bit about some of the puts and takes, interest in the equity line and all of that, just so we can make sure we're all in the same camp in terms of where we should be for fiscal 2021?
Thomas Sweet: Great. Thanks, Shannon. Let me start on the cash and then Tyler is here. So I'd also -- I also would like him to comment on any additional insight. So look, I think we feel good about -- with what we know today about our cash flow forecast. We did up it given the RSA -- or did up the debt repayment given the RSA transaction that's scheduled to close in, I think we're estimating Q3 time frame at this point. Yes, the coronavirus is a -- has created some level of uncertainty, if you will, and we signaled in the guidance conversation that I had in my prepared remarks that we did expect our sequentials -- or normal sequentials from Q4 to Q1 to be softer as a result of the coronavirus impact. We are not looking at that at this point with what we know that, that isn't -- that it affects the full year.  The question that we've been thinking our way through is, as we look at the impact of the coronavirus is, there's 2 principal impacts right now. One is in our domestic China business, which has been, obviously, with the Chinese economy softening, and given the -- what they're going through to try to contain the virus. We do expect an impact in Q1 in the China business itself. And then the question becomes to this extent that there's supply chain or lead time dynamics, how do you think about demand as a perishable, or does it defer? I think our thinking right now is that, to the extent that it's the only demand that we see that is perishable at this point is that consumer demand, where they want to buy a product now, and if you don't have the right product or the lead times don't work, perhaps they move elsewhere.  Now, we'll obviously continue to refine that as we move forward and learn more about impacts. But I do think for the full year, we feel good about our cash forecast at this point in time. We've got a very efficient working capital model. I think if you look at the amount of debt coming due, I think it's very, very manageable this year. And our whole goal was to get ahead and try and drive some of the future maturity stacks down. And Tyler, maybe you can comment on that?
Tyler Johnson: Shannon, maybe a couple of additional points. So one, obviously, we're -- if you look at the balance sheet and where we ended cash, right, we're ending it at very healthy levels. So I feel good about that. And then Tom talked about some of the dynamics in China. And if you think about where our cash is generated and what we actually use to really run the company, the cash in China is not always immediately accessible. So from a liquidity perspective, it's not necessarily an impact in terms of what I'm using kind of for day-to-day liquidity.
Robert Williams: And then the below-the-line question?
Thomas Sweet: Oh, yes. So page -- I think if I point you to the slide deck, where we lay out the -- and I think it's like Page 26 or Slide 26 in the deck where we talk about the F&O impact. If you look at that this year, what you essentially see is about $2.8 billion below the line, principally made up of interest expense and some FX costs. The way I think about it is, if you roughly think about the fact that for FY '21, we should have reduced interest expense at the Dell level, Dell EMC level, if you will, roughly a couple of hundred million dollars. We are getting -- VMware has additional debt and less interest income. So you've got an offset of that couple of hundred million by say, $100 million or so and then you got FX. And we don't forecast the gains coming out of the venture portfolio. That will happen as it happens or not. And so we think the right number to be thinking about is between roughly $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion at the F&O line. It's in that range. And I would think from a share count perspective, you ought to be in sort of that 760-ish -- $760 million range, given some of the dilution we're seeing out of the equity program. So that's sort of rough math. Now you know that share count will fluctuate depending upon, obviously, share price and not of exercises, but that's sort of the number that we've been modeling.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Huberty: Tom, first to you. Should we think about the share repurchase that was announced today as potentially the start of a bigger capital return program once you get to investment-grade? And then just wanted to ask a follow-up for Jeff, given the importance of storage, the ISG business, can you just talk about what happened to delay the midrange storage launch, whether you think there's a revenue impact from that delay?
Thomas Sweet: Katy, it's Tom. Let me talk a little bit about the share repurchase, which is -- we have always thought about, at the appropriate time, a shareholder value, shareholder return program. I think as we thought about it, and given where we were in our debt repayment schedule and our ability to continue to pay down debt, we thought it was appropriate and timely, if you will, to put in a share repurchase plan. Now, obviously, it's $1 billion over 2 years, and we're going to be thoughtful about -- and a bit opportunistic. We think our stock is trading at a discount that doesn't quite make sense to us. And so we're going to begin to take advantage of that. I do think, to answer your second part of the question, which is, I think we have in the past said once we hit investment-grade, we would have -- the capital allocation framework would adjust and changed so that we are create -- having some type of a shareholder value creation opportunity for our shareholders. And so yes, I think this is the first step in that journey. We are obviously focused on making sure that we hit our commitments around debt repayment. That is a -- the primary use of our capital at this point in time and as we work our way back to investment-grade. And -- but I do think that a shareholder return or shareholder value comp framework makes sense as we move forward.
Jeffrey Clarke: Midrange.
Thomas Sweet: Midrange.
Jeffrey Clarke: Katy, so let me tell you where we're at, what we've done and then you can ask a follow-up question if I'm not clear enough. So first of all, we delivered a number of arrays to our beta program, quite honestly, the largest beta program that we've ever run in the history of the company in Q4. So we have dozens upon dozens of customers that have the product in their hands today, and we're really pleased the feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. From the flexibility of the platform to the absolute performance of the platform.  So we're excited with what we're hearing to date. It is late. I committed to be done by the end of the year. It didn't get done by the end of the year. That's on me. And the reason that it's late is being the quality and reliability leader in the marketplace, I was pushing us to really drive on the customer experience side and learn from the last mega launches that we've done in storage. And what we learned during that studying of how do we enable a quick launch with our sales force, we wanted to do the broadest at-scale system test we've ever done. That's what we did. Quite honestly, I underestimated how long it would take. And as a result, we've been late as sort of the byproduct of that decision that I made to do a larger -- the most comprehensive at-scale system test. But it gave us an opportunity to address what we've learned in the beta program. It gave us an opportunity to keep our sales force focused on year-end of the last fiscal year.  Two weeks ago, we stood up in front of the entire sales force, we trained them on the Midrange.NEXT platform. They're excited about it and we will begin selling the product before the end of this fiscal quarter in Q1, and there is no material impact to our revenue plans in storage or the midrange. We're actually quite excited. When we think about the midrange, Tom mentioned earlier, that yes, calendar '20 storage forecast is actually slightly down. But the midrange is expected to grow about 4.5%. It's the area where we've been most challenged. And with this product, we really crispened up the mid to the high end of the midrange portfolio and with our Unity XT platform, which is performing quite well, we have a really comprehensive coverage of the midrange storage marketplace, which is the largest segment, and we're pretty excited about the prospects there. We need to get the product done. It will be done. We will be taking orders and delivering before the end of the quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about where you are with portfolio reorganization. Clearly, you had a decision to sell RSA. Wondering what sort of prompted that from a timing perspective? And then, I mean, historically, EMC had done a ton of acquisitions. There's a lot that's buried in there that I don't know how core Dell used that or not. So any color on where you think the portfolio changes, if there are more to go and magnitude of those and the users potentially of that, would that be more towards capital return, if they were to happen.
Thomas Sweet: Wamsi, it's Tom. So I think what we have said consistently over the last year or 2 has been that we continue to look at the corporate structure and the capabilities and the assets that we have within the family. And as you recall, shortly after we combined the companies, we did sell the services -- the legacy Dell Services business, the software business and the...
Robert Williams: ECD.
Thomas Sweet: ECD business. Thank you. And so look, we continue to look at it. But we're triggered the RSA -- decision was essentially, as we continue to look at our security strategy, we are increasingly focused on intrinsic security. How do we build security into the core of the products. RSA is a nice asset. I think our perspective was that if it wasn't going to be core to our security platform and strategy, that was probably better to do something different with that asset, and put it in the hands of an ownership structure that was going to optimize the platform and optimize the asset. And so that was the decision to sell. I think the team did a nice job running the process.  We're going to continue to evaluate the rest of the portfolio. And assume -- thinking through the alignment of assets, the alignment of capability with where we're headed strategically in a number of areas, including security and data management, data services. So all of those areas are of interest to us. Obviously, I don't want to go over my skis here. So but our commitment to you is that we'll continue to think about where is the right -- what capabilities do we need to own, what capabilities do we partner for, what capabilities should not be part of the family. And we'll continue to simplify their corporate structure. Because that's been -- continues to be feedback around the complexity of the Dell Technologies' portfolio. And obviously, we want to think our way through thoughtfully where what capabilities belong in the family and what capabilities are better off outside of the family.
Jeffrey Clarke: Well I think, Tom, to add to that, maybe more of a product and offer and IP point of view, we've made a tremendous amount of progress simplifying the portfolio, consolidating IP, changing the way that we build integrated products across the Dell Technologies companies. So if you think about the work we've done now with Carbon Black, Unified Workspace, VMware, Dell PCs, Dell services and building an integrated platform that we can sell a modern PC experience by, you're going to see us consolidate more of our technology that way, where I point to Dell Technology Cloud, the work that we've done with VMware, with being more cloud foundation, VxRail, now a series of offers that we're building around that and the multi-hybrid cloud world that we operate in, yet another form of a consolidation of portfolio and simplifying our offers to our customers. Remember, the second component of our strategy, I mentioned the first one was all about win in the consolidation, the other one is to go build deeply integrated solutions that drive incremental value for our customers, which is really about simplifying the individual products across the portfolio and building integrated solutions. And we spent a great deal of time there. You'll see us do more of that going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeriel Ong with Deutsche Bank.
Kanghui Ong: So it seems -- I want to kind of maybe just paint a picture a little bit and think about ISG, there's a little bit more bullishness in ISG for the year. And I think you've kind of painted your storage picture in terms of then having products in the mid-range, et cetera, so I can kind of see your point of view there. But on the server networking side, it seems like the year-on-year growth has kind of declined more and more with each passing quarter. So what gives you confidence in that turning around and contributing to growth for the full year?
Jeffrey Clarke: Well, I think I'd point back to the earlier question and comments that Tom and I made. You're clearly right. When we look at the performance over the fourth quarter, there was a deceleration of the store -- of the server business. I recall correctly minus 9, minus 12, minus 16, minus 19, for the annual number that Tom represented, minus 14. If you break that down, it really is concentrated in Greater China. Greater China was down 35% on an orders basis over the year. Rest of the world was minus 5%. Inside that minus 5%, what slowed down was our North America enterprise business. In other words, we actually grew in small business, medium business, North America, commercial and LatAm. We grew at market in APJ and in EMEA, and then the 2 hotspots are the ones that we've called out consistently have been China and North America Enterprise. Tom talked about the China market and the dynamics that's going on there, so I think the real follow-up question is "What are we doing differently in North America Enterprise to change our performance?"  And as we think about that, we're driving a -- if you will, a different coverage alignment. We're going back through the coverage models. We're enhancing that because at the core, we have to grow the buyer base. And if I think about the number of PC customers that we have across our enterprise accounts and the number of server customers that we have in our enterprise accounts, there is a big drop off between the 2. And we need to cross sell. We're already in those accounts. Yes, they are different buyers inside those different customers but we have to bring our end-to-end capability across the customer set and cross-sell and expand what we sell in each of those customers and change the coverage map, so we can bring on new customers to the fold. That's fundamentally the work that's underway. We have some new programs inside the corporation. You would not know about it, but we've trained our sales force 2 weeks ago on this, a power-up program, which is essentially allowing us to go build cross-sell, build the buyer base, bring seed units and marketing programs and incentives for us to expand the buyer base across the various segments, in this case, North America Enterprise, our largest customers.  We're pretty optimistic there. We see that our sales force is more tenured, again, bringing back that notion of a more tenured sales force is a more productive sales force, and we're going to lean on that as we head into this fiscal year. So that's what is changing. The market's better, too. Depending on how you look at it, the x86 market's forecasted to be up 1%. That's 5 points better than the same time last year. Mainstream place -- space, where we predominantly operate is projected to be or forecasted to be up 3.3%. We're going to grow at a premium. Content rate's up. Our exposure to high-value workloads is increasing. Those drive higher TRUs. And we're pretty optimistic about our ability to take share and outperform the marketplace broadly across the server market. Tom, anything to add?
Thomas Sweet: No. I would just also comment on the fact that with that higher content and with the commodity cost inflation that's being forecasted, you would see a positive impact on TRUs as you think about how you're adjust -- you'll adjust pricing as you go through the year. So that's also a benefit to top line.
Jeffrey Clarke: Exactly. All right.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: One of the comments that was made during the prepared remarks was the 3:1 ratio, as far as your server customers that actually purchase the storage portfolio. I'm curious if you could help us understand how that's evolved over the past 12 or 24 months. What does that look like, call it, 1 year or 2 ago? And how do you think about driving that? What kind of initiatives have you put in place? And how would you define success in that ratio looking forward?
Jeffrey Clarke: Well, in the prepared remarks, I believe I said we have roughly 30,000 server customers a quarter and less than half buy our storage. I didn't say that, that's certainly what I meant to say.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. You did.
Jeffrey Clarke: Look, if you look at the long-term trend there, the server component of that buyer base is modestly growing and the storage one isn't. That has been our challenge. And the capacity and coverage that we put in place is intended to change that direction -- change that trajectory. It takes longer for a sales person, a sales maker, a sales specialist in stores to come up the productivity ramp. So I think Tom and I have made reference throughout the session this afternoon that the tenured productivity of our storage sellers is the greatest it's been as we head into fiscal '21. That's important to us. That is a driver. So if you think about more tenured productivity, broad coverage of the marketplace, a more competitive product line from top to bottom, that's the lever that we are going to drive our storage business with.  And then I just made reference in the previous question to a program that we put in place called Power Up, which is, again, an internal program, centered around driving cross-sell and upsell of our portfolio, winning new customers. It really is about seed units, promotional offers, we're putting sales incentives in place. In fact, Tom and I improved a sales compensation plan that incents our sales force to sell multiple lines of business and account. So if you start with -- we have the most customers in our PC division, the next most customers in servers and the next most customers in storage, cross-selling, incenting our sales force to sell more lines of business as we move down the stack is certainly where we've tilted the compensation plan this year.
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Jeff, the other thing I think that's important to comment on, as we talk about storage and storage velocity is the velocity of the VxRail capability and product solution set, right? I mean, that's growing plus 60% year-over-year, and so there's great velocity in our ACI solution capability that will continue where it's appropriate for the workloads, we're clearly focused on driving that. And then I think as part of this -- you've mentioned the more tenured sales organization, but also, we need -- we called out the fact that since we have combined the selling organizations, we have adjusted coverage models to reach farther into the customer population.
Jeffrey Clarke: We freed up capacity.
Thomas Sweet: To drive a selling motion that touches more customers. And so it's going to be -- there's no 1 magic bullet here. This is going to be a combination of the mid-range capability we're bringing online, the coverage model expansion, the marketing programs and the tenure of our capacity, so -- selling capacity. So those combined, coupled with great velocity in our VxRail capability, I think, all point to opportunities for us to grow.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thanks for the color that you gave around your vision for ISG for the -- looks for the year '21. That's pretty helpful. But I guess my question is, given that you've been making these investments around capacity and coverage, and commentary from competitors that imply that they're seeing more aggressiveness from Dell. I guess, I would have expected fiscal 4Q results to have trended a bit more towards stable, I guess, to better reflect that. So could you just help us understand maybe if there were some specific puts and takes that were unique to this quarter? Or if the headwinds that you saw in North America were incremental to what you've been seeing? So maybe if you could just help us flesh that out a little better.
Thomas Sweet: Yes. Look, I think our philosophy here as we have navigated through the year, this year has been to where we think it's appropriate to be aggressive to when customer business that we think has longer-term value, then we'll be appropriately aggressive in terms of acquisition pricing to win that business. As we went through the -- and so I don't really think -- and where quite frankly, it doesn't make sense or where we don't see long-term value, and there's the competitive dynamics of the competitive pricing environment haven't made sense to us, you have seen us step back from some of that business. And I think essentially, we saw a couple of things. As it relates to servers in the North America Enterprise, large enterprise space, for instance, the number of bids is down and the price aggressiveness on most of those contracts or bid opportunities has been quite aggressive.  And so we have been selective in where we have chosen to participate, and then you get into decisions around do you have other lobs that you're selling to that customer? What's the customer overall profitability look like? Do you have the opportunity to recover some of that aggressive pricing over time. And that's the balance. And the needle that we've been threading as we've gone through the year. And as a result of that, you saw softness in North America Enterprise. I'll talk to China in a second. And so look, did we -- do see anything incremental in Q4? I think the trends that we've talked about have essentially continued in Q4, in terms of the aggressiveness of the pricing, and the cycle time on opportunities is clearly longer. And so that's been a dynamic that we just had to work our way through.  And so as you think then and pivot into fiscal '21, you said, well, what's different, well, the market is supposed to be better, we've got better coverage. I think the dynamics around our reach into selling organizations to cross-sell opportunities are all going to be positive for us in the coming year. And on the storage side, it's been the -- we've had great success with our VxRail product. We've seen softness in the core array. Again, that infrastructure space has been soft. We've taken share, a firm 270 to 300 basis points of share over the last 3 years. We've been navigating through what I think has been a challenging environment there. But I think as we step into FY '21, I think we're better positioned from a coverage model and from a solution perspective. And so look, I think it's a -- those are the navigation we've had to do as a result of that. Granted, there was some revenue pressure clearly in the ISG space, but yet, we drove great profitability across the business and strong cash flow. And so it's all about how do you balance the model given the market that we see and that we participate in.
Robert Williams: All right. Well, good. Well, thanks, Simon. We're going to wrap up there. Just as a reminder, we'll be at Morgan Stanley next week in San Francisco. And we will be hosting an IR track at Dell Technologies World. We'll begin that the evening of May 3 and continue on the 4. So hopefully, we'll see many of you there, and there'll be additional information in the coming weeks on that event. So thanks for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q3  (2019-11-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2020 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to turn to calling over to Robert Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Erica, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today are Vice Chairman, Jeff Clarke; our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. During this call unless we indicate otherwise all references to financial measures refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EPS, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that our growth percentages refer to a year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Finally, I’d like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties which are discussed in our web deck and SEC reports. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I’ll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Clarke: Thanks, Rob. At our September business update with investors I talked about our two focus areas. First innovating and integrating across Dell Technologies to create the technology infrastructure of the future and second innovating to win in the industry consolidation. We're making solid progress on both which is what I will update you on today plus I'll give you my take on the demand environment. Customers are looking for to Dell Technologies to help them reinvent and automate all parts of their business essentially help them build the infrastructure of the future so they can quickly respond to market trends, customer needs and drive business outcomes. This drives long term value for our customers and for us. It also drives us to innovate and invest in new technologies that are simpler, faster, and more capable even autonomous. All designed to be consumed the way customers want based on their business needs. We continue to invest in our Power portfolio across ISG which represents our best innovation and capabilities for the data era. We ship PowerMax with storage class memory and industry first-to-market and it's now 50% faster. In September, we announced that PowerProtect DD Series that now features a modern software stack with 38% faster backups and 36% faster restores. Most recently at our Dell Technology Summit earlier this month, we introduced our all-in-one autonomous infrastructure PowerOne. Part of the Dell Technologies cloud portfolio, PowerOne helps customers simplify their path to hybrid cloud combining PowerEdge Compute, PowerMax Storage, PowerSwitch networking, PowerProtect data protection and VMware virtualization all in a single system with intelligence built in to automate thousands of manual steps during its lifecycle. Further, we made the industry’s broadest infrastructure portfolio simpler to consume with Dell Technologies on demand broadest infrastructure portfolio simpler to consume with Dell Technologies on-demand, letting customers pay for infrastructure as they use it, freeing up resources, money, time and people to focus on transforming their business in today's on-demand economy. This gives customers the ability to plan and predict around peak data consumption and IT spin cycles. We are excited about what these new innovations make possible for our customers and what they represent in terms of how we've readied the ISG of the future or how we’ve readied ISG for the future over the past two years. We stabilized the business, reclaimed share, simplified and powered up the portfolio and added sales resources to fuel growth. At the Dell Technology Summit, Michael unveiled our ambitious new goals for 2030 focusing on inclusion, sustainability, transforming lives through technology and data privacy. For example by 2030 our goal is that 100% of our packaging will be made from recycled or renewable material and more than half of our product content will be made from recycled and renewable material. And for every product a customer buys we will reuse or recycle an equivalent product. These initiatives follow what we've achieved over the past 10 years like we recovering more than 2 billion pounds of used electronics via responsible recycling and reusing a 100 million pounds of recycled content and other sustainable materials in our new products. We have a strong record -- strong track record here to build on which helps us win in the marketplace. We've made several important social impact commitments that are increasingly important to our customers, team members and investors. I encourage you to learn more on our website and through the replay of the summit event. Before I get to the demand environment I want to remind you of our operating framework that remains unchanged. We expect to outperform the market and take profitable share. We have gained 375 basis points of storage share over the last two years, 580 basis points of mainstream server revenue share over the last three years and approximately 600 basis points of PC share over the last six years. Now shifting to demand; from a customer set and geographic perspective, we see solid demand in small, medium and commercial accounts with weakness in China and some softening in the large enterprise space. From a business unit perspective, we see softness in inner – infrastructure solutions demand driven by servers while client solutions and VM are solid. Let me share a few examples. Our storage business grew 7%. We saw a strong Q3 demand in data protection and hyper converged with VxRail orders up 82%. We expect to gain storage share in North America in calendar Q3, more importantly, our customers and sales teams are optimistic about our portfolio and positioning. The server demand environment remains challenged as many customers continue to digest last year's unprecedented growth. Excluding Greater China, our Q3 server order revenue was down mid-to-high single digits. While the server market remained soft, we continue to focus on growing our server buyer base which was up 5% growing year-over-year for the fifth consecutive quarter. In addition, our server business benefited from increasing mix of high-value workload platforms, increase memory and storage content and component cost decreases. We expect to gain share in North American and EMEA and retain our number one share positions in x86 mainstream server revenue in units. Client solutions demand remains healthy with tailwinds from the Windows 10 refresh cycle expected to continue and then fade into the first half of next year. IDC is projecting a decline in post Windows 10 which will be a headwind to CSG in fiscal 2021 overall. In Q3 CSG delivered strong results across commercial. Going forward we remain focus on direct growth and optimizing our channel relationships. We have invested in our sales forces in both small and medium businesses and continue to accelerate growth there. In consumer we will focus on direct sales and high-end premium PCs including XPS and gaming as well as increasing our attach of services, software and peripherals. We expect the component cost – we expect component cost to remain deflationary in aggregate through Q1 of next year. But it is significantly lower rate than the last three quarters. We are now seeing inflation in SSDs with 20% and inflation expected in Q4 and DRAM inflation beginning in Q2 of 2020 per industry and analysts’ estimates. We clearly have captured the operating benefits from the significant cost declines in fiscal 2020 and it will be our job to mitigate these expected increases for our customers and for Dell in fiscal 2021. And finally Intel CPU shortages have worsened quarter-over-quarter the shortages are now impacting our commercial PC and premium consumer PC Q4 forecasted shipments. Now I will turn it over to Tom to take you through our financial results and guidance.
Thomas Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. We have executed relatively well this year and again in Q3 as we balance revenue and profitability with more challenging market conditions. Revenue was $22.9 billion up 1%, FX remained a headwind this quarter impacting growth by approximately 110 basis points. Our deferred revenue balance increased to $25.9 billion up 17% driven by our services and software businesses adding revenue and cash flow stability. Gross margin was up 11% to $7.8 billion and it was 33.9% of revenue up 300 basis points driven by lower component cost and pricing discipline. Operating expenses were $5.3 billion, up 8% due in part to investments we have made in sales coverage to broaden solutions sales capabilities and expand buyer base. Operating income was up 18% to $2.4 billion or 10.7% of revenue. Our consolidated net income was $1.4 billion, up 21% primarily benefiting from strong operating profitability. Our EPS was $1.75 for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.9 billion or 12.5% of revenue and $11.6 billion on a trailing 12 month basis. We generated $1.6 billion of adjusted free cash flow in Q3 driven by strong profitability and working capital discipline. Our Q3 adjusted free cash flow includes the impact of an approximately $400 million payment for tax settlement and our trailing 12 month adjusted free cash flow is now $7.7 billion. We repaid approximately $1.1 billion of gross debt in the quarter and $3.5 billion year-to-date. And we are positioned to repay approximately $5 billion of gross debt in total in fiscal year 2020. We have now paid down $18.1 billion of gross debt since the EMC merger. Shifting to our business unit results, Infrastructure Solutions Group revenue was $8.4 billion, down 6%. Storage revenue was flat at $4.1 billion, up 7% with strong growth in data protection in our industry leading HCI business given our strong velocity with our VxRail solutions. Servers and networking revenue was $4.2 billion, down 16% due to a soft market particularly in China and in large enterprise customers in the US and in Europe. As Jeff mentioned ex-China server order revenue was down mid to high single digits. We continue to be selective on larger deals when we see very aggressive competitive pricing. We are also focused on enhancing our coverage models and building sustainable long term customer relationships. ISG operating income was $1 billion or 11.9% of revenue. Operating income percentage was up 140 basis points largely due to our business and geography mix. Our VMware business unit had another good quarter with revenue of $2.5 billion up 11%. Operating income was $717 million or 28.9% of revenue. On a standalone basis Q3 VMware growth in revenue plus the sequential change in deferred revenue was 18% or an increase of 12% excluding unearned revenue assumed from the acquisition of Carbon Black. NSX license bookings grew 50% while the vSAN license bookings grew over 35%. VMware closed the Carbon Black acquisition in Q3 and expects to close the pivotal transaction before the end of Q4. Client solutions group delivered strong Q3 revenue growth and profitability. Revenue was $11.4 billion, up 5%. Commercial revenue was $8.3 billion, up 9% including double-digit growth in commercial desktops and workstations. Consumer revenue was down $3.1 billion and it was down 6% as we continue to prioritize our commercial business in our focused on more profitable higher end consumer PCs. CSG operating income was $739 million or 6.5% of revenue. Profitability was driven by component cost declines, commercial consumer mix and pricing discipline expect us to continue to balance revenue and profitability against market dynamics. As we have previously discussed, we are seeing and we do expect operating margins to turn back to more historical norms given the changing cost environment. Dell Financial Services originations were $2 billion, up 27% with managed assets up $10.7 billion, and we continue to see interest in our flexible consumption solutions including Dell Technologies on demand. Turning to our balance sheet and capital structure, we ended the quarter with $9.4 billion of cash and investments after a $1.1 billion of gross debt pay down in the approximately $400 million tax settlement payments. Our core debt balance ended the quarter at $35.9 billion, down almost $13 billion since the EMC acquisition. Net core debt ended Q3 at $29.6 billion. We remain focused on maximizing free cash flow and our capital allocation strategy is unchanged. Given our recent debt pay down and refinancing activity we have only $2.3 billion of core debt due in the next 15 months and we will continue to look for additional opportunity to smooth our debt maturity profile and optimize our capital structure. We still expect to pay down at least $4 billion of gross debt next year and are committed to reducing leverage to achieve investment grade ratings. Moving to guidance we continue to monitor the macroeconomic and IT spending environments as well as the ongoing trade discussions between the US and China. As Jeff mentioned earlier we do see continued softness in large enterprise customers and in China. Based on Q3 result in the Intel CPU shortage Jeff mentioned we now expect fiscal 2020 GAAP revenue of $91.5 billion to $92.2 billion. Operating income of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion with EPS of $5.83 to $5.98. We now expect our non-GAAP revenue range for the current fiscal year to be $91.8 billion to $92.5 billion. The reduction of the range is principally due to the Intel supply dynamic. With our strong profitability year-to-date driven by favorable component cost and disciplined pricing we are raising the low-end of our non-GAAP operating income and EPS guidance ranges. Our non-GAAP operating income range is now $10 billion to $10.2 billion and our non-GAAP EPS guidance range is now $7.25 to $7.40. Our non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 16% plus or minus 1%. Who want to give you some insights into our preliminary thinking for fiscal 2021. We continue to see macro headwinds in China and softening client solutions demand post the Win 10 refresh. That coupled with the Intel’s CPU supply constraints in the global macro environment leads a slightly more cautious on fiscal 2021 growth. We also expect the benefit of the fiscal year 2020 component cost deflation to wane as component cost of forecast is to be inflationary in fiscal 2021. Accordingly our preliminary view is that operating income margins may trend closer to the fiscal 2019 levels and we are balancing investments in the business and adjusting spending as appropriate. We will provide an updated view of fiscal year 2021 expectations on our Q4 earnings call February. In closing you should expect us to maximize our equity value to all shareholders through the five distinct levers we talked about at our business update; current operations synergies new opportunities corporate structure and capital structure. Our model is focused on long term profitable growth with the ability to adjust as needed based on market conditions. We are focused on growing faster than competitors in the industry growing operating income and the EPS faster than revenue over the long term and generating strong cash flow. You've seen that from us this year as we maximize cash flow and profit given the environment you can expect us to adjust accordingly in fiscal 2021. With that I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Erica can you please introduce the first participant?
Operator: Well I'll take our first question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes thank you. Appreciate the early fiscal 2021 thoughts. I was curious if you are anticipating any changes in the macro backdrop as you look at that and if I could your storage growth to 7% was very solid compared to a lot of peers. Can you talk about particular areas of strength in the quarter and how much do you think was part of the bundled go to market and the LAs? Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Wamsi, it’s Tom. Let me start and then maybe Jeff can jump in here as well particularly on the storage and his view of the macro. As we think about fiscal 2021, I just wanted to give you some – or we wanted to give you some preliminary thinking as we see some of the current macro dynamics right principally some of the caution in the environment given the US, China trade dynamics, the softness we've seen in large enterprise, consumption particularly in servers. And the Intel CPU shortage is causing some dynamics that are causing us to be a little bit more cautious than perhaps we would have been say three to four months ago. So, we're going to work our way through that. We'll update you as we get through the end of Q4 and give you our view -- in our Q4 earnings call. But I thought it was appropriate that we give you some perspective as we think about next year and we're clearly still in the midst of working our way through our planning process for next year. And then Jeff maybe you could talk about storage and any…
Jeffrey Clarke: Happy to.
Thomas Sweet: …other comments on this.
Jeffrey Clarke: Yeah, Wamsi, when I look at the storage and highlights and things that they certainly are pleased to see. One is he referenced that in our opening remarks VxRail and its 82% orders growth. We continue to see VxRail combined with VMware Cloud Foundation helping the customers build out private cloud in this hybrid world that we’re looking. So that's certainly a highlight that we continue to see. The acceptance of our new data protection products has been quite good, the integrated product – integrated products as well as the new data domain platforms are off to a good early start which to me is continued reinforcement as we've modernized the portfolio and guided increasingly more Modernized the portfolio and got it increasingly more competitive we're seeing the market respond accordingly. And then the other areas that I'd point to is just the continued progress of our PowerMax platform and the new Unity XT both of them are growing in the double digit [indiscernible] category as we look at Q3 results. So very strong demand for our new products which is encouraging the continued build out of on-prem private cloud VxRail plus VCF are clearly things that are highlights of our storage business and storage demand.
Thomas Sweet: Hey and Wamsi, it’s Tom one more comment I should have add is clearly as we think about component cost dynamics, we've enjoyed extraordinary deflations this year and I think most of you know we've talked about it from time to time that our model is works extraordinarily well in a deflationary cost environment where we passed some of that cost through in terms of pricing but we hold some of that cost goodness in terms of profitability. As you flip to a more inflationary environment that clearly is not the dynamic and I think part of what we wanted to do is make sure people are thinking through that component cost dynamic to year-to-year as you set up for next year. So obviously it's early we'll continue to monitor the forecast and our thinking around that. But there are some dynamics working through on our component cost as we think about next year.
Wamsi Mohan: Very helpful. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: We will take our next question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Good afternoon. Why do you think you are seeing such a bifurcation between continued strong storage segment and accelerating declines in servers? In recent quarters, it seems like the China server business was the explanation but now it looks like the unit weakness in servers has expanded outside of China and just curious what the dynamics are that create such different trends between those two segments and any comments around how the industry is flowing through component cost to pricing and if maybe that's a factor in the results? Thanks.
Jeffrey Clarke: Sure, Katy. This is Jeff. A couple of comments and I know Tom will jump in with his thoughts as well. I think we've consistently identified a large enterprise in large bids in China in our previous quarters this year as soft spots. Clearly we saw unprecedented growth in the industry last year. That growth is being digested by the largest companies in the world and we're seeing that primarily in that large enterprise in the United States and EMEA. China has been a headwind we've called out I think consistently now for the last three orders for sure and that continues to be a headwind in that marketplace. There are also signs that we’re encouraged by as the progress that we've made in our North America commercial, our HP and NV our sales forces have seen double-digit order growth in those areas in the server so we're encouraged and I mentioned growing buyer base and their opening remarks too I believe it was up 5% which marks the fifth consecutive quarter of buyer base, buyer base growth. It is a competitive market out there in the large bids. It's an aggressive marketplace from a pricing point of view. We're competing, but those bids are clearly competitive and probably the other thing that is important to notice they're taking longer to close. The caution that we're seeing with our large customers is certainly being seen and our ability to close transactions are how long it's taking to get that order closed would be another piece of color that I would add.
Thomas Sweet: And Katy, it’s Tom. I would just sort of hinted at it. But we clearly see where a component cost deflation is being used to price pretty aggressively right now, and we see that trend generally in the large bids across the globe and in China. And we've talked about in the past that we're going to look, we're going to compete where we need to compete, and we clearly want to grow the customer base, but we want those customer base to be long term, the right type of customer for us in terms of our profitability cycle that makes sense over time. And so, we are being selective so that's just the dynamic that we're in right now, I would also add Jeff [indiscernible] towards it that our transactional server businesses is, its holding up reasonably well, so the weaknesses principally in those two areas. I think when you get to storage, it's a different type of buying situation where you are generally putting a solution out there that is less price sensitive in the sense of it's not tied to a commodity cost framework as much and it's more of an IP framework that you are selling in terms of capabilities and feature functionality of the storage solution. And it's a different type of – it’s a value sale solution. It's a value selling process versus at times one might be a more procurement-oriented process.
Jeffrey Clarke: So, we’d probably have the dichotomy of what's happening in the industry. We're in this data era. The amount of data created is not slowing. It's got to be stored which is probably why we are seeing a slightly different trend from the compute side to the story side. But I would point to VxRail which is hyper converge where we’ll bring computing storage together in a modern two tier architecture helping customers drive out their modern infrastructure build on-prem private clouds as a point of it’s certainly that we're excited about given our position there and the opportunity presents itself going forward.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes thank you. I just wanted to understand this notion of incremental pricing pressure pricing being passed along to customers so perhaps you can help on the server side. What was unit versus ASP growth for server in the quarter? And when you talk about operating margins you know I realize it's very preliminary in fiscal 2021. Is what you're anticipating that the benefit of component pricing will be increasingly passed along or are you actually more worried about prices staying where they are but component prices going up to the detriment of your margins? And perhaps in addressing that you can talk about both PCs and servers and where you think you are in terms of half way three quarters of the way just starting in terms of prices being passed along component prices being passed along in the form of lower prices to consumers? Thank you.
Jeffrey Clarke: That's a heck of a one question. Let me -- all parts that I got. So if I look at the trend of revenue and your specific question Tony about revenue unit trends, our revenue growth was greater or our revenue decline was greater than our unit decline which I know the obvious question is that's an ASP [indiscernible] implication. Interesting thing we see is continued progress on high value workloads which is driving higher DRAM content, higher SSD content, both SSD and DRAM content was up double digits. We actually sold up the Intel’s CPU stack and servers at the same time but it did not – none of those three were enough to offset a modest ASP decline. So I think that answers the first two questions. Tom will jump in a second on the long-term implications. What we're seeing in the marketplace again if you think of what we've done in the series of price moves we’ve taken over the first three quarters of this year we have the product line specifically servers and price position or quite comfortable with the price position we're in our historical norms maybe on the slight – on the high side of that but in our historical norms of price position in the marketplace and you see the businesses that are very subjected to street price respond well, HP ENVY our North America commercial business which are good indicators for us. In the largest business as Tom and I just mentioned that's where the most aggressive business is and where we see I guess the commodity inflation being passed on to customers.
Thomas Sweet: Yeah as you think through Tony for it's time for FY 2021 and look we are still looking at this but – if you take what Jeff just said which is critically for our PCs and servers that there are particularly for our PCs and servers that there are certain list price and street price frameworks that we want to run towards as component cost deflation stabilizes I'll say it that way our flattens out and then you start to get inflation and you have this dynamic where you know you ultimately will make decisions about how you price or how do you adjust pricing to adjust for those component cost input rises. If you decide to raise prices, we've talked about this in the past. In general, you only get about 60% of the price increase in any given quarter. So, if you make a price increase in the quarter, you don’t automatically move to that new price, so it takes time to digest price increases and you're going to balance out relative to competitive dynamics in terms of where are you from a list position and a street price position, such that you stay competitive. And so, in a commodity deflation environment, which is what we've been in this year, we've been able to adjust street pricing or adjust pricing downward, but the rate of deflation has been greater than that was such that it has allowed us to capture some of that deflation in the form of incremental dollars to the bottom. As you move to an environment of inflation that opportunity is not there and then you're trying to balance pricing versus demand generation and ensuring that you stay in price position, but yet protect the P&L as best you can. And so, what we've navigated through these cycles in the past, the model will adjust the model appropriate, but that's the dynamic we're working our way through. We're thinking about as we think about next year right now. This will get – hopefully will continue to get more clarity on this going potentially second half cost frameworks of second half fiscal year 2021 as we go into FY 2021, but our view right now is that the cost environment becomes inflationary as you go through the year correct.
Jeffrey Clarke: And then your question specifically to PCs, Tony largely the commodity goodness in the first half of the year is already passed through in price. We've kept that product line in price position as well. It's largely we've seen most of the cost of goods have passed through. I do think we have to work our way through the supply shortages and that ultimately the market pricing will be but there isn't a bunch of cost being held back it is already pushed through the price.
Thomas Sweet: We have seen in areas where there are parking shortage that absolutely the pricing competitiveness or the pricing aggressiveness I should say size to some extent because you have a fixed amount of supply that you need to allocate the money in an appropriate way. So we'll just have to work our way through that as we go through the early parts of next year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Yeah. Hi thanks for the question. I guess I wanted to start by asking whether the trade situation has driven any kind of inventory increases. I know it's probably dominated more by shortages of CPUs. But just wondering if you guys have seen any inventory changes particularly in the US but maybe in other parts of the world as well as potential tariffs approach? And then I wanted to come back to this unit and pricing answer and just clarify whether that is inclusive of China. I guess it is and I wonder Jeff if you could maybe comment excluding China what happened to those prices and AUPs on servers? Thanks.
Thomas Sweet: The tariffs inventory were simple, our inventory levels have not changed. We continue to run this business on very low levels of inventory. And to your point that’s the shortages particularly there were specifically CPUs that are really driving our position of materials across our global supply chain not tariffs whatsoever. In terms of unit price we don’t parse that out excluding China and certainly I won't do that today but it's the trend that I described or seeing again those trends actually oriented businesses respond to the price position in the marketplace as I mentioned our units were down as well not as down as much as the revenue. We did see increases in content of the DRAM and SSD as well as the CPU that I mentioned earlier. And I think that bodes well longer-term as we think about content. We think about high value workloads and our ability to offset some of the change in the cost environment going forward. If you recall the front end of this last server build up we had commodity increases across the board.
Jeffrey Clarke: And by the way, it’s Jeff that was a server comment. That wasn’t…
Thomas Sweet: Yes.
Jeffrey Clarke: That wasn’t a PC comment, correct. And I would add Rod just on the – we have seen some elasticity in server – transaction volume, it’s particularly in the small and medium business that's responded well to the price position and price moves that Jeff and his team have done. It's just been a – we've had a – I would say a pretty significant headwind on large enterprise bids and then – particularly in that the China business given some of the geography macro dynamics over there.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks for taking the question, and I do have a product question as well. On the component side, you talked about with regard to the client PC business that SSD pricing would be up I think 20% sequentially in the calendar fourth quarter and a DRAM pricing would start to trend higher into 2Q of 2020. Can you give us the same kind of framework or commentary of how you are seeing those trend specific to the server or enterprise SSD as well as a server DRAM market. You know how are you thinking about those dynamics as you kind of give the commentary with regard to fiscal 2021? And then any update on the mid-range next platform on the storage side, when is that expected to start to shift and impact the storage business? Thank you.
Jeffrey Clarke: Sure, Aaron. And real quickly, the NAND trends in DRAM trends that I mentioned were across all of our NAND purchases and DRAM purchases. So, industry analysts and experts have projected the costs that I referenced earlier. The 20% of SSD is now DRAM I believe I said Q2 of calendar 2020. That's across our broad purchase of both server components as well as PC components. And then in the mid-range, we're still on track. So the commitment, I have made in the number of these calls that we will have the product completed by the end of the fiscal year and it will be released. We're pretty excited about that particularly with the momentum we've seen on Unity XT which is the bridge from the old Unity product. A performance increase of significant performance increase that we launched over the summer that take us to the new mid-range product out at the end of the fiscal year. We like what we've done. Certainly we've talked a little bit about the feature set, it's a modern stack containerized capability at some modular design without getting into pre disclose and what the exact product is. We're excited about what it means. We have the right bridge strategy and we'll be able to help our customers migrate from the current technology to our new mid-range storage product.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to see if we could double click on the dynamics of what's happening in China specifically set some context for us, how much of the business comes from China and then in terms of what's going on there how much do you attribute to their weaker economy and how much do you attribute to let's call it a political aspect of maybe not buying from Dell because you're a US company in which case, one is resolved by trade, the other dissolved by a – resolved by a better economy? Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Simon, it's Tom. Let me just give you some context here, all right. So, from a size perspective, we've said this in the past that the China business unit is sort of high single-digits in terms of as a percent of revenue of the total company. So, you can do sort of rough math on that. As we think about the demand environment in China and I'm not going to parse it for you whether what we – our belief is, as we’ve -- as we look at the businesses that there's a couple of dynamics happening. One there is an overall sort of macroeconomic softening that's happened in the country. We have seen that in elements of the China business. We’ve seen that in elements of the China business it's hard and I'm not under any ability to sort of say some of that because of some of the more political dynamics I can't really call that. What we're trying to do right now is to ensure that we've got the China business properly framed such that when the Chinese economy comes back into growth mode or into a more a stronger mode that we can take advantage of the opportunities over there and continue to supply our customer needs over there. So look it's not a – it's a tough environment. We've done a number of actions to set that business on a framework that makes sense for us. We'll continue to optimize to the extent we can over there and we're in there – we're in China for the long term but we have to make sure that the business model makes sense relative to the opportunity.
Simon Leopold: Do you feel as if you're losing share or holding share in China?
Thomas Sweet: Simon it's a mixed bag. We are taking share in PCs. We've taken some share in storage. We have deliberately walked away from a number of large server deals over there where the pricing just most absolutely made no sense to us, I’ll say it like that.
Jeffrey Clarke: With the hyperscalers.
Thomas Sweet: Yeah, principally with the hyperscalers over there and so we have lost server share in China and part of that was by design, most of it was by design. At the same point in time what we've asked our Chinese to do is say look we want you to build a sustainable long term model around a broader set of customers of building the customer base to drive a more what we would call a more healthy environment in terms of the server framework, server business over there.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot guys. I guess two questions from me as well. Jeff first view how should we think about the border storage market given all the commentary you made in fiscal 2021 and perhaps even touch on both what do you think the end markets are going to do and does Dell's share gain narrative become more powerful in fiscal 2021 given some of the comments you made on the unified mid-range offering earlier?
Thomas Sweet: Yeah if we look at what the industry analysts are projecting for next calendar year I believe the storage, external storage forecast is roughly minus 1% I think is the aggregate consensus of all of the industry experts and analysts there. But my job is to do better than that outperform the marketplace and take share. We're going to do that with the industry’s border storage portfolio on our classic 3-tie storage architecture so primarily arrays with high-end mid-range and the entry level products. We have the advantage in the high-end of the marketplace with our Paramax products, our Unity XT product as I mentioned earlier is doing well growing double digits, it's a bridge to the new product that will be out next year as I mentioned. We've made progress with the entry level product. Our broad storage portfolio moves into the areas of data protection which the new integrated data protection appliance and the new data demand products off to a good start as they've been refreshed. Then we have the HCI and CI portfolios of PowerOne that I just mentioned a leader in the converged infrastructure category and then we've certainly been the market leader in the fast growing HCI space. So with that broad portfolio all and now largely refreshed and modernized I'm optimistic that we can outperform the marketplace as we head into next year. That's certainly the targets that we have in place. You combine that with the sales force build out that we've put in place over the last two plus years, more storage sellers, more storage specialists. We've made progress in what we call the enterprise acquisition accounts that business is growing nicely. So, I'm optimistic that we have put the right plans together with the right portfolio, the right investments to grow our storage business at a differentiated rate to the marketplace. I'd circle back we've largely done that in the last two years. We've taken 375 basis points a share and over the two year period we've largely grown the external storage business in a market that's slightly down.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. That's really helpful. And I guess Tom I just want to make sure I heard you correct initially you said fiscal 2021 operating income margin is a little bit closer to fiscal 2019. I think that's a comment you made. Is there a way to think about what is free cash flow does and that narrative and maybe a bit qualitative you talk about what are the puts and takes of free cash flow in fiscal 2021 versus fiscal 2020 for you guys?
Thomas Sweet: Yeah. Hey, what I’ve said was our preliminary view is that operating income margins may trend closer to fiscal 2019 levels. And principally because as we think about and this will also different asking on what ultimately happens with component cost environment but right now we expect it to be inflationary. We don't forecast free cash flow externally I should say we do forecast it internally clearly. But look there will be a function of free cash flows all as a function of profitability and working capital and other dynamics within the company and so it's our job to optimize working capital, it’s our job to optimize free cash flow. More importantly you heard me say on the call that hey we're committed to the $1.5 billion essentially to $1.5 billion of debt pay down in Q4 to get to the $5 billion target we've laid out. We've paid $3.2 billion of debt down so far year-to-date and that we’re committed to the $4 billion of debt pay down next year. And even as we run the sensitivities around that given what we know today that although within the framework of that we're comfortable with. So, we'll continue to update you guys and give you further thinking on that as we come back again to Q4, but that's the framework we think of right now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you. Just one question. Wanted to go back to PCs. You indicated that the shortages from Intel are going to impact the current quarter. And then you talked a bit about I know perhaps lingering pressure in 2021. So, I'm just kind of curious as to what you see the trajectory like. And do you expect, I think HP just indicated they expect a bit of a push out in terms of our continued, I guess stronger demand than maybe one would have thought in the coming year because of some of the mix dynamics and pressure from Intel, I'm curious as to what you're saying. Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Yes, Shannon. Let me at least try to give a couple of data points. One, I think we’ve talked about this. We've largely mitigated the supply challenges to date and we think our direct models allowed us to do that with the speed and flexibility that it gives us to adjust to the output side of the factory. Clearly with what we said earlier, there has been a change in Q4 and we are dealing with that real time. History would suggest if we can't fulfill demand in the industry that we will see it spill over into the coming calendar year particularly with Windows 10 roughly two thirds through the Those 10 were roughly two-thirds through the refresh cycle and to the point there's a delay with that that's going to spill over into the following calendar year perhaps maybe another way to say this we think that – elongates the cycle we've talked about – we think it spills over into the first half already I think there's just another validation that it will spill over into the first half of next year given the continued increasing challenges within Intel supply. So that's how we've certainly look at it, we’re certainly dealing with the information that we have in real time and we're making the adjustments accordingly.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Andrew Vadheim with Wolfe Research.
Andrew Vadheim: Hi, thank you. I had one on margins so if we put aside products’ gross margin expansion and turn over to services, this is the second consecutive quarter of services gross margin being run at 100 bps to 150 bps lower than where it was tracking last year through Q1 of this year. Can you just walk through the puts and takes on that line item and whether anything structurally has changed?
Thomas Sweet: Well, there's nothing that has structurally changed on services margin. Revealing that and I don't have the data right in front of me I would offer you a couple of comments. One is overall we've seen actually good attach rate on services or services offerings in general and in fact the content rate on some of our products has increased so we're pleased with that content rate – as we think about the margin dynamic, the comment I would offer you is principally whether – we're putting a lot of that services profitability onto the balance sheet that's getting building up the deferred revenue so you'll have to think about of that dynamic, but there's nothing structurally that's happened in the business or how we’re marketing or positioning the services that would call out any significant structural issue.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Jeriel Ong with Deutsche Bank.
Jeriel Ong: Thanks for letting me ask question. I just want to understand the bridge from starting from fiscal 2019, fiscal 2020 back to fiscal 2021 which is going to be similar in fiscal 2019 in terms of operating margin. Two ways to think about it, I'll let you going to answer, number one in terms of the downshift in margin, is it -- what portion of this revenue or perhaps component pricing mix driven to drive regular margin or in other way you think about it would segment base which would be how much of the margin degradation year-on-year is going to be ISG versus CSG versus other business. Thanks.
Thomas Sweet: You’re talking, hey it's Tom. You're talking about fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021. Is that the comment? Is that the question?
Jeriel Ong: Yes. Yes, that is the question.
Thomas Sweet: Well I think you've got to go back to what we think the drivers are around a potential sort of potential margin pressure operating margin pressure next year. We have been pretty vocal throughout this year, principally in the last couple of quarters on these calls around the profitability profile of our CSG business and that it has trended higher than normal given some of the component cost inflation we've seen and so a significant majority of the margin dynamic year-to-year assuming that component costs move from deflation to inflation which is the forecast that we have right now will impact the profitability profile of our CSG business back towards historical norms. So I would think about most of that pressure being in – or that dynamic is a big driver of some of the profitability, potential profitability shifts year-to-year. You’ll have a little bit of that dynamic within the server because again you have to think about which labs are more commodity cost sensitive in terms of pricing dynamics and those two labs tend to be our most sensitive – impact, the ones that are impacted the most.
Jeffrey Clarke: Well they are and some of the [key hit] it is, if you look at the deflation in calendar 2019. Our model generally captures that more quickly and as advantage we have that deflation and I think you see it from what was our beginning of the year expectations for profit to where we’re getting that through today and as Tom said we have a deflationary period coming and those businesses will perform back towards their historical norms.
Operator: We will not take our final question from Matt Cabral with Credit Suisse.
Matt Cabral: Thank you. You guys have talked about China several times but wondering if you could back up and talk about the demand environment across other geographies around the world and also just wanted to clarify if you think the macro overhang has actually gotten worse versus where we were in the second quarter or if the drag is more kind of consistent over the last – let's call it 90 plus days or so.
Jeffrey Clarke: Yeah, look it’s time, let me, I think the macro overhang is reasonably consistent maybe slightly worse but – it didn't fall off the cliff or anything like that but we are just seeing continued caution in the environment, continued softness in the environment – we’ve talked about it a couple of times but principally in server we have seen softness in large enterprise. Slowness in procurement cycles, elongation of procurement cycles, I should say. Critical projects are still getting done, but they seem to be taking longer from a procurement cycle. And I think that's just a function of sort of the macro dynamics that many companies see them are in, in the sense of trying to navigate what is a little bit of an uncertain macro political economic environment right now and so our perspective is there's a bit of caution out there that we're seeing. Our sales organizations are out there of selling every day. So, we've got the broadest reach in the marketplace. We are being disciplined on pricing and so I'm not chasing and driving deals that just don't make economic sense to me over the long term. So, there is some – there is some level of that happening within our business. As we step back and think about your question around G6 if you think about the various geographic dynamics, we’ll tell you that in general, the US remains reasonably healthy, right. Yes, there's some large – there's some softness at large on the large enterprise procurements and servers in particular. But our commercial North America business, our small and medium North American businesses are doing quite well. We're pleased with the progress. We have seen some softening in Europe, Western Europe in particular in Q3. I think Japan continues to be strong for us. India continues to be reasonably strong. China's been soft as we've talked about. Australia and New Zealand has been soft, and so and Brazil has been strong. So, I mean if you just bounce around the globe in some of the major economies, it's a little bit of a mixed bag, which is I think the message we're trying to send to you guys, which is it's a bit of a mixed bag. Look, it's our job to navigate through all of that and drive the business forward, and I'm confident we'll do that and that's the navigation that we have to get done here in Q4 on into next year. So I think from an overall positioning, I think we're well positioned. We've got the broadest product and solution portfolio in the market. Customer receptivity to our offerings is high, so it's a matter of us going out there and making sure that we are having the appropriate conversations with our customers every day and helping them drive to there the outcomes that they desire.
Robert Williams: All right. Good. Well, thanks Tom and thanks Matt. As a reminder we'll be at the Wells Fargo Summit in Las Vegas and the Bank of America Leverage Finance Conference in Boca Raton on December 3rd. We’ll be at Credit Suisse in Scottsdale on December 4th. Then the following week will be in New York at the Raymond James Conference on December 10th and the UBS Conference on December 11th. And finally, we'll be at CES in Las Vegas in January. So, thanks for joining us today and we hope you all have a great Thanksgiving.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-08-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2020 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants, this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part, without prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I'd now like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Erika, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Vice Chairman, Jeff Clarke; our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EPS, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change, unless otherwise specified. I want to mention that we will not be taking questions related to the Pivotal or Carbon Black transactions that VMware announced on August 22. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Clarke: Thanks, Rob and thanks to all of you for joining us. Since we launched Dell Technologies, we’ve been consistent about our long-term view on global technology investment and what we have to do realize this unprecedented opportunity. We have to innovate and integrate across the full Dell Technologies portfolio. Doing this creates the next generation of technology infrastructure that enables digital organization's operating from the data economy. We have to continue innovating within our business units to win the consolidation and generate cash. And of course, we have to do this with an eye towards the inevitable fluctuations and near-term demand. Today, I would like to touch on each of these areas and share some of the progress we’ve made executing against our strategic priorities. To begin, let me emphasize the long-term drivers for our business remain intact. We are in the early stages of a technology-led investment cycle that is accelerating digital transformation. That investment cycle is fueled by the exponential increase in data, and data centric workloads that drive better business outcomes alongside an increasingly diverse and mobile workforce. But to realize these outcomes, customers are grappling with increasing complexity across their operating environments and infrastructure including data proliferation, multi-cloud management, security, new stock for architectures, application, artificial intelligence and machine learning, all the while defining their approach to cloud and increasingly the Edge and IoT. Take hybrid cloud as an example. Companies deploying hybrid cloud strategies want seamless compatibility, consitent infrastructure and operations across private clouds, public clouds, and the Edge. We are optimistic about IT spending because customers need a partner to help them address these challenges, one who is innovating and delivering a comprehensive end-to-end IT strategy. In fact the latest IDC forecast for IT spending through 2023 excluding telco, backs up our optimistic view. IDC projects growth will be in more than 2x world GDP or about 4.3% per year on average. So as I said, we believe the long-term drivers of our business are intact. This brings me to my second point. Dell Technologies is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this enormous opportunity. We’ve been hard at work innovating and integrating across the portfolio to deliver the future of technology infrastructure with solutions that dramatically simplify IT management. Last quarter we made major progress with the announcement of Dell Technologies cloud and unified work space. Interest remains high in our Dell Technologies cloud platform, the easiest and fastest way to a consistent hybrid cloud experience that brings together Dell EMCs VxRail hyperconverged infrastructure with VMware's cloud foundation software stack, offering customers a single consistent platform for both traditional and cloud native workloads with flow full automation and integration for hybrid and multi cloud environment with consistent SLAs, tools, services and management from VMware and Dell/EMC. The customer pay subscription fees for as long as they use it the same way they pay for public cloud infrastructure. CapEx becomes OpEx. Earlier this week at VMworld, we announced several other enhancements to our Dell Technologies cloud offerings, including new validated designs for storage arrays and servers, initial availability of the industry's first fully managed on premise data center-as-a-service offering, and general availability of new pay for what you use flexible consumption models. In addition, we announced Dell Technologies cloud platforms now support VMware Pivotal container service. And with VMware's recent announcement of its intent to acquire Pivotal, our solutions and speed to market get even stronger. Pivotal further extends VMware's Kubernetes capabilities for building, running, managing modern applications on an e-cloud. Another powerful example of how we are innovating across Dell Technologies is Unified Workspace. This solution integrates capabilities across Dell devices and services, VMware and SecureWorks and now includes Dell Pro Manage, managed services that integrate Dell's highly skilled experts as part of the customer's IT teams. Think about the IT investment cycle I mentioned earlier and the needs of the growing diverse and mobile workforce. Unified Workspace is an intelligent solution that tells you the specific devices and applications your workforce needs on their specific usage. Then it delivers those personalized devices directly to the end-user, pre-configured and preloaded with all the applications and security features they need. IT never has to touch the device. With VMware's acquisition of Carbon Black, Unified Workspace will only improve at a comprehensive intrinsic security portfolio for the multi-cloud world and for modern applications and devices. As you can see we are delivering on our promise to innovate across Dell Technologies to create the future of technology infrastructure from the cloud to the edge, while dramatically simplifying the customer experience. And this brings me to our next strategic priority, which is all about what we're creating in our business units to drive and win in the consolidation, generate cash flow and fuel innovation. We have the strongest solution set in our history with businesses that are consistently outperforming their competitors. In the data center, we're seeing significant traction from our new Unity XT midrange storage solution. And the strong acceptance of XT in the market gives us confidence as we ramp the solution and prepare to bring our next generation midrange storage offering to the market. We are also seeing strong receptivity of our PowerProtect X400 and PowerProtect Software. The X400 delivers next generation data management and protection in a software defined scale out appliance. It is highly complimented by our PowerProtect Software offering that delivers data protection, deduplication, operation agility, self service and IT governance. In Q2, VxRail orders grew 77% as organizations continue to benefit from a simple integration with VMware cloud foundation to enable hybrid cloud environment. It's just another example how we are collaborating with VMware to bring another first and best solution to the marketplace. In Client Solutions, we introduced new XPS products with leading design and user experience, including more powerful processing and applications matched with thinner and lighter designs like our new XPS 13 2-in-1. And our Dell Latitude 7400 2-in-1 continues to receive incredible praise from the media and customers alike with PC World deeming it a nearly perfect combination of power and battery life. It is the first commercial laptop with built-in sensing technology. Our teams are turning up industry's best products and solutions, executing in our priority to win the consolidation and generate cash flow, which brings me to my final point. As we invest and innovate to capture on the enormous opportunity in front of us, we must remain disciplined and mindful of the near-term environment in which we operate in. So before I turn it over to Tom, let me shift gears to the current demand environment and our view on component cost. Our core Dell orders were up 4% excluding China and we're seeing a clear split between enterprise infrastructure and PC spending globally. In enterprise infrastructure the market is softer than we and the industry anticipated. We expected to remain soft through the balance we and the industry anticipated. We expected to remain soft through the balance of the year, particularly in China. We feel really good about our ISG execution in Q2 given the market context. In the first half, we acquired approximately 21,000 ISG customers, up a 11% from the prior year. And moreover, ISG customers are purchasing multiple lines of businesses. Our storage business remains healthy in Q2 with orders up 1% and first half orders up 4%. Our sales team remain optimistic about our portfolio and positioning as we head into the second half of the year. Turning to servers. The industry saw unprecedented growth last year and many customers are still digesting their CapEx investments. We're balancing revenue and profitability as we navigate through the current server dynamics. Our Q2 server revenue declined, but we realized higher margin dollars as we were consciously more selective on large low margin deals in all geographies. Outside of China, our server orders were up 1% and we expect to gain share this quarter in North America and EMEA, when IDC publish its results next week. Our server ASPs remain strong, up high single digits as customers are increasingly buying higher end system support for their high -- high value workloads. In Q2, CSG delivered record performance, driven by strong execution, the Win 10 refresh and a declining component cost environment. Longer-term, we expect to continue to drive share gains through innovation and execution as the industry continues to consolidate among the top vendors. We'll continue to focus on commercial, high-end consumer and gaming as well as increasing our attach of services, financing and software and peripherals. In the supply chain, we expect the component cost environment to remain deflationary and aggregate through at least the end of the year. So it's important to note we expect the decline to significantly slowdown in the second half measured against the first half. This quarter we clearly benefited from the strength of our broad IT solutions portfolio, which helped us deliver strong results amid a short-term market volatility. What we saw soft spending in pockets of the marketplace, our overall performance in Q2 reflected our competitive advantage. In the second half, you should expect us to continue to balance growth and profitability, but with a slightly higher bias towards maintaining growth at the portfolio level. We have built a business to be successful in any environment. We're differentiated by our broad portfolio in the industry with leading solutions, our direct model, including services and financing and our world-class supply chain with its size and scale. Whether the market expands or declines, we expect to outperform the industry. So to recap, we believe strongly that our long-term growth drivers are intact. We are innovating across the portfolio to create infrastructure for the digital future. We're investing and innovating to learn the consolidation and we are mindful of the near-term environment and we are confident we can outperform. Ultimately it's all about the customer and no one is better positioned than Dell Technologies to be our customers best, most trusted partner on their digital transformation journey. With that, I will turn it over to Tom to talk about our Q2 results.
Thomas Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Our model is focused on long-term profitable growth with the ability to adjust as needed based on market conditions. We're focused on growing faster than competitors in the industry, growing operating income and EPS faster than revenue and generating strong cash flow over time. We executed well against these priorities again from Q2 as we balanced revenue and profitability with market conditions. While we saw a softer enterprise IT market this quarter, we continue to benefit from having the industry's broadest portfolio of solutions. Revenue was $23.5 billion, up 1% with core orders revenue up 4% excluding China. And our deferred revenue balance increased to $25.3 billion, up 17%. FX remained a headwind this quarter impacting year-over-year growth rates by approximately 150 basis points. Gross margin was up 13% to $8 billion and was 34% of revenue, up 340 basis points driven by lower component cost and pricing discipline. Operating expenses were $5.2 billion, up 6% due in part to investments we have made in sales coverage to expand our buyer base. In the quarter, new enterprise and commercial customer acquisitions were up over 10% from the prior year. And over the last six quarters, approximately 80% of our top 30,000 customers have purchased four or more lines of business from us. We're pleased with our operating income, which was up 30% to $2.7 billion or 11.7% of revenue. Our EPS was $2.15 benefiting from strong operating profitability and a lower tax rate in the quarter due to revenue mix. Adjusted EBITDA was $3.2 billion or 13.5% of revenue and $11.2 billion on a trailing 12 month basis. We had a record cash flow quarter, generating $3.4 billion of adjusted free cash flow driven by strong profitability and working capital discipline. Some of our working capital benefit came from reduced inventory as we are working through the supply chain dynamics that impacted cash flow last year. We also saw deferred revenue increased 17% to $25.3 billion with recurring revenue now making up 20% to 25% of our revenue each quarter. Our services and software businesses continue to grow as we expand the portfolios adding revenue and cash flow stability and predictability. We repaid approximately $2 billion of gross debt in the quarter and $2.4 billion year-to-date. And we are well positioned to repay approximately $5 billion of gross debt in total in fiscal year '20. We have now paid down $17 billion of gross debt since the EMC merger. Shifting to our business unit results, ISG revenue was $8.6 billion, down 7%. Storage revenue was flat at $4.2 billion. As Jeff mentioned, orders were up 1% driven by strength in Isilon and our industry-leading HCI solutions. We're seeing strong receptivity for new Unity XT solution in the mid range and we continue to press on growth levers within the broadest and most diverse portfolio in the industry. Servers and networking revenue was $4.4 billion, down 12%. The global server market remains softer than anticipated coming into the year and has affected our server growth. The impact to our business was most pronounced in China again this quarter, where we were more selective on larger deals and focused on building sustainable long-term customer relationships. ISG operating income was $1.1 billion or 12.2% of revenue. Operating income percentage was up 120 basis points, largely due to our business and geography mix as well as pricing discipline. Our VMware business unit had another good quarter with revenue of $2.5 billion, up 12%. Operating income was $762 million or 30.9% of revenue. Based on VMware standalone results reported last week, VMware's growth in total revenue plus the sequential change in total unearned revenue was 17%. Core software defined data center license bookings grew in the high single digits. NSX license bookings were up over 30% and vSAN license bookings grew over 45%. CSG delivered record revenue in units with strong profitability in Q2. Revenue was $11.7 billion, up 6%. Within CSG, commercial revenue was $9.1 billion, up 12% driven by double-digit growth in commercial notebooks, desktops and workstations. Consumer revenue was $2.7 billion, down 12% as we continue to prioritize commercial mix in the higher end of consumer PCs. We saw strong profitability in CSG this quarter due to component cost declines, commercial consumer mix and pricing discipline. CSG operating income was $982 million or 8.4% of revenue. Going forward, you will continue to see us balance revenue and profitability against market dynamics. Dell Financial Services originations were $2 billion, up 3%. We did record a non-cash charge of $619 million or $524 million net of tax benefits after a strategic review of our Virtustream business. We remain committed to serving our customers as we reposition the business. Turning to our balance sheet and capital structure, we grew cash and investments in the quarter to approximately $10 billion even after the Q2 debt pay down of $2 billion. Our core debt balance ended the quarter at $36.4 billion, down over $12 billion since the EMC acquisition. And net core debt ended Q2 at $30.5 billion. Please see Slide 14 in our web deck for more details. We're focused on maximizing free cash flow and our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We're committed to reducing leverage and achieving investment grade ratings. Given our recent debt pay down and refinancing activity, we have only $2.3 billion due in the next 18 months, excluding VMware. And we will continue to look for additional opportunities to smooth our debt maturity profile and optimize our capital structure. We will maintain pricing discipline as we move into the back half of the year, while adjusting as appropriate given market and competitive dynamics. We're still monitoring the macroeconomic in IT spending environment as well as ongoing trade discussions between the U.S and China. Moving to guidance. Based on Q2 results and our current expectations for the balance of the year and excluding the impact of VMware's Pivotal and Carbon Black acquisitions, we now expect fiscal year '20 GAAP revenue of $92.7 billion to $94.2 billion. Operating income of $2.9 billion to $3.3 billion and EPS of $5.45 to $5.90. We're narrowing our non-GAAP revenue range for the current fiscal year to $93 billion to $94.5 billion. Due to our strong profitability in the first half of the year, we're increasing our non-GAAP operating income guidance range to $9.8 billion to $10.2 billion, and increasing our non-GAAP EPS guidance range to $6.95 to $7.40. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be 16% plus or minus 100 basis points. In closing, we are well positioned. We're innovating to drive growth and future value and we're driving the core for share gain and cash flow. We have one of the industry's strongest and most comprehensive portfolios, its largest direct sales force and a world-class supply chain with size and scale and we're focused on enabling our customers digital future. With that, I will turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Erika, could you please introduce the first participant.
Operator: We will take our first question from Katy Huberty with JPMorgan.
Kathryn Huberty: Thank you. Good afternoon. You mentioned a bias towards growth in the second half of the year. Does that imply that you expect a pass-through more of the lower memory prices into the next couple of quarters. And if so, which segments of your business would you expect to see the most price elasticity?
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Katy, it's Tom. So, look, I mean what we were trying to signal there is that as we think about the business and the business velocity which we like the ramp in business velocity during the quarter, we are starting to -- as we think about cost trends and the deflationary cycle that we are seeing which we is slowing, we do expect that will pass particularly in some of the server space probably have to pass more of those cost declines through. And in fact we are seeing a little bit more aggressiveness in some of those large enterprise and large deals that we said -- we mentioned in the first quarter. So the bias towards growth was really directed at trying to make sure we're a company that drives on scale. We are going to be balanced in the back half of the year, but I do think that from the dynamics that we're seeing right now that I would expect that we're going to see a bit more pricing aggressiveness in the back half. And I would probably point towards servers. I think we feel good about where the client business is and the storage business is from a pricing perspective. But I think servers may have some pressure point.
Kathryn Huberty: Thank you. That’s very helpful.
Jeffrey Clarke: I would add to that. We certainly spend much of the first half of the year in servers, keeping our product line in our traditional price position and we are going to continue to price the product lines going forward to do that. And as Tom said, that's going to be our bias towards growth. And I think the other thing that we're signaling and we mentioned a couple of times is the fuel of that, the commodity deflation substantially slows in the second half, so we have to watch that. We are going to have a slight bias towards growth, keeping our eye on profitability in both of the businesses.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Katy.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Roderick Hall: Yes. Hi, guys. Thank you for the question. I wanted to ask about the trajectory of demand and where you guys are seeing weakness, where you’re seeing strength? When we look at other company that have reported enterprise, we’ve seen a pattern of weakness in large enterprises that seems to have developed in, let's say the June timeframe. And so, I'm wondering whether that has been the same for you and whether you’ve seen that continue to weaken or you think its stabilized? And then also would love to get a comment on small and medium businesses. Those seem to be have been more stable and I'm wondering if you could just confirm that, that’s also what you're seeing. Thanks.
Jeffrey Clarke: Sure, Rod. Jeff here. When I look at the server business in particular, the softness that we’ve seen, we actually talked about it last quarter as well is in large bids and in China. So those large enterprise business that you mentioned, we continue to see softness there in -- as well as in China. In fact, if you were to look at our server business excluding China, we were actually had growth. Our business is up 1% in orders. We continue to see that pressure in the second half of the year. Tom alluded to just moments ago about the price aggressiveness that we think is turning up in the second half in those large orders, those large enterprise accounts. So I think that’s consistent with what you’ve seen. And then on MB and SB, we continue to see that business perform. We don’t break out the segment performance of the businesses, but it's been a area of growth for us and we will continue I think see that going forward.
Roderick Hall: Great. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Toni Sacconaghi with Alliance Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. I'm wondering given your significant overage in operating profit year-to-date, why you wouldn't look to pay down more debt this year? I think your target was $4.8 billion. You mentioned close to $5 billion, which sounds pretty similar. Perhaps you can give us an updated view on what you think operating income will be for the year and why you wouldn't want to more aggressively pay down debt?
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Toni, it's Tom. Let me start and then I will let Tyler talk a little bit about our debt plan. And look I mean the guidance we gave clearly up the range around operating income given the over performance in the first half. We are -- we did in the quarter a $10 billion of cash, of which $6 billion of that you should think about as core. So look, I mean, I think we may have some flexibility of all things [indiscernible] to take a look at that as we go through the year. Right now as we look at the maturity stacks that we are [indiscernible] on addressing I think we feel good about the $5 billion. We will have to see what we where we, how the rest of the year unfolds and whether we would submit to doing even more than that. Tyler, I don’t know if you would add anything.
Tyler Johnson: No, I think you said it. I mean, the debt pay down remains the priority. So we continue to focus on that. We will see our cash continues to come in for the remainder of the year, but we feel very confident about the $5 billion we talked about. So making really good progress. If you look at our leverage ratios, we improved about half a turn going from the end of last year to where we’re now. So making great progress.
Toni Sacconaghi: Okay. And if I could just sneak in another one. I missed a couple of minutes, because I got disconnected on the call, so I apologize if you address this during that period. But you seem to suggest that you see more incremental price aggression in servers, but are pretty confident on the PC side. Are you suggesting that sort of the more normalized PC operating margin which is more than 300 basis points above -- currently above your prior indicated range that we should be thinking: a, about sustainability in mid to high single-digit or high single digits for PC operating margin at least for a few more quarters, or how much do you think the following component prices has boosted PC op margins above a normalized rate?
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Toni, it's Tom. So let me start and then Jeff can chime in here as well. As we think about our guidance as we think of the guidance as we gave, which was $9.8 billion to $10.2 billion, which was a raise of roughly about $700 million midpoint to midpoint. As we think about the back half of the year, it's clear as we look -- we see that the PC op margins benefited from a couple of things. One being the significant cost decline, of which we have probably priced through about 60% of that cost and we’ve also let some of that cost fall through the bottom. The other piece of the dynamic there has been the commercial client mix and we are up about 4% year-on-year from 69% to 73% of mix. And so that’s been beneficial as we navigated through the first half. I think as we get through the back half, I think we are going to see PC margins gradually normalize back towards the historic norms. We will have to see how that unfolds, but the rate of cost decline is significantly less than it is in the second half than it was in the first half. And as you think about pricing normalizing and the prices in the market beginning to capture a lot of that cost decline already. So we are thinking that PC margin gradually come back to more historical norms. Not in any sort of dramatic clip like fashion but I just think we're going to see those things gradually migrating back. Jeff, I don’t know what you would add.
Jeffrey Clarke: A couple of things. Part of our improvement or our performance in the first half you talked about two of them being the commercial mix and pricing through about 60% of the cost decline. Our direct commercial PC business grew double-digits which drive higher attach rates of services, peripherals and financing to tell. And we’ve seen an SRU improvement in there as well. And that led to the performance that you just spoke about, Toni. Conversely, when I look at the second half, the second half is tilting for its consumer. And consumer has a lower margin structure than our commercial business. We certainly have the uncertainty with trade and the associated cost that go along with trade as we head into the second half. And then I would point to some of the publicly available data, which I know you know very, very well to make our point, DRAM. If I look at DRAM exchange, if I look at where we started the first of the year to where we’re today, DRAM has fallen 60%, nearly 60%. If I look at what they say, the projection as for the remainder of the year, we see a 3% cost decline. So the rate of deflation is changing and we think the pricing environment will reflect that towards the end of the year.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Toni.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, it does. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Coster with JP Morgan.
Paul Coster: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I will sneak into quick ones, if I may. First up, to what extent you think Windows 10 is kind of fueling the CSG growth this year and does that kind of set you out to tough comps next year? And on the China front, the business that you’re kind of foregoing at the moment, is that business that you think you will come back to some future point, or are you kind of moving on from that very competitive segment of the market? Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Paul. Why don’t -- Jeff, why don’t you take the Win 10 comment and I will take China.
Jeffrey Clarke: Yes, Paul. I mean, the industry data there is roughly 60%-ish plus through the Windows 10 migration. That is clearly been a source of growth for the commercial PCs business for the past year and half so. We see that continuing to be a source of growth for the remaining part of the year, and probably into the very early part of next calendar year. Tough compares of course, if you look at what the commercial PC business has performed for the past six quarters and what’s in front of us. It will be tougher compares next year. You see that and the industry forecast for PC growth next year which is going to be down. The latest forecast I believe has PCs down 4% next year. This year it's roughly flat, heavily biased towards commercial consumer being down and that will be a headwind as we go into the business next year. I would also tell you the things that we’ve done in the business to prepare us for that I think are pretty encouraging. We are going to focus on the consolidation that’s underway that the PC industry continues to consolidate towards the top three manufacturers. We’ve made investments and coverage and capacity across all sorts of customers from the smallest businesses to the largest businesses in the world. We think that expansion of coverage and capacity helps us in the long-term. And then we have new technologies that we think help us with our Unified Workspace driving a differentiated solution into the marketplace, that will be a source of growth for the business. And then clearly our focus on our direct commercial business and then the high-end consumer and gaming business are where you will see our focus as we head into next year.
Thomas Sweet: And, Paul, as it relates to China, the business that we've essentially chosen do not participate in this year has generally been in the hyper scale server space where the pricing dynamics have not made a lot of sense to us. And the other thing that we look at when we look at and evaluate large bids or large opportunities, to what extent is that business strategic to us and sticky, meaning is a long-term customer acquisition play where they're going to buy multiple LOBs and have the opportunity to sell the multiple different types of solutions and service capabilities. What we have generally seen with that, that the hyper scale business in China is that it tends to be very transactional. Where you're getting that business is rebid every quarter or every half year. And so -- and at the -- given that pattern and what we’ve seen, we chosen not to participate in it. And if that’s the pattern that continues -- you will see us continue to not participate in it. Instead we're very focused on growing the customer base in China and about building lasting sustainable customer relationship. So we have shifted the focus of the China business to we must rather than they go out and build the server buyer base into the mid and small enterprise, larger enterprise space, absent the hyper scale and not participate in that hyper scale space, just given the purchasing behavior and the buying behaviors that we're seeing. So I don't think that it was what we know right now that piece of that market is a -- well, it was still be there, it's not a lot of interest to us at this point in time.
Jeffrey Clarke: With the same characteristics we see globally are occurring in China. It's the second largest market in the world. We are entering a data economy. There's a big opportunity in the world of hybrid cloud is important, data analytics have the long-term attributes, the marketplace remain strong and we're very optimistic about that over the long-term, which is why we want the business build in the customer base, right? Because we want them out foundationally improving the scale.
Paul Coster: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Aaron Rakers: Yes. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask about the storage business. As you look at storage demand being healthy, but the revenue was only about flat this past quarter. We’ve seen bookings growth, orders growth kind of enter playing into effect here, up 4% from the first half. So how do you think about the progression or growth as you kind of think about the product cycle dynamics, what’s your expectation for the back half of the year in terms of the storage growth specifically?
Jeffrey Clarke: When I look at the storage performance through the quarter, I certainly point to areas that I think are positive. We see our HCI business continuing to grow. I think we made reference earlier that our HCI business, specifically the VxRail component of that grew 77%. Our converged infrastructure business grew this past quarter to broad category of unstructured data grill and we saw actually good performance in our Unity and the new Unity XT mid range product had year-over-year growth as well. In addition to the PowerMax 2000 that introduced early last call for the high price bands in the mid range, all grew. I think we positioned the product line in a great rate, you will see some more announcements through the remainder of the year that will continue to refresh it and keep it competitive. And we expect: that to grow the marketplace. The marketplace is expected to growth in the last forecast, I think just under 3%. I would expect this to outperform in the market. The investments that we made in capacity and coverage, the tenure of that sales force continues to grow by the date. Literally and we're pretty optimistic about our prospects to outperform the marketplace in the second half of the year.
Thomas Sweet: And one thing I would add to that, and Jeff possibly highlighted a lot of that, how we are thinking about it is. One of the things we’ve been very focused on with the investment we made in the selling capacity has been around customer base expansion, which is why we highlighted the fact that in ISG, with year-over-year of 21,000 new buyers. I mean [indiscernible] the ISG is about whether they’re buying one LOB or two LOBs, but the point of it is that we are expanding the customer base to give this a broader feel or a broader base to sell them into. And so, we are encouraged by that and obviously we got to go out and execute and do this and make sure the sales motion is right on the coverage model, but one of the investment paybacks we’ve been looking for from this go-to-market investment that we’ve made over the last two years has been around, are we expanding [technical difficulty] by the trends we’re seeing that clearly [technical difficulty].
Jeffrey Clarke: [Technical difficulty] marketplace we are certainly in the early stages in an area that we’ve referenced [indiscernible]. There is more data being created, there will be more data created on the edge. We have a leadership position across HCI, CI and external storage. And we've improved investment [technical difficulty] coverage that we talked about [technical difficulty] market.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. Jeff, can you talk a bit about what you’re seeing from customers with initial response to Dell Technologies cloud? And maybe in more in general just commentary from clients about cloud adoption, both hybrid and public? Thank you.
Jeffrey Clarke: I would be happy to. We had a good week this week. At VMworld, we talked about our Dell Technologies cloud platform. We actually made several announcements to extend that platform from what we announced at Dell Technologies world, the last week of April. And the interest this week has been very high, specifically we extended the platform of validated designs to support our PowerMax storage arrays and our Unity and Unity XT storage arrays and our PowerEdge MX compute. We also, which the thing I'm most excited about and that Pat and team did a great job on stage earlier in the week as we announced the initial availability of the first on prem data center-as-a-service. So managed service for data center on prem, the first -- the initial availability of that product which is pretty exciting for us. And then on top of that acknowledging or building upon what we announced back in that last week of April, we talked about new consumption models and we’ve added our Dell Technology cloud platform and our on demand payment terms that we can pay in any form of consumption. So very similar to how a public cloud operates today, we can actually bill the customer by usage and that’s been received quite well. So we're pretty excited about that capability. You think about we added VMware Pivotal container service support on top of that and we have a very comprehensive multi-cloud hybrid cloud in the marketplace. In fact the only one that allows you to move data workloads across the edge to on prem private data centers to the public clouds. That's what our customers are asking for. The ability to do that in a automated way, to be able to manage it in a consistent way. And our Dell VMware cloud allows us to do that. So I'm pretty bullish on the opportunities going forward. Does that make sense?
Shannon Cross: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Cabral with Credit Suisse.
Matthew Cabral: Yes. Thank you. On ISG margins, I’m wondering if you could bridge the strength you saw in the quarter between mix, the commodity tailwinds and maybe other factors, and in particular just if you can touch a little bit on what margins for servers versus storage did for you on a year-over-year basis?
Thomas Sweet: Well, hey Matt, it's Tom. We don’t typically parse. We give you a revenue and an op [indiscernible]. So let me sort of try and give you some -- because I’m feeling nice today, let me give you some color around it, right? So -- but if we look at -- you just -- we looked at our margin -- gross margin or operating margin performance, let me start there. What I would tell you that, it's up a 190 basis points. I’m talking about Q-on-Q now. So from 10.3 to 12.2, I think that from a -- if you were to think your way through that, most of that goodness was principally OpEx goodness. And the actual gross margins were actually flat to slightly down. And if you parse that margin, what you would see is storage margins were stable and we saw some server -- we had server margins declining slightly. And if you think about what’s driving a server margin decline, it's really the things that we just previously talked about which we saw some pricing aggressiveness in large enterprise deals and we saw some mixed dynamics within China which drove some margin pressure downward. So that's sort of the environment we saw, and that's also why we are essentially sort of blasting the headlight on the fact that we do think that we will see a bit more server pricing aggressiveness here in -- as we go through the back half. So that's how -- that sort of our current thinking. I don't know, Jeff, you would add anything there. I think that's how we thought about it right now.
Jeffrey Clarke: Spot on.
Matthew Cabral: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot guys. I guess I’m going to have a broader question, but when I think about getting into the [indiscernible], the expectation was down and you -- you guys would essentially missed revenues, missed EPS, given what every of your -- all your peers have talked about in terms of the negative commentary. Your numbers are really much more better than that fear was. So I’m curious, what do you think is driving the delta of the better performance at Dell was your peers have been talking about. And importantly do you think this performance is sustainable as you go forward?
Thomas Sweet: Well, hey, Amit, it's Tom. Look, I won't comment on our peers. I mean what I would tell you is that if you think about the broad set of capabilities and solutions are in that the comprehensive portfolio we have, we think we have more growth levers and more levers that we can address and build upon with our customers, right? And so we have the most comprehensive portfolio in the IT infrastructure industry from our perspective. You think about the work that we've done on go-to-market over the last 2S with 1 billion of the customer base as we highlighted this quarter whether to round that 21,000 new buyers in ISG year-over-year or whether it's around the 11% growth or the 10% growth in customers, new acquisition customers. So we have been very focused on building our customer base as well. Now look, and we have obviously if you think about the financial performance, we clearly have been aided by -- we have had some deflationary cost environment in the first half of the year. And we are obviously signaling through my guidance that -- we have said that, that cost decline or that cost deflation substantially slows in the second half of the year. But our job and our model that [indiscernible] build us to grow at a premium to the market takes share I think relative share, in generally cash flow. And so that's the model we built and we think that's a model that sustains in all the different types of economic environments. And, look, I mean we are doing our best to execute the model and I think we have a pretty good execution quarter from my perspective. But again, I think it gets back to the broadness of the portfolio, if you look at the results, obviously we are aided by a strong CSG business this quarter. If we were a solely an infrastructure data center business that would have been a bit -- it has been quite a little bit of a different story, but a broad portfolio allows us to play the growth drivers that are available on the marketplace. And I think the team did a pretty good job on that.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Can you comment on the ability to absorb the higher tariffs coming here shortly and list for particularly around notebook and display. And your message is very clear around the server pricing. But how should we think about rising as a lever for share gains in storage. And if you intend to use pricing as a lever there. Can you be a little more specific around ATI and all flash? Thank you.
Jeffrey Clarke: Sure. Why don't I take the tariff question. Wamsi that is Jeff. Clearly we have spent a lot of time planning and working through the very dynamic situation that we are living in today with tariffs. Our global supply chain of 25 manufacturing sites around the globe allows us to have the agility and flexibility we need to honestly fast and minimize the impact. We are focused on continuity of supply and continuity supply and delivery to our customers in managing that. But quite honestly, we are working through the challenges of List 4, which is what you are specifically talking about. We are mentioned List 1 through 3 in the previous calls. We successfully mitigated that cost impact to the vast majority of our product. There has been cases where we have not and we’ve raised price, and we will continue to work to mitigate the impact to our customers with List 4, chatting with all in one from September 1 followed December 15 with [indiscernible] monitors and notebooks. In some cases our costs are going to go up and we will have to prices. It's one of the comments I made earlier when you think about the second half and what’s different on our client business. We have the uncertainty of tariffs, the uncertainty of the associated costs than go along with it. We cannot observe all of that cost. And we will pass that alone to our customers in the form of price in various ways. How we do that? We're still working our way through. We spend a lot of time making sure that we have our manufacturing capabilities in place that the manufacturing sites are prepared, the manufacturing process are prepared for the changes, sourcing operations for our notebook all in ones and flat monitors. So that's where we are. I think that's the best answer I can give today. More to come. It is pretty dynamically. It has changed a couple of times. And we'll probably  continue to change, but that’s our guess.
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Wamsi, your other comment around pricing, obviously we did signal or signaling that we are seeing a bit more pricing aggressiveness in the server space. As it relates to our intension/strategy around pricing on storage and some of our product lines, I mean, we are not -- we don’t -- we are not driving any further significant change from our pricing strategy in our other LOBs. So we're obviously -- we have ensure that we are price competitive and relative to the environment in the market. But at this point there's no intension to do -- to use price as a lever on in some of these other areas.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wonder if maybe you could talk a little bit more about trending from a geography and market vertical beyond what you’ve mentioned China a number of times, but I guess I'd like to hear a little bit more detail maybe versus Europe. And then you also talked about sort of the large enterprise weakness. Could you may be touch on some other verticals such as government led tight markets and maybe some of the dynamics, because it sounds to me that maybe Europe is a little bit better, government is a little bit better. Like some color beyond what we’ve talked about already. Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Simon. This is Tom. Let me start and maybe Jeff can jump in. I’m going to try and keep this at a reasonably high level. But as we think about just geo based right now, we would tell you that in general we’ve seen North America demand has generally been quite -- has been healthy. And we are pleased with that. We're pleased with our Latin America demand. I think we have seen some softening in Europe and whether that’s Brexit related or just short of general economic dynamics, hard to parse that. But I think we’re seeing some softening there. I mean we go to Asia, clearly we talked about China being a sort of a softer market for us this year. Pleased with what we're seeing in Japan. We are starting to see better velocity coming out of Australia, New Zealand. So I think in general, I mean that would be how I would frame it for you. On a vertical basis, our customer segment perspective, Q2 which is -- obviously the quarter we are reporting on its generally a strong education state and local government market in the U.S. And I would tell you that that spending seems to be holding up fine. We are optimistic about the federal business going into Q3 in the U.S. So across -- I think across the globe, government procurements continue to be on track. So that sort of what we’re seeing right now. Jeff, I don’t know if you would add anything to that.
Jeffrey Clarke: No, not at all. It's very good.
Simon Leopold: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeriel Ong with Deutsche Bank.
Jeriel Ong: Thanks guys for letting me ask the question. I’m trying to reconcile the storage, the storage you guys mentioned storage is going to grow more than 3% year-on-year teams. But yet enterprise IT spends kind of continue to be weak throughout the rest of the year. It seems like I model your top line guidance that at least on a year-on-year basis between 3Q and 4Q. I’m actually seeing that year-on-year revenue should accelerate. Could you clarify if that’s true and kind of help me reconcile some of these statements and how that impact your full-year guidance? Thanks.
Thomas Sweet: Well, I’m not sure. It's Tom, Jeriel. So I’m not sure of what -- how you’re modeling and so maybe the team can help you with that offline. I would tell you that as we think about storage, I mean the market is sort of low single digits. And so that’s the forecast from IDC. Jeff talked about the fact we saw storage demand at 1% in Q2. The broader ISG comment which I think you’re referring to is that we continue to see softness in servers, And so you got to think about that mix dynamic, IDC is forecasting negative growth in servers for mainstream servers for the rest of the year. And so there are some interplay between those two LOBs as you model ISG. So maybe the team can take that offline and take a look at how you’re thinking about it. But as we look at the business, we expect to see server revenue, that’s the server market to continue to be challenging for the remainder of the year. With what know today. We are more optimistic about the storage market. Now it's still a -- it's not a double-digit growth market, but we are optimistic that given the improvement in the coverage model, all the work that Jeff has done with his team on product and product line positioning that we should -- we expect to see better results in storage. And so that's how we thought about the year at this point.
Jeriel Ong: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Vadheim with Wolfe Research.
Andrew Vadheim: Hi. Thank you. So to start the year, you discussed the expectation that investments in sales capacity and coverage would add OpEx. Then you begin to see the benefit of these investments ramp as you moved into the second half of the year. But it seems like today's commentary was that the second half will bounce growth and profitability, but maybe leaning towards growth. Can you just kind of level set where we are with regards to sales productivity?
Thomas Sweet: We look ahead. It's Tom. We don’t sort of talk about those numbers publicly. But I would tell you that we are seeing the capacity that we’ve added sort of ramping on the sort of the normal productivity curves that we would expect, right? Now you have to balance that against it is a bit tougher market than it was a year-ago. And so there are macro dynamics that you’re managing as you think about productivity. Although we don’t tend to give the sales orders a lot of brakes on -- we will just have to simply drive to the productivity levels that gets committed to. But [inaudible] it's a bit choppier market out there, particularly around server. So -- but the productivity curves that are on -- and you’re comment, we are biasing ourselves towards growth. What we’re trying to signal is that, we do want to make sure that the growth engine stays intact and that we’re -- we have a bias towards customer, base expansion, revenue base expansion even in a tougher market. The benefits of scale for us are quite significant and we want to make sure that scale advantage continues. So as we think about the fact that the year that was what we were trying to signal and we are still investing in sales capacity, I might add particularly as we think about some of the market opportunity as we set up for next year. So that’s how we’re thinking about it.
Robert Williams: Great. I think we had one more question.
Andrew Vadheim: Yes. We will take our final question from John Roy with UBS.
John Roy: Hey, maybe as a final, you were talking a lot about enterprise weakness and -- through [balance of the] back of the year. Maybe if you could give us some color on why you think that enterprise are doing that? Is it macro, is it trade, cloud, is it really just digestion, is it something else. Maybe if you could just kind of order what you're seeing out there and why the enterprises seem to be softer.
Jeffrey Clarke: I think we’ve talked about it before and I think even made a reference in our talking points earlier. Coming off the best server year in time and the best storage year in times in calendar 2018. If memory serves me, we roughly have the storage market growing 12% last year. And the server market 30%-ish if memory serves me right. There has been a digestion of that, but taken longer than I think all of the industry expected and find large that’s what we’re dealing with. Combined with the softness that we talked about and what has been one of the fastest growing markets in the world, China.
Thomas Sweet: Yes, I would also add that, and I’m not -- we don’t have enough visibility to parse that I think in the way you’re asking it. But most of us that are running large enterprises don't like uncertainty. And then you think about the macro environment, whether its tariffs or Brexit, or some of the other macro dynamics around interest rates and where GDP is trending. It does create an area of -- potentially an area of uncertainty. So that’s also probably have some level of dampening effect on the market. Having said that, well, right I mean, we think that we're optimistic about the back half of the year. We think we’re set up to continue to execute and companies are still spending. And companies are still in their digital transformation and they need to -- And I think about some of these IT investments as essential to their business model evolution. So we are continuing to press forward and drive the business.
Robert Williams: Great. Thank you.
John Roy: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Clarke: Thanks, Jon. Hey as a reminder, we will be at the Citi Global Technology Conference in New York on September 4 and 5. We will also be hosting our business update for the investment community in New York on September 26. So we look forward to continuing the dialogue. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-05-30 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2020 First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call for Dell Technologies Incorporated. I'd like to inform all participants, this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Incorporated. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part, without prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. Following the prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Ian, and thanks for joining us. With me today are our Vice Chairman, Jeff Clarke; our CFO, Tom Sweet; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EPS, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted free cash flow. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change, unless otherwise specified. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Clarke: Thanks, Rob. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to cover three topics before Tom goes through the financial results. First, our view on the IT spending environment; second, new solutions we have introduced; and third, the current demand backdrop. We are in the midst of a technology-led investment cycle that is accelerating digital transformation. The latest IDC forecast for IT spending through 2022, excluding telecom, supports this view with projected growth to be more than 2x world GDP. That investment is fueled by exponential increase in data and data-centric workloads that are driving better business outcomes alongside in an increasingly diverse and mobile workforce. Our investments in solutions and innovations are pointed directly at this opportunity. We have a differentiated portfolio that is delivering solutions from the edge to the core to the cloud and our customers are taking advantage of the value that Dell Technology provides. This is all clear earlier this month when we hosted 15,000 customers, partners and industry experts at Dell Technologies World. At this event, we unveiled the Dell Technologies Cloud, a new set of cloud infrastructure solutions to make hybrid cloud environments simpler to deploy and manage as customers continue to move towards hybrid cloud environments. We announced a new Data Center-as-a-Service offering. This fully manned solution brings the simplicity of public cloud service consumption to an on-premise environment. This service can be combined with Dell Technologies Cloud platforms or public cloud on Dell Technology Solutions like VMC on AWS to create a singular and seamless management experience across the edge, core and cloud environments. In addition, Michael, Satya Nadella and Pat Gelsinger announced an expanded partnership with Microsoft to enable our customers to extend their on-premise VMware Cloud environments to Azure. And earlier in the quarter, we announced the industry's first jointly engineered hybrid cloud infrastructure stack that brings together VxRail and VMware Cloud foundation to facilitate compute storage and network virtualization delivering the fastest ramp to the Dell Technologies cloud. All of these solutions represent breakthroughs in cloud innovation that enables a flexible range of IT and management options with tight integration and a single vendor experience for purchasing, deployment, services and financing. They provide customers an operational hub for their hybrid clouds on-premise with consistent cloud infrastructure across all cloud types. To advance customers workforce transformation, we announced Dell Technologies Unified Workspace that helps our customers fundamentally change the way they deployed, secure, manage and support their devices. Unified Workspace provides a full PC lifecycle experience and provisioning strategy all powered by the cloud by integrating VMware’s Workspace ONE which enables customers to access any application on any device, anytime, SecureWorks, Threat Intelligence and Detection to prevent and detect and respond to potential security issues and Dell Provisioning and Deployment Services on our award winning commercial PCs. These examples best demonstrate how Dell Technologies is innovating and collaborating across the physical and virtual infrastructure, cloud, PCs, security and services to deliver highly integrated solutions for our customers. And we are just getting started as we build on our leading positions in software-defined data center, enterprise, hardware, security and PCs. Shifting gears to the current demand environment. Our external storage business is healthy, delivering solid year-over-year orders growth. Our sales teams remain optimistic about our portfolio and positioning as we head into Q2 and beyond. In addition, software-defined data center solutions and HCI continue to grow at a healthy clip with VxRail growing triple digits again in Q1. Turning to servers. The industry saw unprecedented growth last year. We planned for slower growth this year, but – demand environment was softer than we and the industry expected. We were consciously more selective on larger server deals during the quarter, particularly in China and we focused on acquiring new customers and balancing topline and bottom line results across the entire server business. The result, a decline in revenue, but with higher profitability. We have built the business to be successful in any environment, whether the market expands or contracts, we expect to outperform the industry, and when IDC releases calendar Q1 share data later in Q2, we anticipate gaining share again in servers. You should expect us to continue to balance growth and profitability. We did that in Q1 and you should expect us to focus on balance in Q2. Switching to our client business. We are seeing continued strength in commercial PCs driven in part by increased coverage and small and medium business and the Windows 10 Refresh. In a growing market, we gained 220 basis points of share according to IDC in calendar Q1. We gained worldwide PC share for the 25 consecutive quarter according to IDC with share up 80 basis points. Longer-term, we remain optimistic about IT spending as organizations continue to invest in software-defined data center as well as IT infrastructure to support their edge and cloud strategies and no one is better positioned than Dell Technologies to help our customers with these needs. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Tom to talk about the Q1 results.
Thomas Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Our model is focused on long-term profitable growth with the ability to adjust as needed based on market conditions. We are focused on growing faster than the industry and our competitors, growing operating income and EPS faster than revenue and generating strong cash flow over time. We executed against these strategic focus areas in Q1 as we balanced revenue and profitability with market conditions. Revenue was $22 billion, up 2% and our deferred revenue balance increased to $24.2 billion, up 15%. FX was a headwind this quarter, impacting year-over-year growth rates by approximately 280 basis points. Gross margin was up 7% to $7.4 billion and was 33.8% revenue, up 170 basis points driven by lower component costs from balanced pricing in both servers and PCs. Operating expenses were $5.2 billion, up 7% primarily due to investments we have made in our sales coverage and were 23.8% of revenue. Operating expenses were down sequentially consistent with comments on our year-end call. As a reminder, we discussed our expectations that our investments in sales capacity and coverage would add operating expense and that we expect to begin to see the benefit of these investments ramp as we move into the second half of the year. Operating income was up 8% to $2.2 billion or 10% of revenue. Our EPS of $1.45 benefited from strong operating results, but also from the lower tax rate in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.6 billion or 11.7% of revenue and $10.5 billion on a trailing 12-month basis. Although Q1 tends to be our lowest cash flow quarter due to revenue seasonality and timing of annual bonus payouts, we generated cash flow from operations of $682 million. Adjusted free cash flow was $116 million. We repaid approximately $400 million of gross debt in the quarter and we have now paid down $15 billion of gross debt since the EMC merger. We remain on track to repay approximately $4.8 billion of gross debt this year. Shifting to our business unit results. ISG revenue was $8.2 billion, down 5%, while storage order growth was solid. As Jeff mentioned, storage revenue was down 1% to $4 billion as we built backlog given the timing of when storage orders were received. Servers and networking revenue was $4.2 billion, down 9%. Recall that we grew 41% in Q1 of last year, we did plan for slower server growth coming into this year, but we did see some slower server growth than we anticipated. This was more pronounced in a few areas, principally China and in certain large enterprise opportunities. We have discussed in the past that we are continuing to focus on expanding the server customer base and we balanced revenue growth and profitability as we went through the quarter. ISG operating income was $843 million or 10.3% of revenue. Operating margin percentage was down 50 basis points due to investments in sales coverage which offset higher gross margins. Our VMware business unit revenue was $2.3 billion, up 13%. Operating income was $614 million or 26.9% of revenue. Based on VMware standalone results reported earlier today, the Company generated license bookings growth in all product categories with NSX up over 40% and vSAN up over 50% year-over-year. CSG revenue was $10.9 billion, up 6%. Within CSG commercial revenue was $8.3 billion, up 13% driven by double-digit growth in commercial notebooks, desktops and workstations. Consumer revenue was $2.6 billion, down 10% as we prioritized commercial mix in the higher end of consumer PCs. We saw better profitability in CSG this quarter due to component cost declines, commercial consumer mix and pricing discipline. CSG operating income was $793 million or 7.3% of revenue. Going forward, we continue to balance revenue and profitability against market dynamics. Dell Financial Services originations were $1.7 billion, up 2%. Turning to our balance sheet and capital structure. We ended the quarter with a cash and investments balance of approximately $9.8 billion. During Q1, we refinanced approximately $6 billion of debt, freeing up fiscal year 2020 cash flow to repay longer dated debt and reduce our larger maturity towers coming due in 2021 and 2023. Our core debt balance ended the quarter at $38.6 billion. Net core debt, which is core debt, less cash in investments excluding unrestricted subsidiaries ended Q1 at $33.2 billion. Please see Slide 13 in our web deck for more detail. We remain committed to maximizing free cash flow, reducing leverage and achieving investment grade ratings. As we head into Q2, we continue to monitor the macro economic environment, the IT spending environment and ongoing trade discussions between the U.S. and China. With the help of our supply chain team, we have navigated the first three China tariff list and are well positioned against the announced tariff increase from 10% to 25%. We have been planning for a potential [fourth list] which could impact notebooks and monitors. There was not a firm target date in place, but we will adjust our global supply chain is needed to minimize the impact to our customers. We do expect component costs to continue to decline through at least the next two quarters though at a lower rate than we saw in Q1. Our direct model and associated lower inventory position provides flexibility relative to our competitors. We will continue to be disciplined on pricing as we moved through the year, but we will also ensure that we adjust as appropriate given market and competitive dynamics. Moving to guidance. Based on Q1 results and our current expectations for the balance of the year, we are trending toward the midpoint of the GAAP and non-GAAP revenue ranges for the year and above the midpoint of our GAAP and non-GAAP operating income ranges. We now expect our GAAP EPS outlook to be better than the high-end of the range, primarily due to discrete tax and other items. We expect our non-GAAP EPS to be above the midpoint of the range for the full-year after taking into consideration, the EPS adjustment we announced in March for refinancing activity. In closing, we are well positioned with one of the strongest portfolios in the industry. We are focused on long-term value creation and we believe that there is no better partner than Dell Technologies to help our customers realize their digital future. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Robert Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question to allow us to get to as many of you as possible. Ian, can you please introduce the first participant.
Operator: We'll take our first question from the line of Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan: Hi. Yes. Thank you so much. Could you just elaborate on the server weakness? Maybe just give us some color on server units versus ASPs? And I appreciate the comment on derisking the business model more broadly from any upcoming tariffs on [list four]. But could you give us some color on what specifically Dell is doing to actually circumvent that and be well prepared in the event that those do transpire? Thank you.
Tyler Johnson: Well, as we go and talk about the server margin that we saw as well as sort of the tariff framework and what we're doing about it. I would remind everybody that as we went through Q1, we did see IDC dropped their mainstream revenue forecast for the market for calendar 2019, I think from 3.4% to approximately 1%. As we thought about the year, this year we also had expected a slower server market. If you think about the velocity in the business last year with I think server and network overall was up 28% last year in fiscal 2019 and Q1 last year was up 41%. So we had planned for a slower growth. I think what we saw was a softer than anticipated growth even off the lower planning assumption. And so our philosophy in this environment, and remember what we continue to talk about is that, we want to run the business for the long-term. We want to grow relative to the market and take share. But that share needs to – that growth needs to be profitable and needs to drive cash. And so that was the framework, we are working our way through as we work through the quarter. As we think of what we saw from a server perspective, there were a couple of thoughts I’d provide for you. One was, we did see softness in China and if you guys recall our Q4 conversation, we had talked about the fact that we’re going to be adjusting our China model given some of the dynamics we saw in China and that sort of played out as anticipated. And then secondly, we also saw some – particularly in the large enterprise space, a handful of deals that quite frankly as they – as we’re looking at them, the profitability profile just didn't make sense to us. So we didn’t participate in that. And so we've balanced as we made our way through the quarter both from a revenue profitability perspective and I think we're pretty disciplined in how we did it. And so, look I feel – given where the market was and given the – what we saw, I think I feel pretty good about how we navigated the quarter there. And again there is demand out there if you want to take it, but sometimes the profitability framework doesn't make sense. And so I think that was the balance that we drove there. I don't know, Jeff, if you'd add anything to that.
Jeffrey Clarke: I’d add a couple of points, specifically Wamsi asked about ASPs. ASPs on a year-over-year basis on our server business were up. I look at our high value workloads, the portion of the high-end of the business that we have. It continues to grow. I’d remind everybody, I think we said it in our comments, we took share. We believe when IDC reports its share data later in Q2 on the Q1 calendar that we will have gained share again in the server business. And I think that backdrop that Tom painted where there was a slowing in demand is correct, and the soft spots that he mentioned around China and large enterprise are very much spot on. We still think there is a long-term outlook that is very positive for servers and we're going to focus on our relative share position, adjusting to the market conditions. We're going to continue to grow our customer base, which we did in Q1 and we'll continue to drive the business and look after cash flow as we managed that business on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Robert Williams: Great. Hey, we're going to skip that second question, Wamsi and then we can come back to it at the end if we have time, so let's move to the next question.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Shannon Cross from Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. Just if you could talk a bit about the strength that you saw in the client margin, how sustainable that is? And maybe if you can just talk overall sort of how you did with servers about what you're seeing in terms of client in general? Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Hey Shannon, it’s Tom. I think as we thought of – as we look at the clients business for the quarter, I think a couple of thoughts I’ll provide for you. We have said in Q4 as we did our Q4 call a few months ago, that the client operating – our pricing environment was relatively benign. And I would tell you that I think that continued on into Q1, principally given some of the industry chip dynamics that we continue to navigate through. Clearly as we ran the business this quarter, we mixed towards the commercial business that generally pulls a higher profitability profile if you will. And we obviously had some benefit of the component cost deflation that we saw during the quarter. And so as we think about the business, I think there are a couple of things that were still working our way through the navigation of this as we walk into the coming quarters is how do we think about the slowing component costs framework relative to what we saw in Q1 and then our pricing actions as a result of that. And there is sort of some uncertainty around mix and the dynamics of the chips – of the industry chip shortage that we're going to have to continue to work through. So we'll manage our operating margin appropriately. From a demand perspective, we’re clearly pleased with what we saw in the quarter. We're still in – I think we've benefited from the – clearly from the sales coverage expansion that we've done over the last year or year and a half. We also are obviously benefiting from the Win 10 Refresh cycle that continues. And so I think we remain optimistic about the client business for the year and we'll manage it appropriately given some of the dynamics and uncertainties. I think we'll see as we work our way through the year. I don't know Jeff if you would add anything to that.
Jeffrey Clarke: I'd add a couple of comments. The mix I think is important. When we look at the mix of commercial and high-end consumer, we certainly benefited from that, and we saw our direct business grow at a premium to the market place, which as you know, carries the attach of S&P services and financing which are margin accretive to us. And we’re in a world of favorable dynamics in Q1. No question. I do think as we look at the remaining part of the year, and Tom touched upon this, we have what will become a more consumer second half because we have a consumer mix shift in the second half. We have the possibility of a list four in tariffs that we’ll have to navigate as we go forward. And we certainly have, as Tom mentioned, the ongoing challenges of managing demand and supply based on part availability. So that's kind of how we look at the year, reinforcing what Tom said and a couple of other points to think about.
Robert Williams: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Toni Sacconaghi from Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on servers. And I was wondering if you could kind of comment around linearity through the quarter. Did you actually feel like the demand environment got progressively worse over the course of the quarter? And part of the reason I asked that is you said that storage was very backend loaded, which would suggest that demand didn't really get worse for storage. So maybe you can contrast why you think enterprise demand in servers was weakening and not in storage and whether there were different linearity patterns that you saw in storage versus servers, and then what are you modeling going forward for servers? Do you actually think the demand environment comes back or do you think it continues to soften? What is sort of baked into your expectations for Q2 in your reaffirmation revenue guidance for the year?
Thomas Sweet: Hey Toni, it’s Tom. So from a linearity perspective within the quarter, I would offer this as it relates to server. We saw – early in the quarter, we saw softness in the server demand velocity if you will. And that softness lasted maybe the first half of the quarter to something of that effect. We took some pricing actions along the way to ensure that we’re in the right price position across the globe. And we did see demand on server begin to pick up as we move through the latter part of the quarter. I do think that we'll have to continue to watch it in the sense of some of the weaknesses that we call it out. I think China continues to be a headwind, given the dynamics that we're seeing over there. I will tell you outside of those – couple of soft spots that we called out, in general, we saw a reasonable server demand in some of the other areas of the globe. And we're not in the business of forecasting the market growth per servers. And I'll point back to – we do think that the server, according to the IDC, the server market has softened and we're going to navigate our way through that. And part of the reaffirmation of the guidance or the mid range – midpoint of the guidance if you will and revenue was around, if you look at the broad capabilities and solutions set that we have with the business to the extent I have softness in certain areas also have strength in other areas. And so we're balancing our portfolio, managing the business, I think putting the framework that I previously articulated as we move through the year.
Tyler Johnson: Toni, as far the question about relative to the storage, I do think that from a linearity standpoint, storage does tend to be more backend loaded, fairly consistently…
Jeffrey Clarke: No it is, I mean to emphasize what Tom said. Look, we saw the business decelerate through. As Tom said, the first portion of the quarter, we saw a rebound. We took some pricing actions along the way. We saw the businesses that would respond to list price actions respond appropriately. We think there is certainly inventory that's being digested in the ecosystem as a whole. Clearly, last year, there was a very high growth for servers and I think we're seeing some of that being digested to the year. We're seeing some customers waited for Cascade Lake and now that we have Cascade Lake shipping. We're seeing a nice ramp to the new microprocessor technology. So I think that's encouraging. And then again you saw in our storage business and what Tom mentioned is a build up towards the end of the quarter, which is historically what we see in our largest accounts. And we saw a nice steady state through our commercial business of our storage demand. And VxRail continues to do well as a hyperconverged software-defined storage offer in the marketplace.
Robert Williams: Okay. All right. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Toni. Ian, you want to go to the next question.
Operator: Certainly. And our next question is from the line of John Roy with UBS.
John Roy: Great. Staying on the storage theme, can you give us some color on the mid range? Are you seeing people waiting for your new product refresh? And we were expecting you to do a little bit better on storage. Can you give us any more color on the competitive environment within storage?
Jeffrey Clarke: Sure, I'll start. John, this is Jeff. And then I'm sure Tom will layer in as well. We tend to look at the storage market opportunity through the price band. And when I look at our price band performance across our portfolio, I'm quite pleased on an order spaces. I mentioned orders had healthy growth for the year. We grew in the high end. We grew in – or the high price bands, that mid range price bands and the entry level price bands across our variety of products, whether that's the PowerMax product, our Isilon Unstructured product, our Unity product, and we’re pleased with that velocity if you will of our core storage array business. I don't look at it as a mid range product or category because again it's price bands. We sell the PowerMax 2000 as an example and what some would call mid range price bands. Unstructured products are sold in mid range price bands. So we tend to look at our performance across all of the portfolio. And as I said, the order spaces was healthy growth for us.
Thomas Sweet: I would add, John, given in the remarks that I made that, look, we did build backlog in storage given some of the hub storage path order of the…
Jeffrey Clarke: Order of the linearity.
Thomas Sweet: Because of the linearity of the storage orders that came in. So okay, I think we feel good about the solid order demand we saw in storage and we continue to press on. I think, we've talked a lot about the fact that Jeff and his team have refreshed the product line. We've got new storage capability coming out towards the end of the year. So we feel good about the positioning of the overall solution sets that we're offering.
Jeffrey Clarke: Yes. The capacity and coverage that we've put in place is coming online. It's coming up the productivity curve. We're encouraged by that. The product line continues to get stronger where we were a year-ago versus today is literally night and day. At Dell Technologies World, we announced extensions of Unity with a Unity XT, which is a huge performance, boost and it's very competitive in those mid range price bands. I look at what we did with storage class memory, the first to market and our high-end storage arrays. And then certainly we've talked consistently about the next-generation mid range product towards the end of the year and that remains on target.
Robert Williams: All right. Thanks John.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of David Eller with Wells Fargo.
David Eller: Good afternoon. My main question was on free cash flow, when you exclude VMware and the DFS business was negative $1.1 billion, kind of one of your toughest performances in sometime. So can you talk about the drivers of that drag in the quarter? And then just looking for some additional color on some of the prior questions you've talked about servers in China and with large enterprises. Can you just talk about China more holistically, kind of the IT spending environment overall and then from the large enterprises. What are you hearing there from large enterprises a sense of more caution related to the tariff and trade war? Any color would be helpful. Thanks.
Tyler Johnson: Hey David, this is Tyler. So maybe I'll jump in here and talk about the cash flow. So yes look, I mean typically Q1 is our weaker cash quarter. I would tell you that this was pretty much in line with expectations and that's partly why I felt comfortable paying down the $400 million, which quite frankly was not something I really planned on doing when we started the quarter. If you look at the comparison relative to last year, for example, I mean really one of the bigger drivers is that we had a pretty large compensation payouts this quarter, which was driven by the bonus. So as I look forward and I kind of look at where I am today and I think my expectations for the rest of the year, I mean as Tom said during the talking points that I feel good about us paying down the $4.8 billion. So we're on track. I'm happy, but if you think forward by the end of the year and you look at how our debt maturity towers are going to look, it's going to look much different than where we started before we did the refinancing. So feel good about kind of where we're going and so everything is on track.
Thomas Sweet: As it relates to your second part of that question, which was around China and what we're seeing in China. Look, I would tell you that that obviously it's an important market for us. It's our second largest market. I think we in the past, said its high-single – in terms of the revenue mix, in terms of the whole, its high-single digits. We obviously have a – we think a good relationship and a good business there. But clearly the U.S., China trade tensions are a bit of an overhang on the business. We did see more competitiveness in the market and principally in the server space there this quarter given say then a year-ago, where part of that is I think the component cost framework year-over-year. And what we saw were some of the opportunities there and the pricing around those just didn't make sense from a profit framework that we’re driving or trying to execute too. We also had talked about in the past relative to the China business on servers that we wanted to diversify that buyer base and we've been working on doing that. So I think we balanced with the business with what we saw in the market and what we thought was made appropriate since. Absent servers though, I mean we're pleased with the commercial client growth there. We're pleased with the storage growth in China. And so again, this is one of the things that we'll have to continue to watch that business as we move forward through the year and adjust as appropriate given what we're seeing in the market and in the broader macro dynamics.
Robert Williams: All right. Thanks Dave.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Steve Milunovich from Wolfe Research.
Steven Milunovich: Thank you. Could you explain your cloud strategy and the impact that you expect on the Company? You've got to VxRail integrated with VCS, you've got the Dell cloud platform, you've now got the Azure relationship, but Pat’s kind of gone out his way to say, hey, our number one partnership is with AWS. Could you kind of talk about what the strategy is? And then are we going to see most of the benefit of that in a VMware or on the Dell side as well?
Thomas Sweet: Sure. I'll be happy to talk about the strategy, Steve. Look, we made a big series of announcements that Dell Technologies World, a handful of weeks ago and we talked about the Dell Technologies Cloud, and we specifically talked about where you could build your own cloud platforms based on our HCI and CI stacks with VMware's Cloud Foundation. So for those organizations that want to deploy their own on-prem cloud, hybrid cloud, and have the consistency of management and automation, we provide the tools for high levels of integration to do that with our VxRail and our VCF product – or I should say VMware's VCF product. And I think that is very much a differentiated offer. You'll see us continue to build around that. We will add more capability. We talked about extensions of that platform into our primary storage arrays and you'll continue to see us be able to enable our customers to build edge deployment and core data center deployments around that. Then the other offer that we announced was our data centers a service. So basically the ability to have a public cloud experience on-prem. So your own private cloud delivered as a service in your own private data center or on the edge of your network, fully managed by us, offered as a subscription by us. It's built on VxRail and VMware Cloud Foundation. We install it. We manage it, and cut – and just like any other cloud service that a customer is consuming today. And then we also extended our cloud strategy with the announcement that we made with Microsoft that essentially we allow customers who want to use public cloud and public cloud services. VMware software-defined data center running in the cloud, including the AWS, which is already in the marketplace today. And then what we announced at Dell Technologies World, VMware services for Azure. We're pretty excited about that. We believe that gives customers a wide range of capabilities in this multi-cloud world. We see customers today deploying on average five different cloud architectures today. They want consistency and management and automation and how to deploy and how to provision? What we announced and what our strategy is to allow VMs and applications and containers to move from the edge to the core data center to the public cloud. All orchestrated by us, specifically the VMware capability and then building highly integrated infrastructure products in that to help our customers. That's the strategy that we spent the vast part of Monday and Tuesday on at Dell Technologies World talking about. Does that help?
Steven Milunovich: Well, as VMware?
Thomas Sweet: I didn't hear that last part of the question.
Steven Milunovich: It sounds like Dell hardware should benefit from this as well as VMware?
Jeffrey Clarke: The answer is it isn't highly integrated solution to us. Certainly when you look at the managed service, it's actually a Dell Technologies managed service, which has VMware components and Dell EMC infrastructure components. And if you think about the build your own or build it as a platform, clearly we will benefit from VxRail and that appliance and the IP that we put in that with a highly integrated offer with our colleagues VMware’s Cloud Foundation product.
Thomas Sweet: So you would expect to see the benefits showing up, both at Dell level, Dell EMC level as well as at a VMware level. Now obviously some of that will depend upon the mix of what the solutions set is that's being purchased, but in the extension of services that we couple around that that we'll be able to have a broad and rich set of capabilities around both the on-prem or the managed – built on-prem or managed on-prem versions.
Robert Williams: All right. Good. Well, thanks, Steve.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Huberty: Yes, thank you. A gross margin was up sequentially despite the mix shift towards low margin PCs away from some of the higher margin businesses, which is speaks to your ability to capture the volatility in commodity prices better than your competitors. So I guess the question is how much longer would you expect to benefit from particularly lower memory prices and as some of your high margin segments come back seasonally? Could we see gross margins above the level you posted in the first quarter in 2Q and 3Q? Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Katy, it's Tom. So, one – I thank you for recognizing that. We do have a broad portfolio, you're right. And we pivoted and managed the business appropriately given the dynamics we saw in the market at least in our opinion we did. As it relates to margin, we do think that component costs are – we do see deflation happening in the component cost environment over the next couple of quarters as we highlighted in our talking points. We also think about the fact that the commercial client business will continue to – in our opinion to benefit from the Win 10 Refresh cycle that's going on. And given the chip shortage, we'll have to navigate through that. So in terms of [indiscernible] do we get a margin expansion out of that? I would point you back to, as I provided in some guidance comments and part of my talking points that we do expect now to be trending towards the above the mid range on operating income in non-GAAP EPS. So I think that's how I would anchor you on that. We'll continue to manage it. The unknown is here, Katy, around the impact of trade and tariffs if that worked or come to fruition. And how would that potentially have an impact on demand. I think we feel good about the work that the supply chain team has done in terms of mitigating or mitigating – potentially mitigating the impacts of lists four, but that is a bit of an unknown. And then we'll have to see how the pricing environment behaves as we move through the year. And so again, we tried to give you some perspective, but I would again point you towards look at the operating income framework that we laid out for you as part of the part of the call.
Robert Williams: All right. Thanks, Katy. Go to the next question, Ian.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Roderick Hall: Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. I guess I wanted to just clarify the timing of the change in demand that you've seen because the tariffs stuff, the trade stuff kind of, let's say blew up in late April and yet it sounds like what you're saying in response to some of the prior questions on linearity is that you saw demand weakness earlier in the quarter? And then you made pricing changes and then that seemed to cause demand to perk up late in the quarter, which it almost sounds like demand was weak prior to some of the trade news that went the wrong way. So I just wonder if you'd comment on what you think with going on there early in the quarter when demand was weakening. Do you think macro is, I guess a little bit impaired – before this all came up or do you think more anticipating and again trade outcome?
Thomas Sweet: Hey, Rod. It's Tom. Let me frame this a little differently for you. We're talking about a couple of trends here that we saw in the year. I would tell you that our commercial client business was strong throughout the quarter. So that didn't – that was relatively strong through the quarter. And so the trade conversation if you will – it wasn't an influencer in that from what we can tell. The server conversation we had, which is what we said was soft in the first half of the quarter and picked up in the second half, I think you need to separate that a little bit from the trade and tariff conversation, right. What we saw there was a relatively soft February and first half of March in servers. We made a series of lists price moves to try and ensure that we were in the appropriate price position in early to mid March and we began to see better velocity in the – what I would call the transactional run rates server businesses as we worked our way through the quarter. I do think we saw – we did see as we said in China and in some large enterprise, some very competitive pricing or some pricing on some of these large deals that didn't make sense to us. Again, I think you've got to separate that from the trade and tariff conversation. So what we're trying to articulate, maybe not doing a great job on is to say as the server market clearly was softer than what we expected it to be. And so we spent a quarter on server sort of managing the balance of where do you push on revenue, where do you not push on revenue because the margin framework just didn't make sense. And at the end of the day, we opted towards a little less revenue and the profitability framework that we delivered. So that's how the quarter set up. And then storage velocity, which is typically has a more back-ended linearity, sort of follow that same linearity through the quarter. So the overhang here are the – the macro dynamic around trade and tariffs is one we're watching just because of you think about the impact on business confidence, consumer confidence, you think about the impact on our domestic China business. Those are the dynamics that we're also keeping our eye on. Our domestic China business, the server impact there, we were soft in servers in the China business. Some of that by design as we stepped away from these large deals that didn't make sense to us from a profitability perspective. However, on the other hand, we saw a reasonable demand growth and revenue growth in client and in storage in China. So the domestic business in China was a little bit of a mixed bag. So hopefully, I helped you to frame this a little bit better as we think about – as we thought about the dynamics that we managed our way through during the quarter.
Jeffrey Clarke: Yes, Tom, I would add, and again in our mind, the trade, tariff conversation is very different and separated from the server velocity that we've been talking about. We started and I think we both mentioned it in our Q4 call about China servers and the slowing of our China server business. So we saw that coming into the quarter. And again it's very separated from the tariff conversation that we've been having in and out of the conversation today. That velocity I think we saw – or that lack of velocity we saw continues through the quarter in Q1 in China.
Robert Williams: Great. All right. Moving to the next question.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. Keeping on the server commentary, you mentioned China a lot. Was the softness exclusive to China? And if so, would you expect it to percolate to other regions? And if not, why would it not or what so unique about that market? Thank you.
Jeffrey Clarke: Hey, Jim. This is Jeff. I'll take a swing first then Tom can come in over the top. I think we've been trying to consistently deliver a message – the China velocity or lack thereof was primarily China as it picked up. But secondly and equally important, isn’t large enterprise a handful of deals that are our opportunities if you prefer, is where we saw the significant slowdown in our business. I think Tom mentioned earlier and the other parts of our server business, we had growth. But it was isolated to our China business and those handful of large enterprise opportunities, where Tom mentioned about the economics of those and the aggressive pricing in the marketplace for those opportunities was below our profit threshold.
Thomas Sweet: Yes. And Jim, it’s Tom. I would just add to that. Look, again we're going to manage this business in a way that makes sense. We obviously want to grow. We want to grow relative to the market. We believe we've taken – we'll take share again when the results get posted next week in terms of the server overall marketplace and we'll balance the revenue and profitability profile as we work our way through the market dynamics. And so we had – we saw a reasonable growth in other parts of the globe and we'll continue to manage the business appropriately.
Jeffrey Clarke: I'd come back to relative share position, gain share. We grew our customer base and we balance given the softer market revenue and profit, I think in a very solid way.
Robert Williams: All right. Great. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Matt Cabral from Credit Suisse.
Matthew Cabral: Thank you. Tom, you touched on this in response to an earlier question, but just wondering if you talk specifically about the impact that tariffs had on margins in the quarter and just help us think about what you factored into the full-year for the new 25% rate and just any potential actions on the outstanding goods not currently covered?
Thomas Sweet: Thanks, Matt. So from what we saw, we don't believe tariffs had a substantial impact or significant impact on what margins that we saw in the quarter.
Jeffrey Clarke: No, we successfully mitigated the first three lists.
Thomas Sweet: We mitigated the first three lists. If we in fact get a raise in tariffs from 10% to 25%, we think the mitigation strategies that we put in place continue to sustain the offset or the – mitigate the impact of the tariffs. If we think about list four, we have strategies in place given our global supply chain and in our flexible supply chain. We have over 25 manufacturing facilities around the globe that we believe we'll be able to mitigate the substantial majority of that impact. So if we couple that with the guidance framework and ranges that we provided, we feel comfortable that we'll be able to navigate our way through these – through any – through the tariff conversation absent the one comment I made earlier, which is I do think if you were to see these tariffs enacted, we'll have to see what the overall effect is on consumer and business confidence relative to the demand environment. That's the one thing that's a little hard to model right now. But in terms of our cost base and what we should be able to do, I think we will be able to mitigate the vast majority of the impact.
Robert Williams: Great. All right. Thanks, Matt. Ian, I think we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Simon Leopold from Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Thank you. I wanted to maybe see if we could step back on macro apart from what's going on, on tariffs. And I think what I'm struggling with is a number of your peers and competitors selling into the IT space have cited various companies, specific reasons for a weaker sales and execution. But it seems if we net it all out that that – and I'm trying to stay apart from the tariff issues, we are seeing some softening in enterprise demand in Europe and the U.S. I'm wondering if you could maybe give your perspective from how you maybe seeing this differently or what you're seeing in terms of these macro changes. Thank you.
Thomas Sweet: Yes. Look, I mean if you just step back and think about what we see macro, there's clearly dynamics in the macro environment, right. So besides the trade and tariff conversation we've been having, you've got Brexit overhang, you've got political dynamics going on, but step back and think about the underlying IT technology investment trends, right. There is an investment cycle happening and in fact you believe the sort of the IDC framework is 2x GDP over the next number of years. And if you looked at the IDC forecast, you would see that the IDC technology investment cycle as a calendarized it by year actually the technology spend IDC forecasted to dip slightly this year, which is essentially, I think what we're seeing is a little bit of softening in the environment. I think that's undeniable. What we're trying to convey is as we manage the business in the broad set of capabilities and solutions that we have, we’re pulling various levers as we go through the quarter around managing for both growth, where we think growth is there to get that makes sense that generates profitable growth, that generates cash versus – push on growth and go by revenue with no margin or negative margin, which you can do in these business – in some of the areas. So what you're hearing us articulate is, we grew on a non-GAAP basis, revenue 2%, we built deferred revenue balances. We had a very strong client quarter. Storage demand was good. Yes, there was softness in the server environment. That's just something we'll have to continue to navigate through, principally contained in China and in some of those large enterprise, handful of large enterprise opportunities. And so I think our job is the leadership team and the management team is to execute our way through those dynamics. And that's what we'll continue to do as we were in the Q2. So look, we'll have to see how the year unfolds. You obviously heard that we still like the year the framework that we laid out at the beginning of the year. We pointed you toward the midpoint of revenue of that revenue range from a revenue framework perspective to think about and we pointed you above the midpoint of the operating income and EPS. So obviously we'll keep our eye on this and adjust as appropriate as we go through the year, but we remain optimistic about the opportunities that we have and our positioning in the market.
Robert Williams: Yes. I appreciate it. Thanks, Tom, and thanks, Simon. We'll have an opportunity to revisit this as we get to the second quarter, the end of the second quarter when we announce the results at the end of August. And then it's our current plan to have a short meeting up in New York in the September timeframe to talk more about the strategy. So we'll continue to update the Street on kind of our view, not only on the Company, but also on the overall environment and the macro and what we're seeing. So with that, we'll wrap it up. I want to let you know that we'll be at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on June 5. We'll be at Barclays High Yield Loan and Bond Conference on June 6 in Colorado Springs. And we'll also be up in Toronto, the following week on June 11 and this would be members of the Investor Relations and Treasury team. So look forward to continuing the dialogue with everyone. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-03-01 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2019 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part, without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for one year. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I'd like to turn the call over to Karen Litzler-Hollier, Director of Investor Relations. Mrs. Litzler-Hollier, you may begin.
Karen Litzler-Hollier: Thanks, Erica, and thanks everyone for joining us. With me today are our CFO, Tom Sweet; our Vice Chairman, Products and Operations, Jeff Clarke; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. We posted our press release and our web deck on our website. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Our fiscal 2019 10-K will be filed on Friday March 29. Before I turn it over to Tom, I would like to highlight a few items. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenues, gross margins, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow metrics. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Our fiscal year 2019 and Q4 non-GAAP results exclude the impact of the certain adjustments such as purchase accounting, amortization of intangibles, transaction related expenses as well as fair value equity adjustments and discrete tax items. The majority of these adjustments are noncash in nature. Please refer to the supplemental slides beginning on Slide 23 for more details. Our non-GAAP net income now excludes, among other items, fair value on mark-to-market adjustments on equity investments as well as discrete tax items. We reevaluated the presentation of non-GAAP net income and made these changes to enhance the comparability of current operating performance to past operating performance. Non-GAAP net income for prior periods has been recast to reflect this change.  Given the Class V transaction, our Q4 and fiscal year 2019 non-GAAP EPS numbers are not meaningful. We have included an adjusted non-GAAP EPS which reflects non-GAAP EPS as if the Class V transaction have happened at the beginning of the year. The view is most comparable to equity analyst models for Q4. See Slide 37 in the web deck for more detail. We will provide annual non-GAAP guidance for fiscal year 2020 later on this call. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found on Slide 33 in the web deck. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change, unless otherwise specified. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our Cautionary Statement section in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Karen. We were in the midst of a technology led investment cycle driven by digital transformation and vast amounts of data created daily. Our focus is enabling customers to digitally transform and drive their businesses forward. We have a unique portfolio in terms of breadth and capability. And our customers increasingly see us as a key partner to meet their needs from the edge to the core to the cloud, which is showing up in our results. An example of this is VxRail combining Dell EMC compute and storage with VMware software in an industry leading HCI solution with an approximate $2 billion annual run rate as of Q4. Recently we also created a unique endpoint security solution for commercial PCs through a partnership between Dell and SecureWorks. We intend to continue driving broader collaboration across our family of businesses to create new solutions to meet our customers’ growing needs. I am pleased with our strong fiscal 2019 top line velocity in financial performance. Our FY 2019 revenue was $91.3 billion, up $11 billion, or 14%. We drove strong top-line velocity with all three of our business units delivering double-digit revenue growth for the full year. Jeff will talk about our fiscal year business unit results in greater detail. We delivered operating cash flow of $7 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $10.3 billion, or 11.3% of revenue while investing back in the business, including sales coverage to support storage and buyer base expansion. Since the close of the EMC transaction, we have paid down $14.6 billion of gross debt, which excludes DFS-related and subsidiary debt, while we did add $5 billion in debt to close the Class V transaction. I want to emphasize that we are still focused on delivering and getting back to investment grade ratings. Shifting to Q4 results, revenue was $24 billion, up a percent, driven primarily by double-digit growth in servers, VMware and strong performance in commercial client. Our Q4 deferred revenue was up $1.9 billion sequentially to $24 billion reflecting higher hardware and software maintenance from growth in the business, particularly storage as we drive our solutions deeper into the data center. Gross margin was up 13% to $8 billion or 33.5% of revenue, 140 basis points increase due to higher gross margins in ISG and CSG resulting from pricing discipline involve commodity costs. We also saw higher ISG and VMware mix contribution. Operating expenses were up 13% to $5.4 billion or 22.4% of revenue. As mentioned on prior calls, we have been investing in sales capacity in other area supporting the customer experience to position ourselves for future growth. Additionally, variable compensation expense increased given the overall performance of the business. Operating income was up 12% to $2.7 billion or 11.1% of revenue. Shifting to our BU results for the quarter, ISG revenue was $9.9 billion, up 10%. Within ISG servers and networking revenue was $5.3 billion, up 14%. Storage revenue was $4.6 billion, up 7%. We are pleased with our server velocity. We continue to see significant increases in average selling prices driven by our 14th generation mix and higher value workloads requiring more memory and storage content. Storage revenue grew for the fourth consecutive quarter. We have more work to do but believe we have taken the right actions to drive meaningful long-term improvement in our storage business. ISG operating income was $1.3 billion or 12.8% of revenue. Operating income was up 110 basis points due to better profitability in storage, servers and networking. CSG revenue was $10.9 billion up 4%. Within CSG, commercial revenue was $7.8 billion up 9% driven by double-digit growth in commercial notebooks and workstations. Consumer revenue was 3.1 billion down 6% as we shifted our focus toward high-end notebooks and gaming given supply chain dynamics. CSG operating income was $555 million or 5.1% of revenue. We saw better profitability in CSG this quarter due to our mix, pricing and component costs. Our VMware business unit revenue was $2.6 billion up 17%, operating income was $872 million or 33.1% of revenue. Based on VMware’s standalone results reported earlier today VMware saw broadbased strength across a diverse product portfolio in all three geographies. License bookings for the NSX portfolio grew over 50% and licensed bookings for vSAN, which includes vSAN within VxRail were up over 60% in Q4. Our other business revenue, which includes Pivotal, Secureworks, RSA, Virtustream and Boomi was $593 million up 5%. Now let me turn it over to Tyler to update you on cash and our capital structure.
Tyler Johnson: Thanks Tom. In the fourth quarter, we generated cash flow from operations of $2.4 billion. As a reminder, Q4 is a seasonally high cash flow generation quarter while Q1 is typically lower due to factors such as revenue, seasonality and timing of corporate bonus payouts. During Q4 inclusive of transaction related fees, we used approximately $500 million to help fund the Class V conversion to the new publicly traded Class C, which impacted both cash performance and ending cash balances. For the full year cash flow from operations with $7 billion and we ended the year with a cash and investments balance of approximately $10.7 billion. Our fiscal year 2019 free cash flow when adjusted for growth and financing receivables is $3.4 billion excluding VMware. We expect that to grow over the coming years as we continue to improve our overall results. As a reminder, we initially find DFS financing receivables with cash on hand, so the growth in DFS impacts our cash flow from operations. This impact is offset in cash flow from financing when we subsequently fund DFS receivables through a third-party. This metric is an indicator of our cash flow performance and along with the balance sheet cash our ability to service debt. Please see Slide 30, in our web deck for the detailed calculations. Although fiscal year 2019 cash flow performance was good. It was lower compared to the prior year, largely due to changes in working capital as well as the transaction fees previously mentioned. As discussed in our Q3 earnings call supply chain dynamics led to a temporary increase in our inventory. Over FY20 we expect to see inventory and the associated working capital impact normalize. Dell financial services continue to have record breaking growth in fiscal year 2019 and is now almost doubled its asset base over the last five years. Fiscal year 2019 originations were $7.3 billion up 17% and we finished the year with managed assets of $9.7 billion growing 18%, our core debt balance ended the year at $39.3 billion. Net core debt, which is core debt, less cash and investments excluding unrestricted subsidiaries ended the year at $32.4 billion. Please see Slide 21 in our web deck for the detailed capitalization table. We will continue to run the same financial model built around free class flow generation, which has enabled significant debt pay down to-date. Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We are committed to reducing leverage and achieving investment grade ratings. For fiscal year 2020, we remain on track to repay approximately $4.8 billion of debt using a combination of free cash flow generation, balance sheet cash and temporary revolver draw to bridge timing of cash flows. In addition, we have already begun the process of reducing our future maturity towers (0:13:15) with an initial focus on 2021. We recently launched the refinancing of our existing $4.1 billion term loan A-2 into a new five year term loan A-6. With improved credit market conditions. We intend to smooth out our maturity profile over the coming year or optimizing our capital structure. With that, let me turn it over to Jeff to discuss the operational highlights for our business results.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks Tyler and good evening everyone. As I reflect on FY19 we have made great progress in a number of areas. We delivered profitable share gains across the entire portfolio. We have stabilized, ISG and have strength in the collaboration amongst our family of businesses including VMware, Pivotal, Boomi, and Secureworks.  We've expanded our enterprise and commercial buyer base by more than 100,000 with the investments we have made in our go-to-market engine. As a result, we saw strong FY19 growth across all three business units with ISG CSG and VMware growing 19%, 10% and 14% respectively. Starting with ISG, we are pleased with our performance, which included double digit revenue growth in all four quarters. Storage P&L revenue was up 9% for the fiscal year. We grew our storage business all four quarters. Server and networking. P&L revenue was up 28% for the fiscal year and we have delivered nine consecutive quarters of revenue growth. ISG operating income grew 35% to $4.2 billion or 11.2% of revenue primarily due to operating leverage on profitability improvements in both storage as well as server and networking. We have had strong ISG share performance throughout the year. In storage we have now gained share for three straight quarters and over 300 basis points more than anyone else in the marketplace through the first three quarters of 2018 according to IDC. During Q1 to Q3 timeframe, industry revenue grew $2.5 billion and we have captured $1.3 billion of that growth. We expect to grow share again in calendar Q4 and for the full year when IDC releases storage share results in March. We continue to see strong demand for our industry leading hyperconverged solutions and other software defined offers. Our VxRail offering grew triple digits again this quarter and we've increased our industry leading HCI share 320 basis points year-to-date through calendar year or through calendar Q3 of 2018.  We’ve increased our main share of server revenue share by 140 basis points in 2018 through Q3 and extended our share of leadership over our nearest competitor by over four points according to IDC. We expect to gain share again in Q4 when IDC releases their results in March. We remain encouraged by the market opportunity as we think about the evolving impact of multi-cloud and IT spending. We expect the public cloud to continue growing, and our momentum is a clear indicator that a healthy combination of on-prem and off-prem investment is critical in our customer's IT strategy.  Organizations are adopting a multi-cloud approach. According to IDC, 93% of organizations today use multi-clouds with an average of five or more different cloud architectures. Customers increasingly need consistency in physical and virtual infrastructure and in their cloud operations by running workloads in the cloud, in the core and now at the edge, edge, there is significant complexity with the tools, data management and SLAs. This provides a big opportunity for us across VMware, Pivotal, Boomi and Dell EMC to deliver solutions for our customers' multi-cloud needs.  Shifting to CSG, revenue grew 10%. We had a strong year with double-digit revenue growth in our commercial notebooks and workstations, our high-end consumer notebooks and displays as we continue to innovate with differentiated products and solutions such as the XPS 13, the all new Latitude 7400 two-in-one and our Alienware portfolio. At CES last month, we won 144 awards, our most ever and more than any other competitor indicative of our leadership in PC design and innovation.  Operating income for CSG was 4.5% for the year as we managed through external headwinds including foreign exchange fluctuations and supply chain challenges. We were pleased to see CSG operating margin improve back towards our long-term target in Q4. From an industry perspective, PC units declined 0.4% for the year according to IDC. Dell significantly outperformed the industry growing 5.6%. We delivered above industry growth in the desktop, notebook and workstation form factors and above industry growth in both commercial and consumer segments.  We have now increased our PC share for 24 consecutive quarters and have gained one point of units share worldwide for the year, the best performance of the top six competitors as the industry continues to consolidate. We remained the worldwide leader in workstations and displays according to IDC, Dell outgrew the industry in workstation units with 12% in 2018. Dell grew flat panel monitors 11.9% and increased share by 190 basis points in 2018 according to IDC. We reached the 20% share for the first time and have been the industry leader in flat panel monitors now for 23 consecutive quarters. I will now shift gears and talk about the increasing collaboration and innovation within our family of businesses as our integration matures. We continue to increase integration and cross sells between sales teams, most notably between Dell EMC and VMware. You have heard Pat Gelsinger talk about the revenue synergies they are realizing as part of Dell Technologies, or part of the Dell Technologies family and there a lot more to come.  We collaborate with VMware on customer solutions and have aligned our development teams around six key areas of innovation to bring higher value software to customers around compute, software-defined storage, software-defined networking, hyperconverged, the cloud Workspace ONE. Together with VMware we will talk about our broad collaboration and our cloud platform in greater detail at Dell Technologies world in late April. While we have more work to do, we are very well positioned as we head into FY’20. We will continue to focus on storage and data protection growth, server margins, VR business transformation initiatives, improving operating leverage from our investments and sales coverage and increasing sales and solutions development and collaboration across the Dell Technologies family. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. We are confident in our business and customer's receptivity to the Dell Technologies set of solutions remains strong. We believe the global macroeconomic environment heading into fiscal year 2020 remains positive, that we will need to navigate potential headwinds such as tariffs, IT spending in China and other macro dynamics. We are expecting commodity costs continue to be deflationary in aggregate to the first half of fiscal year 2020. IDC expects IT spending to grow more than twice GDP over the next few years and our market opportunity is promising. We will continue executing on our strategic focus areas which include growing above the market and driving share gains, generating strong cash flow and delivering the balance sheet, executing in ISG and driving profitability by balancing growth and margins; and being a trusted partner for our customers by listening and addressing their needs with our full range of capabilities. Moving to FY2020, we expect non-GAAP revenue between $93 billion in $96 billion. As a reminder, our guidance factors in an estimated $1 billion reduction due to the new lease accounting standard. We expect non-GAAP operating income between $9 billion and $9.6 billion, factoring in an estimated $250 million reduction due to the new leasing standard and continuing investments in sales and R&D. We expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be 18.5% plus or minus 100 basis points. We expect diluted non-GAAP EPS attributable to Dell Technologies common stock to be between $6.5 and $6.70, this range factors in the following the adjustment to net income for minority ownership interest in VMware, Pivotal and SecureWorks. Lower interest income and increased interest expense associated with the Class B transaction and diluted share count between 750 and 755 million shares. We have provided more detail on our guidance including the non-controlling interest adjustment on Slide 17 of the web deck. I'm optimistic as we head into fiscal 2020 there is more work to do, but we have many things going right from an execution perspective, client and server velocity, VMware performance in revenue synergies. We have made progress in storage this year and deepened the solution development and cross-sell collaboration across our family of businesses. We are well-positioned with one of the strongest portfolios in the industry and we believe there is no better partner than Dell Technologies to help our customers realize their digital future. We continue to run our business in a disciplined way, focused on long-term relative growth, share gain and cash flow. With that, I'll turn it back to Karen to begin Q&A.
A - Karen Litzler-Hollier: Thanks Tom. Let’s get to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Erica, can you please introduce the first participant? 
Operator: We’ll take our first question from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Thank you, good afternoon. How much of the growth in operating margin expansion in the fourth quarter ties to lower memory cost versus mix and other factors in the business?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Katy, it’s Tom. Let me start and then, Jeff, you can jump in. Look, I think if you look at – sort of look at our business as we were generally pleased with the progress we made in CSG in terms of operating profit expansion. That was a combination of mix if you think about commercial versus – consumer versus commercial mix, I should say. Also you should think about the fact that commodity cost did go in our favor this quarter. And so that was clearly helpful. And then within the ISG business, clearly Q4 is a strong storage quarter in general, for us, it traditionally has been. It was again this quarter. And obviously we saw server growth continue to be, I think, in an appropriate range for us. So look, if you step back and think about the components of the P&L, yes, I think are generally pleased with the expansion and margin Q-on-Q at an aggregate level from 30.9% in Q3 to 33.5% in Q4. And it's a combination of all of those factors that I just mentioned. Plus I think the pricing environment was relatively benign. Jeff, I don't know if you'd add anything on the component cost framework itself or any other…
Jeff Clarke: No, I think you hit it, Tom. Katy, we are in a deflationary environment. You know our model with low inventories gives exposure to the lower cost components that are reasonably quick rate. That's certainly a benefactor for us. Pricing is relatively benign as Tom mentioned. And I'll just also focus on Q4 storage growing at 7% and our ISG operating income up on a year-over-year basis in Q4 by a little over 20%. That's where the leverage of the P&L came from. That's why it's key for us to continue to grow our storage business.
Katy Huberty: That’s a great color. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: You’re welcome.
Karen Litzler-Hollier: Thanks Katy.
Operator: Our next question is from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. I'm wondering if you can comment at all about how we should think about Q1. I know you're only providing guidance for the full year. But this is really your first go-forward quarter as a public company, I think historically, you're probably down about 6% to 7% sequentially on the top line. And I'm wondering if that's sort of the right normalized base. And whether you can talk about the puts and takes on a sequential basis, particularly things like currency whether you see any change in the demand environment particularly China and whether you see any potential change in competition and pricing over the next 90 days? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Okay, Toni. It’s Tom. Let me try and sort of frame how we're thinking about it as we stepped to it. And clearly, all of you I think are familiar with our seasonal pattern, right. And Q1 is traditionally our, if you will, our softest quarter of the year if you look at sequentials, Q4 to Q1, the historical pattern at an aggregate level of roughly a minus 8% revenue and op income that sort of minus 35% and minus 40% sort of range. But I think you need to deconstruct that and think about the fact that from a storage perspective. Storage is traditionally – Q1 is traditionally the weakest storage quarter where sequentially, I think revenue is down something like 20% and operating income on the storage side of the business and think about the legacy EMC business is a good example, a good guide on that being down roughly 50. So look, I mean, sequentially Q1 is our softest quarter. And I expect it to be again this year as we think about the dynamics of the various piece parts of the P&L. The VMware traditionally is roughly down historically like 12% on the revenue sequentially. And roughly 25% from an op inc perspective. I think the other dynamic I want you guys to think about and look, we're not going to give one-specific guidance. But I do think it's important for you to think about it as we've talked a lot about the investments in, that related into the P&L they improve some long-term positioning particularly around sales capacity, sales coverage models and ensuring that we get to the right North Star ratio. And we've talked on past calls about the fact that we've got continual investments coming in through – roughly through the first half of the coming year. So I do want you to think about OpEx frameworks as you go from Q4 to Q1. If you look to a year ago, what you would have seen is OpEx roughly – increasing roughly 3% sequentially. While I don't expect that to happen, I do expect OpEx to be slightly down from the Q4 level. So I think you've got to factor that in. And then as we go through the year, what you should see is productivity improvement as we step through the year as the sales improvements begin to turn. So that's how I think about just rough framework from an FX perspective, Toni. I think in Q4 we roughly had about 200 basis point headwind. I would expect something similar in Q1 and then I think that moderates after that. You guys know that we traditionally think about FX dynamics on a quarter-on-quarter basis because of the pricing dynamics that you have to work your way through and really you know quarter-on-quarter basis it’s been relatively stable. So I think the pricing environment around FX should be relatively stable. And then look, I think as we position for the coming year, we feel good about the annual framework guidance that we provided you, to give you something to think about. And you’re right, we want to make sure you think your way through the year. Given that, we are – this is the first time that you guys are thinking about the quarterly breaks out in a more detailed level, we've tried to give you some things to think about.
Toni Sacconaghi: Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Harlib with Barclays.
Jeff Harlib: Good afternoon. In ISG, can you just talk about how you see the revenue outlook into this coming year, obviously servers was a huge performer on the revenue side this past year, and the storage was solid. I mean, do you see a convergence there? And what are some of the factors as you look at the demand environment and your position in both sub-segments?
Tom Sweet: Well, maybe I'll start with and Jeff should jump in as the owner of the ISG P&L. And Jeff, it’s Tom obviously. So look I think as we’re thinking about next year, I think let me ground you on what IDC is calling in terms of a market framework, which is server – mainstream Servers, which is the segment as a server market that we're most focused on given that’s where the profitability is, it's roughly – IDC right now is forecasted on a calendar basis, its roughly about 3.4% Servers revenue growth for the year. And they have essentially storage minus one call it flat. Dell had a stronger calendar 2018 from a market perspective. Having said that, so I think if you look at the macro dynamics that we see across the globe, look, I mean, I'm not expecting fiscal 2020 to be as strong as fiscal 2019 from a revenue growth nor have we guided you that way. But I do think it's positive, right? I mean, CPU is still growing. The mark – IT spending is – according to IDC is still roughly 2x GDP. And as you think about some of our major markets around the globe with the U.S. is roughly a 2.5% GDP call for the coming year. China, which is down from 6.6% to 6.2%. So I think the macro environment still healthy for us right now. We're going to have to go execute through some of the navigate probably through some choppy waters at times, but that's the job we have to do. So I think we feel good overall. And then Jeff, maybe you could chat about just the overall specifics of the investments we've made in with storage and servers and how we're thinking about some of the qualitative…
Jeff Clarke: Sure, I'm happy to. I mean, clearly you talked about the market indices and the forecast. In absolute terms, mainstream storage mark added $2 billion of incremental revenue. We have taken share, we're going to continue to consolidate share. We think when you look at this big $85-ish billion opportunity, two-thirds of it being in mainstream servers, our share position a little less than $30 million, there's a fair amount of room for us to consolidate, particularly when you look at high value workloads or blade or modular where we have generally a much lower market share in those ASP rich areas. So we think there's room to grow there. I think that is continued to be – at least, in my mind, continue to be bolstered by the fact that we still see on-prem private cloud early build out. We talked I think on the previous call or throughout our series of roadshows, repatriation of workloads coming back to on-prem, we continue to see that. There's been some recent research by IDC that suggest there will be $120 billion spent on hardware for on-prem private clouds over the next four years and another $100 billion on software and services on top of that. We think that bodes well for the environment on a go-forward basis, as it's clear, we're in a multi-hybrid cloud world. On the storage side, first, I'm really pleased that we have four quarters of growth in business in a row of share gain 300 basis points year to-date, as I mentioned in the prepared comments. I expect the fourth quarter in a row, and again, I've talked about a turnaround. We have plenty of work to do, but clearly we've stabilized the business. The investments that we've made in sales, capacity and coverage are yielding net new buyers, which is good to see. We continue to tune the sales compensation focus on storage, which is very important to us. The portfolio as we enter FY 2020 is in much better shape than it was a year ago. It's highly competitive where we literally have a leadership position in the high-end. And while you've heard me talk about the need to simplify and consolidate the mid range, the products that we have in the mid range today are more competitive than they were a year ago. And clearly unstructured space is a high growth area and we continue to see good performance out of our unstructured storage area. [Indiscernible] way for me to say, I – we expect a built-type plan to take share in both the mainstream server and the storage of marketplaces that we serve today. Does that help?
Jeff Harlib: Terrific. Thanks very much.
Jeff Clarke: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Rod Hall with Goldman Sachs.
Rod Hall: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to start off, and I ask Tyler on the interest rate environment. And I know you had commented, Tyler, and thanks for that on your plans to push debt maturities out. I just wonder how you're feeling about that environment. As you look at it right now, do you feel like there's an opportunity to reduce debt interest costs as you refinance? And then the second thing I wanted to do is just clarify the storage share commentary. I know that in storage, you're partly benefiting from people replacing footprint as your product portfolio, has got a little bit better and that mathematically causes share to look better. And then of course, I'm sure you're taking some share from your competitors as well. But I wonder if you could give us some kind of ideas, whether, you know, how much of your share gains are due to – just accelerated replacement activity at your existing accounts and how many are due to share that you're taking from competitors? Thanks.
Tyler Johnson: Hey, Rod. So, I’ll go first. This is Tyler. Yes, look, I think the good news is that interest rates are somewhat stable, right? I mean, we've seen the tenure come down. I think it had traded as high as like a three, two or so. It's down back for free. So, look, I think in the end it obviously depends on what the maturity profile that we pick. But I think we'll be in good shape to push some of these maturities out and probably without having a material impact on our interest expense or the weighted average interest rate.
Karen Litzler-Hollier: Hey, Rod. We're just taking one question at this time, but we can follow-up with you as an IR team.
Rod Hall: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Tom solved the guidance overall for fiscal 2020. I was wondering if you're seeing any sense of caution from any of your customers across the geos at all. And some of your competitors have noted a stronger second half in infrastructure spending. I'm wondering if you think that there is a case to be made about bio-seasonal second half versus first half or just your view on second half versus first half for Dell. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Well, let me start with the guidance and then a couple of just broad comments and then I'll flip it to Jeff maybe to talk a little bit about infrastructure as we think about the year. But, look, I think from our perspective in terms of any caution or slowdown from the customer set, I would tell you today we really haven't seen anything in terms of customers beginning to delay significant activity or to push out investments that they were planning on making. I think what we're – which I think is in part because of the – if you think about the IT spend and the IT capability being sort of central to a business model these days, that many customers are viewing it as essential. I also think that – so that's one thing. So the answer is no. Also remember our direct model, right, and that typically when we see cycles turn, particularly on a downturn, you see it first in the medium and small business. And with our direct model and our interactions with those small businesses and medium businesses, we haven't really seen that. So today, really no evidence of customer behavior changing at this point in time. And so, look, we're optimistic about fiscal year 2020. I think we're realistic that we'll have to navigate and run the business and execute well. But I think the environment is generally still positive for us. And Jeff, I don’t know how, if you could say anything about the infrastructure side as you think about the back…
Jeff Clarke: No, I think you hit all the high points, Tom. What I would add to it is, the discussions are having with customers about digital transformation continue, digital transformation is real, it's on the agenda of most of the companies from large to medium and down even to small business. And that digital transformation is driving the need to modernize and to drive towards this multi-cloud, hybrid world that I mentioned earlier. So the environment continues to be somewhat optimistic there as the digital transformation continues to be and we're in the early innings today.
Wamsi Mohan: Is it second half versus first half?
Tom Sweet: Look, we're not going to parse the year. I would just point out one thing to you which is, as you think about the investment cycle we've been on in terms of sales capacity, I think as we get to the back half of the year, we do expect to see some – the beginning of the realization of the benefit of some of those – of some of that back capacity adds. As I talked to you before about the productivity ramp occurs that there are – but I think we're optimistic about the year.
Operator: Our next question is from David Eller with Wells Fargo.
David Eller: Hi, good evening and thanks for taking the questions. You've got your guidance is, it looks like it's calling for a little bit of margin expansion throughout the year. And so I wondered if you could walk us through some of the puts and takes on, where you expect to see that, maybe on the gross margin and operating expense line and then as we look at the quarterly progression of the year. I know Tony kind of asked us a little bit earlier, but if you could just – as Q1, would you view that as probably your toughest compare of the year or would you view that a different way?
Tom Sweet: Look let me give you a couple of thoughts. One is I don't parse margin and OpEx in terms of the guidance we gave you. I do think that, we expect operating profit to expand as we, you know, in FY 2020, which is consistent with how we want to run the business. And if you think about the themes that we're driving around continuous storage and server profitability expansion, that I think that should help you in the context of thinking about – thinking about, how we think about profitability expansion over time as well as the contribution of VMware. Then as it relates to…
David Eller: Just any quarters you call out as your tough compare.
Tom Sweet: Yes. would call it, I think it was probably the toughest compare, you know, as we think about the year-over-year, that's where we saw the acceleration last year in particular in some of the storage business. So I think that's the one that has been the – probably the toughest ones as we saw it, start of the year, coupled with the OpEx investment that we've made, which we think begin to scale begin to scale on the back half of the year better than in the first half of the year. And that's how I came to think about it.
David Eller: Great. Thank you for taking the question.
Tom Sweet: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Milunovich with Wolfe Research. Okay, sorry. Our next question is from Jim Suva with Citi Investment Research.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. Looking up the slide number 12, the client solutions group segment. You know, it's quite admirable that you're year-over-year revenues grew 4%, but the question is on operating income down 1%. I see the little note there on the Slide that you talk about, offset by investment in sales coverage. Can you help us understand, are these offset in sales coverage, something that you're going to have ramping up even more as a year progressing? Are we at a run rate now that you're happy. And what do you mean by sales coverage, beause my understanding is, you know Dell does a lot of direct but you've also been using the channel a little bit more in your clients solutions group. Thank you
Jeff Clarke: Jim I'll start. This is Jeff. I'm sure Tom will add in as well, but if you think about our previous references to sales capacity and coverage. We've talked about in the broad sense across the entire business focusing a lot specifically on the storage side, but also just general sales makers to reach more customers direct and to expand our channel reaches well. So the reference is really around, we've invested on a year-over-year basis. And as Tom said in the second half of the year, we expect that sales productivity to begin to drive incremental revenue and operating margin.
Tom Sweet: I think the other thing Jeff and Jim, you should think about it. I think in my prepared remarks, I commented on that Q4 results, some incremental costs associated with incentive compensation frames, KLs and frameworks because of the strong performance of the business with some of that is just flowing through these business unit coming in as well. So that's the other thing to think about, but I think Jeff hit had hit a well which is a context of grow capacity. We, we go both direct and through the channel roughly 50% of our businesses direct, making sure that we have the right coverage model to expand customer – the net new customers as well as cross sell into other existing laws is key to our long-term success and long-term framework. So that's how we think about the coverage models.
Jim Suva: Thanks so much for the detailed, that's quite useful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster: Yes, thanks for taking my question. The guidance is quite encouraging and it's easy to align on model with it until we get to the EPS line. And I'm just wondering, is there something in other income or can you give us a little bit more specificity around net interest expense for the year so that I can figure out what the delta is here.
Tom Sweet: Look it's Tom. So Paul, I would think about it like this which is look, I mean obviously we, you know, as you said, as you work your way through the P&L and get the low operating income, there are a number of variables that are hitting. And you start with the fact that remember that we did the Class V transaction in Q4, which two elements to that obviously, right? There was an $11 billion cash dividend out from VMware that came so, interest income is going to be lower for the year and next year. And we – as you know, as part of Class V transaction, we’ve put $5 billion in debt on the balance sheet and so there's an interest carry on there.  And then you get into the tax rate, which I tried to give you some frameworks to think about, not sure what you were using in your model for tax rate. And then the non-controlling interest which can be a bit of a complicated calculation, so we tried to lay that out for everybody in terms of baseline set of assumptions on Slide 17 in the web deck. And then – so I'd ask you to take a look at that and see how that aligns to how you were thinking and if you’re more happy to talk, our IR team will call if you'd like to have a more detailed conversation on that. But that's essentially the walk as we think about it.
Paul Coster: All right, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. Just wanted to check, in February you typically make changes to your sales comp plan. I think this year you were focusing on margin in VMware. But if you could talk a bit about, what you're sort of pushing with your salespeople in terms of comp for 2020 and then also just in terms of cross sale opportunities with VMware, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Shannon, this is – excuse me Jeff and I'll take a stab and then Tom certainly will pile on as well. As I think I mentioned a little bit earlier, we are taking another tweak if you will of the sales compensation plan. I think we've communicated in the past, there's basically three buckets if you will. There's the CSG side and then within the ISG side, there is storage and the non-storage components and obviously there's VMware and VMware side within my business, we continue to bias the compensation plan on the ISG side towards storage. We continue to make tweaks towards that. We're very pleased with the progress we've made this past year and we'll continue to try to optimize that. So it's the continuation of what we've been talking about for the better part of the last year and a half. We’re pretty excited about what that means on a go-forward basis and I'm not sure I can add much more to that.
Tom Sweet: No, Jeff. Hey Shannon, it's Tom. Look, the only thing I would add is, look what we've tried not to do with the sales comp plan this year is make broad changes because all that doesn't tend to cause the sales organization to spend a fair amount of time trying to figure out the new comp plan. So what Jeff said, I think it is a nice sort of elaboration of what we're doing, which is small adjustments to make sure that we get the right focus, the right attention and we're focused on those valuable solution selling and lot that make sense to us and that we want to push. And you got to think about that both with our direct selling organization as well as with our channel, right. So we're making refinements to our channel program to incent them to ensure that they're driving the higher value offerings like storage and attaching services where appropriate. So again, it's a continued refinement, Shannon, as we continue to tune the model and I think we'll continue to make progress.
Jeff Clarke: Yes, it prompted a thought Tom, you said solutions and clearly the plan that we built this year drives toward building on the collaboration that we've dealt with VMware. So if you think about Workspace ONE and Dell, we certainly put incentives in our sales force to work on that solution across the different SAP’s. If I think about VxRail, vSAN, software-defined data center, VCF, we clearly put, if you will from sales compensation incentive behind that. I’ve mentioned cloud in my comments as well. As we think about cloud and I think I introduced this concept last time around Pivotal, Boomi, VMware, this operational control plane on top of our leading Dell EMC infrastructure products, you can imagine that we packaged some sales compensation of selling that level of integration across our Dell Technology properties as well. We'll talk more about that at Dell Technology World and I guess it's about eight, nine weeks away. But Tom prompted that, I wanted to make sure I communicated, that solution selling across the SAP and allying higher levels of integration and collaboration is clearly where we put more focus this year than last year.
Karen Litzler-Hollier: Thanks, Shannon. Erica, let's take one last question.
Operator: We’ll now take our final question from Simon Leopold with Raymond James.
Simon Leopold: Great. Appreciate that. Wanted to maybe get a little bit of a philosophical perspective, what you see as your options and priorities in terms of generating cash beyond operation. And what I'm really getting at is I understand you've pushed out maturity on the debt, but I want to get a better sense of what's available to you beyond the operating model, whether it's the best thing, certain assets or things like that. Just help us just understand what your options are. Thank you.
Tyler Johnson: Hey, yes, this is Tyler. I mean, look, I think look I'm focused on the business driving profitable growth and growing the topline which is what's going to throw off, the most consistent cash, right? So, nothing really to talk about in terms of something unique like a divestiture or something like that. The reality is we ended the year with strong cash balances, very well positioned to pay down approximate $4.8 billion which I talked about and if you flash forward to the end of the year, what you're going to see is that we will have lower debt balances and our maturity profile is going to look smoother. So a little bit of work to do, but I felt really good where we are.
Simon Leopold: Thanks very much. 
Karen Litzler-Hollier: Thanks Simon. 
Karen Litzler-Hollier: Well, that wraps up our call for today. A replay of this webcast will be available on investors.delltechnologies.com. As a reminder, we will be hosting our Annual Dell Technologies World Event April 29 through May 2, in Las Vegas. And we are planning to hold an IR track with this event this year. We'll be providing more detailed information about this event next week. Thanks everybody for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2018-11-29 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - SVP, IR Tom Sweet - CFO Jeff Clarke - Vice Chairman, Products and Operations Tyler Johnson - Treasurer
Analysts: David Eller - Wells Fargo Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Harlib - Barclays Thomas Eagan - JPMorgan Shannon Cross - Cross Research Ana Goshko - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2019 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in part or whole without prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for one year. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Victoria. Good afternoon and evening and thanks for joining us. With me today is our CFO, Tom Sweet; our Vice Chairman, Products and Operations, Jeff Clarke; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. We posted our third quarter press release and web deck on our website. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Our third quarter 10-Q will be filed on Monday, December 10. Let me take a moment to address the pending Class V transaction. Following extensive outreach and engagement, on November the 15, we announced amendments to the proposed Class V common stock transaction. We filed a supplemental to our definitive form S-4 on November 26th and we are scheduled to hold the special meeting and stockholder vote on Tuesday, December 11 at 8 AM Central Time. We expect to announce stockholder approval of the transaction on December 11.  So today, November the 29 would be the first day of the 17-day measurement period for the determination of the volume weighted average price of the Class V common stock. This volume weighted average price will be used to determine the final exchange ratio to be used in connection with the Class V transaction. In this scenario, we expect the transaction to close in this calendar year with the projected close date and first day of trading for the Class C common stock on the NYSE under the ticker symbol DELL on December the 28. Before I turn it over to Tom, I'd like to remind you of a few items. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and press release. Our Q3 non-GAAP operating income includes $2.4 billion of adjustments. A large portion of these are non-cash and relate to purchase accounting and amortization of intangibles assets. Please refer to the supplemental slides beginning on slide 22 for details of our non-GAAP adjustments. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year unless otherwise specified. Finally, I would like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in the Cautionary Statements section in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Rob. Today, Dell Technologies has assembled a broad set of capabilities that are differentiated within the industry and drive an attractive financial model. We are running the business in a disciplined way for the long-term with our primary focus on relative growth and share gain and the optimization of cash flow. Our capital structure is efficient, drives flexibility and we continue to focus our capital allocation framework on debt reduction. We are in the midst of a technology-led investment cycle, driven by digital transformation in the enormous amount of data that is getting created every day.  Our focus and investments are centered on data and the enablement through our technologies to help our customers digitally transform and drive their businesses forward. We are investing for long-term growth. We believe we have a differentiated portfolio in its breadth and capability and our customers increasingly see us as a key partner to meet their needs from the edge to the core to the cloud, which is showing up in our results. We delivered another strong quarter of top line velocity as all three of our reportable segments delivered double digit revenue growth for the third consecutive quarter.  GAAP revenue for the quarter was 22.5 billion, up 15% with a GAAP operating loss of approximately 356 million. As Rob mentioned in his introductory comments, there are many adjustments between GAAP and non-GAAP results. I do want to call out a $190 million goodwill impairment related to Virtustream due to a reset of the long-term business model, as we streamline the product portfolio. Non-GAAP revenue was 22.7 billion, up 14%, driven primarily by double digit growth in servers, commercial client and VMware.  Gross margin was up 8% to 7 billion and was 30.9% of revenue, which was down 170 basis points due to mix dynamics within ISG, as server results continued to be strong and foreign exchange impacts and supply chain headwinds within CSG. Operating expense was 4.9 billion, up 13% and was 21.8% of revenue as our investments layered in, which is consistent with our comments on the Q2 call regarding the back half of this year. As a reminder, these investments are principally focused on go to market coverage expansion. Operating income was down 2% to 2.1 billion or 9.1% of revenue. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was 2.4 billion or 10.7% of revenue. On a trailing 12-months basis, adjusted EBITDA was 10 billion. Turning to the business segments, revenue for the infrastructure solutions group was 8.9 billion, up 19%. The increase was driven by a 30% growth in servers and networking to 5.1 billion and 6% growth in storage to 3.9 billion. This marked the third consecutive quarter of revenue growth for storage, as we continue to make progress. Quite frankly, we would have liked to have seen higher growth in storage this quarter, but we do believe we have taken the right actions to drive meaningful long-term improvements in the storage business. We are pleased with the overall server velocity.  We continue to see strong demand for our PowerEdge server products and significant increases in server average selling prices, driven by increased acceptance of our 14th generation products and increases in memory and storage content. Operating income for ISG was 935 million or 10.5% of revenue, which is down 100 basis points. Similar to the past few quarters, we continue to see a mix shift within ISG to the strength in servers that impacted our overall ISG operating margin percentage. Revenue for the client solutions group was up 11% to 10.9 billion. Commercial revenue grew 12% to 7.6 billion, driven by balanced double digit growth in commercial notebooks, desktops and workstations. Consumer revenue was 3.3 billion, up 8%, primarily due to strength in notebooks. CSG operating income was 447 million or 4.1% of revenue. Operating income was down 29% against a stronger prior period and though an improvement from Q2, it was still lower than our expectations as the team navigated through foreign exchange and supply chain headwinds.  Overall, we continue to be pleased with the business trajectory and relative performance and we'll continue to focus on relative growth and improving profitability through pricing and go to market execution around product mix and attach.  The VMware segment had another strong quarter, delivering 2.2 billion of revenue, which was up 15%. Operating income was 768 million or 34.5% of revenue. Based on VMware standalone results reported earlier today, the company had license revenue growth of 17%, driven by broad portfolio of strength with license bookings growth up double digits for NSX and VSAN and VxRail and up high single digits for [Technical Difficulty] end user computing and core software defined datacenter. Revenue from our other businesses, which includes Pivotal, SecureWorks, RSA Security, Virtustream and Boomi was 583 million, up 5%.  Now, let me turn it over to Tyler to walk you through our capital structure.
Tyler Johnson: Thanks, Tom. In the third quarter, we generated cash flow from operations of $833 million. It is typical that cash flow is lower in Q3 due to the seasonal decline in revenue and this follows the strong cash performance we saw in Q2. In addition, Q3 cash flow was impacted by higher inventory as a result of overall business growth, holiday seasonality and supply chain dynamics. We expect these working capital dynamics to be temporary, but the impacts could last a few more quarters.  On a trailing 12 months basis, cash flow from operations was 7.7 billion and we ended Q3 with a cash and investments balance of approximately 20.4 billion. Deferred revenue was 22.1 billion, up approximately 3.3 billion year-over-year and growing slightly faster than top line revenue. Deferred revenue growth reflects higher hardware and software maintenance from growth in the business. During Q3, we repaid $1.2 billion of debt, which included prepaying the outstanding balance of our term loan A3, scheduled to mature in December of this year plus another approximately 100 million of amortization. Our core debt balance ended the quarter at 36.2 billion.  Net core debt, which is core debt less cash and investments, excluding unrestricted subsidiaries, ended the quarter at 30.2 billion. Total debt decreased to 49.4 billion, down approximately 940 million compared to the prior quarter due to our debt repayment, partially offset by an increase of approximately 350 million in DFS debt. Dell financial services originations were 1.6 billion, essentially flat year-over-year as the business begins to normalize after the EMC integration. We finished the third quarter with financing receivables of 8.1 billion, which was up 1.1 billion or 16% compared to Q3 of last year. These receivables are funded by 7.1 billion of non-core debt, mainly through securitization. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, let me touch on a couple of points related to the Class V transaction and capital allocation. Assuming investors elect the maximum cash option, our overall cash and investments balance will decline approximately 11 billion in Q4 due to the VMware special dividend paid to stockholders. In addition, as disclosed in our November 15 press release, announcing the revised Class V transaction, we have received commitments for up to $5 billion of bridge financing, so our debt balance will increase when we close the transaction, assuming investors elect the maximum cash option.  Regarding the permanent financing, related to the bridge, we will pick a prudent approach, minimizing our cost of capital, while maintaining a manageable maturity profile. We remain committed to de-leveraging and achieving investment grade ratings from the rating agencies, though we acknowledge that timing may now be delayed. We believe the incremental debt associated with this unique transaction is appropriate, helping to further align economic and equity interest within Dell Technologies, as we look at the long-term framework of the company. We will continue to run the same financial model, built around free cash flow generation, which has enabled a significant amount to de-leveraging to date.  Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged with the majority being used to reduce debt. Since closing the EMC transaction, we've paid down approximately 14.4 billion of gross debt, excluding DFS related and subsidiary debt, while continuing to make appropriate and timely business investments. As we look forward to FY20, our intent is to pay down the full 4.8 billion coming due using a combination of free cash flow generation, balance sheet cash and short-term revolver draw. We will also continue to evaluate refinancing opportunities as we optimize our capital structure. With that, let me turn it over to Jeff to discuss the operational highlights for ISG and CSG.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Tyler and good evening, everyone. At our Analyst Day in September, you heard us talk about the data era and that -- and how that data is creating new opportunities and trends in artificial intelligence, machine learning, 5G and edge computing. The data era is creating a new set of IT requirements in how that data is managed, stored, analyzed, secured and protected, presenting an exciting opportunity for Dell Technologies. We are seeing this opportunity translate into our businesses, adding more than 75,000 new buyers year-to-date across our commercial and enterprise sales organizations.  Moving to the businesses, we are pleased with the results for the ISG segment, which delivered its third consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. Storage had its third straight quarter of positive growth and servers and networking delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of growth. ISG operating income grew 7% to $935 million, which was slower than the revenue growth, but consistent with the server’s storage and mix dynamics within ISG. Storage revenue was up 6% in the quarter. We saw double digit growth in demand for high end, file based and all flash storage.  As Tom said, we would have liked to have seen our storage business grow faster. We continue to focus on accelerating the velocity in mid-range storage through significant investments in our go to market engine to increase capacity and coverage, focused innovation to increase the competitiveness of the portfolio and working towards a new mid-range product that is expected to be available by the end of next year. We continue to see strong demand for our market leading hyper-converged portfolio and other software defined offers. Our VxRail offerings saw triple digit growth again this quarter and -- this quarter on a demand basis and now is well above $1 billion run rate.  For servers, we are pleased with the continued strength of our business. We saw double digit growth in both server units and the average selling prices. IDC is forecasting continued growth and TAM expansion, as their expected revenue growth of 24% for mainstream servers for calendar year 2018. We are advancing our multi-cloud strategy with a broad portfolio of solutions and services, supporting hybrid on and off premise private and public cloud offerings and Dell is -- Dell EMC is the number one IT infrastructure provider in the world, offering a wide variety of cloud platforms, cloud enabled infrastructure, consumption models and services, all from one place. Shifting to CSG, we had another strong quarter with double digit revenue growth in our commercial notebooks, desktops, workstations and our high end consumer notebooks. Client software and peripherals continued to be a highlight with double digit revenue growth in displays and high single digit growth in client peripherals. Operating income from CSG continues to be a focus area, as we focus or as we focus on balanced growth and profitability, while managing through a few external headwinds, including foreign exchange fluctuation and supply chain challenges.  We are pleased to see CSG profitability improve quarter-over-quarter and we were able to -- excuse me, as we were able to successfully manage some of the macro headwinds already discussed through repricing, and we saw a slight deflationary cost environment that helped us. Looking at the broader PC industry, unit growth was 0.2% for calendar Q3 according to IDC. Dell significantly outperformed the worldwide industry growing units 5.8% in calendar Q3, delivering above industry growth in desktops, notebooks and in total commercial PCs.  We increased our global PC share on a year-over-year basis for the 23rd consecutive quarter as we gained 90 basis points of unit share gain or unit share worldwide. We continue to believe the industry is in a Windows 10 refresh cycle. We are the industry leader in workstations and displays worldwide. In calendar Q3, according to IDC, Dell outgrew the industry in workstation units with 13% growth. We saw positive year-over-year growth in every region and double digit growth in both fixed and mobile workstation form factors. For displays, Dell outgrew the industry in calendar Q3 based on display search data to maintain its number one ranking for the 22nd consecutive quarter.  We are focused on modernizing IT through innovation to drive better business outcomes using data driven artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. We offer massively scalable, easily managed, high performance systems that can support both traditional and data intensive emerging workflows for multiple use cases and verticals, including automotive, financial services, manufacturing and healthcare and we do this in a landscape that continues to evolve with more and more data being generated at the edge. Our end-to-end portfolio positions us and our customers well to take on these opportunities in the data era. We continue to collaborate with VMware and have aligned our development teams around six key innovation areas to bring higher value software to our customers.  The areas include compute, software defined storage, software defined networking, hyper-converge, cloud and workspace one. Earlier this month, at VMworld Europe, we announce enhancements to the VxRail and the VxBlock System 1000 designed to help customers further automate their operations -- of their operations in the modern data center in their hybrid cloud environments. This collaboration along with the work that we are doing with Secureworks, Boomi and RSA is a clear example of how we are truly better together deliver best in class solutions for our customers. In closing, earlier this month, we met with industry analysts in Chicago and their response to our strategy and customer positioning was very positive. We are pleased with the performance in the business so far this year and remain focused on executing our strategy as we finish out FY19 and look ahead to FY20. We've made the right decisions for long term growth and are confident we have the broadest and most advanced portfolio to help customers with their digital transformations. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Looking forward, we are confident in the business with customer receptivity to the Dell Technologies set of solutions is strong and the global macroeconomic environment is still positive, albeit with headwinds as we look around the globe. Overall, we're optimistic about the market opportunity and we will continue executing our strategic areas of focus. As a reminder, these include growing above the market and driving share gains, generating strong cash flow and de-levering the balance sheet, executing in ISG and driving profitability by balancing growth and margins and being a trusted partner for our customers by listening and addressing their needs with our full range of capabilities.  As we look to close out fiscal ’19, our guidance for the full year is unchanged. We expect non-GAAP revenue of between 90.5 billion and 92 billion, non-GAAP operating income between 8.4 billion and 8.8 billion and non-GAAP net income between 4.9 billion and 5.3 billion. While still very early in the quarter, for the full year, we are trending slightly below the midpoint of the range for revenue and slightly above the midpoint of the range for operating income. Given the pending class V transaction, I want to touch on fiscal ‘20 and beyond. The long term financial framework that we provided at the September Analyst Meeting remains the same. We expect to update our fiscal ‘20 framework during our earnings call in March. However, here are some early thoughts that I'd like you to consider.  First, we will have an accounting change related to the new leasing standard, beginning in Q1. The standard will result in more of the leases Dell originates being accounted for as operating leases with the associated hardware revenue recognized over time versus upfront in a capital lease transaction. The leasing standard is prospective, not retroactive for this change and the impacts will depend upon the mix of the business and other factors. Our current FY20 estimate for this new standard will reduce revenue by between 500 million and 1.5 billion and reduce operating income by between 150 million to 250 million. There is no impact on cash and EBITDA is expected to be marginally higher, given the new depreciation will be slightly more than the gross margin reduction in fiscal ‘20. The P&L impact should normalize over a 3-year period.  Second, we continue to invest in the business in areas such as sales, R&D and our strategically aligned businesses with these investments layering in during the second half of the current fiscal year and the first part of fiscal ‘20. We are making these decisions with a disciplined approach and for the long -- and for long term growth of the company and we expect to start seeing the return on these investments, particularly in sales productivity as the year progresses. Third, given the size of our Dell Technologies Capital Ventures portfolio, we could experience variability quarter-to-quarter in financing and other due to the mark-to-market accounting rules that went into effect this year. Lastly, pending the continued issuance of regulatory guidance on tax reform, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be between 19% and 21%. In closing, we look forward to the stockholder vote on December 11. We believe that the Class V transaction will afford Class V stockholders the opportunity to participate in the future value creation of Dell Technologies through ownership of the Class C common stock. We have made significant investments to position our company to achieve sustainable long-term growth by creating a leading global end to end technology provider with significant scale and a comprehensive portfolio of IT, hardware, software and service solutions. As we have communicated in the past, we are managing and running the business for the long term and will make the appropriate investments to ensure we are well positioned for future growth, as we enable our customers to meet their business needs of tomorrow.  With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question with one short follow-up if you have one. Victoria, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: We will take our first question from David Eller with Wells Fargo.
David Eller: Good evening. Thank you for taking the question. On slide 17, you've kind of put back out the operating income margin expectations you've got over the long term, but I think the -- I think this is the first time we've seen the 14% operating margin guidance for the ISG segment. Could you talk a little bit about expectations for, I know, growing storage is probably your primary growth objective at this point, but how much does it have to outgrow servers and networking to get to that 14% margin over time?
Tom Sweet: Look, hey, David. This is Tom. Good question. Look, the way we think about it is we have P&L frameworks as we think about the various pieces of our business and the various aspects of our business. And so long term, we have a North Star P&L construct through the ISG business that migrates profitability up, as we've highlighted in that guidance. And the two key drivers around that guidance are going to be the continued growth of storage that we've had three straight quarters now of year-over-year growth in storage and the longer term framework is such that we have to roughly recapture about 60% to 70% of the share loss that we experienced over the previous, I guess, almost 4 years before we started turning the corner this year. And so there is a growth dynamic there within the storage space. The other dynamic around that quite frankly is around continuing to migrate up server profitability over time, as we've talked about in the past and the actions that we have underway around that as we continue to make sure that our server business is positioned, not only for today, but for the 2021, 2023 timeframe.
Jeff Clarke: And then maybe a couple of other data points, David. So, as Tom said, the lost share in the business had been declining 15 of the 16 previous quarters. We now have three quarters in a row of revenue growth, 10% in Q1, 13% in Q2, 6% in Q3. We took 330 basis points of share in Q1, 100 basis points of share in Q2. We expect based on what we know to be able to take share in Q3. We have a trend, in my words and Tom and I often have this conversation, we've stabilized a business that was in decline. We have work to do to continue to grow. And we've talked about this the last several calls, part of the growth plan is investing in sales capacity and coverage to grow the buyer base.  We are committed to grow the buyer base. We need more storage buyers and we are putting in the capacity in both our enterprise and commercial sales organizations to do so. The second lynchpin of that was to improve the overall competitiveness of the product. We have done that over the last 14 months, increasingly improving the wide -- broad portfolio, starting with the refresh of the PowerMax product, the high end highest performance storage array in the marketplace today and a number of performance improvements along -- over the years. That is the foundation for us to grow, as we move through this framework. The other part of our ISG operating income improvement needs to be continued server improvement. We've talked about this as well, moving up to the higher workloads where there are higher margins. We have an internal program that we call server business transformation, which is fundamentally getting us to fight making our business model more competitive and allowing us to move into the higher value workloads that are emerging today that carry better margins. That's what we're working on.
David Eller: Great. And then a follow-up question on client solutions, it looks like one of your large competitors in a call just a little while ago talked about CPU shortages constraining growth in the first half of ’19, tariff expectations, foreign exchange headwinds and all that kind of driving lower cash flow for their computer business. So, could you just talk about what you've got embedded for the first half of ‘19 when it comes to -- or calendar ‘19 when it comes to tariffs, FX and demand impacts there?
Tom Sweet: Well, okay, it’s Tom again. We don't give guidance, but perhaps maybe Jeff can give you some thoughts around how we think about the framework about how we're running the PC business.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. I think there are several questions in there. If you think about the framework of we've communicated publicly about our PC business is a framework of outperforming the relative -- on a relative basis, outperforming the industry, roughly 115 basis points. We look at that as fundamentally how do we perform relative to the rest of the industry. We put that framework in place. You know we're driving this business in the consolidation that is occurring in the PC industry that we are driving it for profit, driving it for scale and driving it for cash flow. Those are the strategic tenets of the business with a strong influence of innovation to drive differentiation across our various platforms.  We do have some headwinds. You named the three of them that certainly I called out as some supply chain headwinds in the quarter, some foreign currency headwinds in the quarter and clearly, we didn't call out tariffs. There is certainly uncertainty with the tariff picture, but we've successfully, with our supply chain, the optionality that we have, have navigated the current list for tariffs quite successfully. You may not know most of our desktops are already built in North America anyway, so we didn't have a bunch of hurdles to jump through and where we have incurred in higher costs with tariffs, we have passed that through to end users. Interestingly, we haven't seen an impact or no apparent impact to demand, as we have done that. Does that help?
David Eller: Very helpful.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: I guess most of -- you guys made comments couple of times in the prepared statements that you wish your storage business grew faster than the 6% number it had. I’m curious what were the impediments that led to the deceleration versus the 13% and 10% growth you’ve had the last two quarters, what led to the downtick and does that kind of revert back as you go into calendar ‘19.
Tyler Johnson: Well, I think I called out specifically, Tom may even as well, it's the performance in the mid-range of our portfolio. I believe I called out we had double digit performance in high end in our [unstructured] [ph] portfolio and our all flash portfolio. It is the mid-range portfolio that didn't grow to the degree that we would have liked. It's where we've put the most effort in innovation to close the competitive gaps that we would have had over the past year. We feel very good where the portfolio is today as we head into next year and we think that combined with this increased capacity and coverage and a focus on increasing the buyer base is how we're going to drive and grow the storage business into next year. Mind you, it still grew 6% and given our relative compares over the last four years, I'd put this into the pleased, but certainly not satisfied category that again we've stabilized the business with three consecutive quarters of growth.
Amit Daryanani: And if I could just follow-up, when we think about this 14% margin target on the ISG side as you were talking about, is there a revenue run rate that you need to achieve to get there and secondarily are any cost containment efforts that you have ongoing that could get some delta from 9% to 14% if the revenue base doesn't grow, [indiscernible] is the big focus here, but just trying to understand how much margin expansion can be done with cost containment versus revenue growth?
Tom Sweet: Look, the overall revenue growth framework for the long term guidance is out there, right, and we provided that framework. So there is anticipated revenue growth, and as Jeff said, we run the business to take share and grow at a premium to the market.
Jeff Clarke: And we have a framework by each of the two large businesses in ISG that's -- it's relative performance.
Tom Sweet: So, and we structured the guidance that way and you would appreciate this, Amit, just because look, I'm not smart enough or we're not smart enough to call the market what it looks like in FY20 or ‘21 or ‘22 per se. We use IDC and some other third-party industry analysts to help us frame the market opportunity, but then -- but our vision is whatever the market is, we want to grow at a premium to that. Having said that, look, I mean, we continue to think there's continued efficiency and the cost structure that needs to happen and I think I've been -- I've talked about that in the past in the context of, one, we've made significant investment back into the business, particularly around go to market selling capacity and so that capacity needs to come up the productivity curve that was in the business case that were presented to us that we approved, which drove the investment.  Now to date, as we track that – those cohorts that have come in from a sales capacity perspective, they are on that productivity curve, but it's early and that's why you heard me talk about in my framework around FY20, some thoughts around, hey, look we knew the back half of this year and early next year was going to be -- we have some cost dynamics there as that investment ramps and we expect that to improve as we go through the year. So we will continue to look for cost efficiencies and drive cost efficiencies and if you know our history, we have a history of taking out appropriate costs when we need to and making sure the P&L works the way we want it to work and we'll continue to look for those opportunities as we move forward.  But we do believe, by and large, as it relates to storage in particular that the opportunity there is growth. And that we need to get back on a consistent premium to market growth trajectory that will allow us to recapture some -- a fair amount of the share loss that we experienced over the last number of years. So that's the playbook that we're running right now.
Jeff Clarke: You called it out Tom, it’s relative performance. We’ve publicly communicated an 8 to 9 point premium to industry growth. That lever over a 5-year period claws back just as you said, roughly two-thirds of the share loss that we've had over the previous four years and that's the catalyst for growth in our storage business.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Harlib with Barclays.
Jeff Harlib: Tom, you talked about the global macroeconomic headwinds. Can you just say if you've seen, particularly in your storage server business, any indications of a slowdown with your customer base and I also just want to know if the pressure on NAND prices, how that's affecting margins in your storage business.
Tom Sweet: Look, Jeff, let me take the first one and then maybe Jeff and I will tag team the second part of that question. The first part on global economic environment and headwinds, the reality is that to date, not really other than in a few concentrated spots where perhaps there's been a slight investment pause in certain classes of customers and a good example of that is UK public, given the Brexit dynamic. But in general, not yet, why I said it the way I said it though was because as we look into next year, one, if you’ve flashed back nine months ago, the environment was uniformly positive, right, and there wasn’t a lot of chatter around interest rate dynamics, Brexit, although Brexit was clearly there, but given the booming timeline, it's become more prominent. Some of the macroeconomics or global tariff conversation wasn't in swing then.  So there is more noise in the environment is the way I would say it. And what we're concerned about, although we haven't seen it yet, is does that have a cumulative effect on business confidence, right. And we haven't seen it yet, but it's just something we're keeping our eye on as we plan next year and as we think about where we want to position the business. So, look, I was trying to be relatively transparent with you guys just about as we think about the macro, it’s still positive. Global growth is forecasted to be mid to upper 2.5, 2.8, something in that range depending upon which forecast you believe. Now, that's down from this year, but still positive and still healthy in a relative sense, but it's just something we're keeping our eye on.
Jeff Clarke: Well, then you have underneath that, what we believe is a technology led investment cycle, where this data era that we've referenced in our discussions since September is taking a life on its own where companies are having to invest in modernizing their infrastructure. You asked about, are we seeing this on our server business? Our server networking business over the last four quarters is around 32%, 27%, 41%, 34% and 30%. We are seeing mainstream server and on-prem deployment continuing to be strong in the business.
Tom Sweet: And then Jeff, what was the second part of that question?
Jeff Harlib: Just if there was any -- with the NAND price pressure, how that impacts the flash, the solid state part of your storage business?
Tom Sweet: Yeah. I'm not sure what price pressure is, we think NAND is deflationary right now, SSD sort of.
Jeff Harlib: I’m sorry, that's what I meant, deflationary. Yeah. If there's any benefit or how that's affecting your margins?
Tom Sweet: It is benefiting margins. In our model, we do well in deflationary cost environments from our largest products and most advanced products and storage arrays that use a lot of SSDs all the way down to our PC business. We think there is a deflationary environment for commodities like DRAM, NAND and displays through the first half of next year.
Jeff Harlib: And then my follow-up, just the transaction costs and other corporate in EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA calculations have gone up this quarter. I assume some of that is the DVMT transaction, but are there any unusual items there and how should we look at those line items?
Tom Sweet: Well, Jeff, remember that I highlighted in my talk track, the goodwill impairment charge that we took on Virtustream of 190 million. So that took a big part of that change. Bon-cash, but we needed to reset that business model and some of the solution capability there relative to where we think the market is moving. So that's principally the biggest change.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Thomas Eagan with JPMorgan.
Thomas Eagan: Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. My first question is, I know you guys don't give guidance, but I wondered Tom, if you could talk sort of qualitatively about the announcement that Amazon made the other day regarding it's looking to get into the hardware business for private cloud. I think on the VMware call, they talked about 2020 revenues being -- growing 12% and that included the additional revenue in bookings they expect to get, because of that. I know, Dell has sort of – it’s sort of a mixed thing for you. You get the upside of VMware and potentially get another competitor in servers and networking, so maybe you could just talk a little bit about how you're viewing that going into next year? Is that a plus for Dell on the whole? Is it a push? Is it potentially a negative?
Tom Sweet: Look, hey, Tom, great question. Look, I’ll let Jeff chime in since it's really his business. But since I get the first answer…
Jeff Clarke: And I'm not the boss.
Tom Sweet: So, look, I think overall, what we think is that it validates our view of the world, which is it's a multi-cloud hybrid world, right and you see the positioning that's happening in the industry around that framework. So, look, obviously, it's a competitor, but I do think that we've been in that world and I think it just reinforces our view of where technology and how computer is being used in migrating to – is migrating to and then Jeff…
Jeff Clarke: I don't know how to forecast what the revenues and the impacts are or what they're going to do. What I can tell you from our side, it wasn't unexpected. I think from my point of view, it really is a validation of what we've been saying is the world is really a multi-cloud hybrid world, not everything's going to go to a handful of public clouds. We think this multi-cloud hybrid world is certainly where business is going. We are seeing workloads repatriate to on-prem for cost reasons, security reasons and performance reasons and we think Dell Technologies is positioned quite nicely in this world.  If you think about it with Pivotal and our ability to be sort of the tip of the spear of this platform with cloud native application and container methodologies allow our customers to modernize their software stack, you think about Boomi and data integration and our ability to bring back to the platform all around VMware that we view as a control plane and a operational hub and this operational hub can expand and extend into the private, into public, into bare metal deployment.  And then if you think about the solutions that we've built today around VxRail, VxBlock and VxRack, and our ability to take VMware’s VCF platform, VMC and the broader VCP ecosystem, we think we are already doing this work, we can help customers work in a hybrid cloud, a multi-cloud world and you can have this operational hub extend from the edge to the core to the cloud all for one platform from Dell Technologies. So we think we're in a pretty good position of where the technology is moving to. Did that help?
Thomas Eagan: Yes. It did. Thank you. And then for my follow up, Tyler, I think that the Dell was looking to pay down $4.8 billion coming due in the coming year and I think you gave a whole bunch of ways you could do it free cash flow, refinancing, the revolver. I guess the question I have is how much of that do you think would be free cash flow, in other words, how much would truly be a pay down of debt, set of refinancing somehow and would you use free cash flow from VMware to take some of that down, kind of like you use free cash flow from VMware to take down DVMT?
Tyler Johnson: Yeah. Hey, this is Tyler. So I apologize, maybe it wasn't clear in terms of my talking points. But really I guess the way we're thinking about that is look, our intent is to pay that down and not refinance it now. So, a portion of that will come from -- majority of that will come from free cash flow generation, a portion with the cash that we have on our balance sheet and if you remember last year, you'll see the same trend where in Q4, we’ll start to build cash and we'll keep that cash and hold it for those June maturities. And then look, because of the timing of cash flow, my expectation is we'll use a little bit of our revolver and so there's probably -- my suggestion is that we'll have some of that revolver outstanding at the end of Q2.  Now, it really depends on where our cash does come in over the course of the next few quarters. But then over the course of Q3 and Q4, we'll pay that revolver back. So I really wouldn't view that or think about that as a refinancing. We're going to pay that debt down. And as it relates to VMware, I mean, look, nothing has really changed in terms of how we operate with VMware and we want to make sure that they're growing their business appropriately and so there's no intent or plans or I'm not modeling getting any cash from VMware.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: My first is regarding the accounting change you expect in Q1, just to make sure that that we understand exactly as you're hopefully at least going to be publicly traded after December. The first quarter, I believe, Tom, you said 500 million to 1.5 billion impact or was that annual and is there any seasonality that we should think about, as we look at that?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Shannon, the numbers I gave you were for a full year estimate, right? So for all of fiscal ’20, the seasonality will follow the seasonality of the business because it will depend upon within the revenue streams that are coming in and what part of that is financed through DFS and then what part of those would fall into a lease construct that was previously a capital lease, but will now be -- have to be accounted for as an operating lease. Let me do highlight though that there is no impact on cash.  This is a financial statement presentation perspective and that EBITDA will actually be slightly higher as we think about the full year, but I was trying to make sure that you guys, as you begin to think about building models for what will we assume will be at some point a publicly traded Class C that the guidance framework that we put out earlier in the year which gave you those sort of long-term frameworks did not have in it the impact of the leasing standard change. And so that’s -- we're trying to give you some air cover to help you think your way through that.
Shannon Cross: And just to be clear, you're not -- there's no -- you said it's prospective, not retrospective? So it'll just change going forward?
Tom Sweet: That's correct. It's prospective if I get those words out properly.
Shannon Cross: And then Jeff, can you talk a bit about what's going on with Intel. We just got off HP's call and clearly they're expecting both in the high and the low end to see some pressure related to CPU shortages. So from your standpoint, did you start to see it this quarter? Can you give us some idea of magnitude, just what can you tell us about what's going on there?
Jeff Clarke: Well, they are probably better able to tell you what's going on at Intel. Let’s see. Look, I’m sure you've heard from my competitors or I should say, our competitors, there are supply constraints. There's no doubt. There's no denial that there is tightness in CPUs. And we have seen that and we've seen that across a range of SKUs. We are working at real time as you'd expect us to do. We believe with our direct model, we have a lot of ability to be able to shape demand. We haven't built this stuff months in advance and we're stuck with what was coming, so we have the ability to dynamically shape with our direct model and sell configurations that we can build. We are doing that, we are changing the lead time, we are adjusting price to throttle demand in areas where we're short and certainly pricing where we have parts, so we can create demand there.  We have incurred costs to do that, particularly what happens as we are having to air freight and expedite in the supply chain, which was the reference I made about the added cost in our model or in our business of being able to build flexibility. We see that, I see it today, I see it through Q4, it will be a challenge throughout the quarter. We believe we have positioned ourselves appropriately. I don't see any apparent impact to demand and we're going to continue to help with our customer or help deliver to our customers and they give us the luxury of taking their orders, so we're working through it. As a challenge, of course is we again are literally dynamically working this every single day. If you go to the website, we are changing lead time, we are changing price, we're changing configuration based on what we're expecting to have come and we're going to continue to do that. I don’t know if that helps answer your question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ana Goshko with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ana Goshko: Wanted to focus on free cash flow a little bit, I guess, this is for Tyler. So in the quarter, you mentioned the pressures aside from seasonal, it sounds like the biggest one was really inventory as you grapple with and try to deal with these supply chain issues. And if we do exclude VMware, kind of deconsolidate that, then the Dell mothership free cash flow, I think that was negative in the quarter. And then you talked about some continued kind of inventory buildup expectation for the next several quarters. So wondering what the expectation is to have that kind of as the Dell Classic free cash flow turn positive? I guess that’s the first question.
Tyler Johnson: Yeah. Look, I think, I mean, you're a 100% correct. I mean, this is a little bit atypical, although cash flow in Q3, as you know is, it does tend to trend lower. But the inventory clearly had an impact and look we’re through it. I mean, so, I think what you'll see is, it'll probably take us a few quarters, I mean, to build an inventory which for good reason and we want to make sure we're in the right position for our customers and I would expect probably over the course of the first half of the year, next year, we will have those down to the normal levels that we typically see.
Tom Sweet: Yeah. Hi, Tyler. I just want to make sure they understand, so, we don't think -- this is not the new normal where we're going to. There are specific business reasons why we thought it was prudent to add inventory into the balance sheet in order to, highlighted some supply chain dynamics, we’ve highlighted the fact that we have to have a strong Q4 seasonally strong, we need to be positioned for our customers, so -- but this is not the new normal where we're going to run inventory.
Ana Goshko: And then just to follow up on that then, so I’m having a little bit of trouble sort of reconciling the answer that you gave to Tom Eagan on the ability to repay over $4 billion of debt from free cash flow, because without VMware, I mean that's not where you guys are tracking. I think last year, the Dell classic business had low $2 billion of free cash flow. That's kind of where you're tracking on a pro rata basis this year, so I’m just you, it seems like you're de-leveraging plans due to some degree depending on being able to access via more free cash flow and wonder why that's off the table?
Tyler Johnson: Well, look, without giving guidance about what we see next year’s cash flow, as we've modeled this out and forecasted this out, I mean, we're going to throw off good cash and obviously Q4 is always an up-quarter for cash. Q1 tends to be a weaker quarter and then that's followed by a good Q2. And as I mentioned, we've got over $3 billion, $3.3 billion revolver, which is undrawn and my expectation is we will dip on that, dip into that, it's purely bridging, right. So it's bridging me into that part of the year, next year where we do start to generate good cash flow and we typically generate a bit more in the second half of the year, but no, I mean, once again, based on what I know now and my expectations, we’ll be in a good position to pay that down.
Rob Williams: All right. This is Rob. I'm going to go ahead and take that as an opportunity to make that the last call. Thank you, Ana. Appreciate everyone joining tonight. I wish everyone a happy holiday season and hope you get to spend time with your family and friends. We look forward to an expected close of the transaction in December and expected trading as a Class C common on the 28th under the current scenario that I described and we will be out at the Citi Conference in Las Vegas in conjunction with CES with Jeff Clarke. So look forward to seeing some of you there then. Have a great evening.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-09-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Tom Sweet - Chief Financial Officer Jeff Clarke - Vice Chairman, Products and Operations Tyler Johnson - Treasurer
Analysts: Thomas Eagan - JPMorgan Shannon Cross - Cross Research David Eller - Wells Fargo Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Jeff Harlib - Barclays Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I’d like to inform all participants. This call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information in whole or a part without a prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for one year. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks for, Regina. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. With me today is our CFO, Tom Sweet; our Vice Chairman, Products and Operations, Jeff Clarke; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. We posted our second quarter press release and our web deck on our website. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Our Q2 10-Q will be filed on Tuesday, September 11. As many of you know, on July 2nd we announced that we had completed our strategic review and reached an agreement with the Dell Technologies' special committee of independent directors to exchange subject to Class B common stockholder approval, the outstanding Class B common stock of Dell Technologies for Class C common stock of Dell Technologies or at the holder's election cash. We field our preliminary Form S-4 with the SEC on August 6th, and amended S-4 yesterday. We planned to file a definitive S-4 in the coming weeks at which time we will set a date for the special meeting. We will be hosting an analyst meeting in New York on September the 18, and will hold a series of road show meetings in the weeks following to meet with investors and one-on-one and group settings across multiple cities. Today's call is intended to discuss the results for our second fiscal quarter, and as such, we will not address nor will we take questions related to the Class V transaction. It's important that we allow the process to play out over the coming weeks and we look forward to further engagement with DVMT stockholders on this topic. Before I turn it over to Tom, I'd like to remind you of a few highlights. During this call we will reference non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. A reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures can be found in our web deck and our press release. Our Q2 non-GAAP operating income excludes $2.1 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are noncash and relate to purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. Please refer to the supplemental slides beginning on Slide 21 for details on our non-GAAP adjustments. Please also note that all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our Cautionary Statements section in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward looking statements. Now, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Rob. We're at the beginning of a technology-led investments cycle driven by digital transformation. IDC projects worldwide information and communications technology spending will grow at roughly 2x GDP over the next four years. We have created Dell Technologies to meet this opportunity head on. We operate our complimentary family of businesses in close coordination to enable our platform to seamlessly deliver differentiated IT solutions, which is driving revenue synergies and growth that are increasingly reflected in our company performance. The results for the second quarter exemplify this point. We delivered another strong quarter of top line velocity and we hit a number of company records across the business with double-digit revenue growth for all three of our reportable segments. We generated strong operating cash flow and made progress paying down core debt. The momentum in server, client and VMware that started building last year has extended into fiscal '19, and we're seeing positive progress in storage. GAAP revenue for the quarter was $22.9 billion, up 18% with a GAAP operating loss of approximately $13 million. Non-GAAP revenue was $23.1 billion, up 16%, driven primarily by double-digit growth in servers, storage, commercial and consumer clients and VMware. Gross margin was up 13% to $7.1 billion and was 30.6% of revenue, which was down 90 basis points as we saw foreign currency impacts primarily in emerging markets and mixed dynamics within ISG as server growth continued above 25% for the fourth consecutive quarter. Operating expense was $5 billion, up 13% and was 21.4% of revenue, which was down 70 basis points as OpEx grew at a slower rate than revenue. Operating income was up 13% to $2.1 billion or 9.1% of revenue, down 30 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 13% to $2.5 billion or 10.6% of revenue. On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted EBITDA was $10 billion. Turning to the business segments. Revenue for the Infrastructure Solutions Group was a record $9.2 billion, up 24%. The increase was driven by 13% growth in storage to $4.2 billion and a 34% growth in servers and networking to $5.1 billion. We are encouraged by the positive signs we've seen in storage as it delivered a second consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth and we performed well relative to the rest of the industry. Jeff will discuss this in more detail later in this dialogue. We continue to see strong demand for PowerEdge servers coupled with ongoing expansion of our average selling prices as customers look for higher compute requirements and more richly configured servers associated with software-defined datacenter solutions and mission-critical activities and workloads such as data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Operating income for ISG was $1 billion or 11% of revenue, which is a 230-basis-point increase over the prior year, primarily due to improved storage performance and operating expense leverage. Revenue for our Client Solutions Group was up 13% to $11.1 billion with double digit growth across both commercial and consumer. Strong revenue growth in commercial notebooks and workstations helped to drive commercial revenue up 13% to a record $8.1 billion. Consumer revenue was $3 billion, up 14% as we saw double digit revenue growth across all of our consumer notebooks and desktops. CSG operating income was $425 million, down 20% and was 3.8% of revenue. This was lower than our expectations as the team worked through some intra-quarter foreign currency impact, principally in the emerging market economies. As a reminder, in Q2 last year, CSG operating income benefited from the vendor settlement of approximately $70 million, which improved the operating margin rate by 70 basis points. Normalized with that item, operating income was down approximately 8%. We are pleased with the business trajectory and relative performance. Our long-term operating margin targets have not changed and we will continue to execute on our profitable growth strategy. The VMware segment had another strong quarter delivering $2.2 billion of revenue, which was up 11%. Operating income was $736 million or 33.5% of revenue. Based on VMware standalone results reported August 23, the company saw broad based strength across its product portfolio with double-digit licensed bookings growth year-over-year in compute, management, end-user computing, NSX and VSAN/VxRail. Their software defined datacenter strategy and cloud, mobility, networking and security solutions form a powerful digital foundation for delivering the apps that drive business innovation and business success. We continue to see strong cross sell opportunities as we leverage both the Dell Technologies and VMware sales forces. VMware expects to realize an estimated $700 million of incremental annual bookings in fiscal '19 booking with Dell Technologies. Revenue from our other businesses, which includes Pivotal, SecureWorks, RSA Security, Virtustream and Boomi was $574 million, up 6%. Now turning to cash flow, the balance sheet and capital allocation. We generated cash flow from operations of $2.6 billion, driven primarily by business momentum and working capital discipline. On a trailing 12-months basis cash flow from operations was $8.5 billion. Excluding the impact of financing receivables, our cash flow from operations would have been $3.1 billion and $10.3 billion for Q2 in the trailing 12 months respectively. As a reminder, we initially fund DFS financing receivables with cash on hand, so the growth in DFS impacts our cash flow from operations. This impact is offset in cash flow from financing when we subsequently fund it through third-party financing. Our cash and investments balance was approximately $21.5 billion. Deferred revenue was $21.7 billion, up approximately $3.2 billion year-over-year and growing slightly faster than top line revenue. Deferred revenue growth benefited from increased software and hardware maintenance and continued interest in our flexible consumption models. We believe this growth is a positive indication that our strategy is working as we offer more software and service solutions across the family of businesses. During Q2, we repaid $2.5 billion of a legacy EMC investment-grade note, as mentioned on the June earnings call, plus another $100 million of amortization, bringing our core debt balance to $37.1 billion. Net core debt, which is core debt plus cash and investments, excluding VMware and Pivotal, ended the quarter at $29.9 billion. Total debt was $50.3 billion, down approximately $2.4 billion compared to the prior quarter due to our repayment of the EMC note, partially offset by an increase of approximately $200 million in DFS debt. In addition, earlier this week, we prepaid $600 million of our Term Loan A-3 that matures in December of this year. We intend on repaying the remaining $600 million of the term loan A-3 at maturity using cash from the balance sheet. We are executing on our strategy of paying down core debt, and I'm pleased with the steady progress. Since closing the EMC transaction, we've paid down approximately $13.7 billion of gross debt, excluding DFS related and subsidiary debt, while continuing to make appropriate and timely business investments. Dell Financial Services had a very strong quarter with record originations of $1.9 billion, which was up 18%. We fund this business predominantly through a combination of securitization, syndication and loans all collateralized by high quality financing receivables. We finished Q2 with financing receivables of $8.2 billion, which is up $1.5 billion or 22% compared to Q2 of last year. We remain confident around our capital structure. We are comfortable with our cash balances and strong cash flow generation. With our net core debt balance now below $30 billion, we will continue to focus on paying down debt to return to investment grade. Now, let me turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the operational highlights for ISG and CSG.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. We had a strong second quarter and first half of FY'19. We saw sustained top line momentum across ISG and CSG where we delivered double digit revenue growth in each of these segments. From the edge to the core to the cloud, digital transformation is now at the forefront of our customers' IT agenda. IDC states that 67% of Global 2000 enterprises now have digital transformation at the center of their corporate strategy. And Dell Technologies is helping our customers navigate the journey and capturing synergy opportunities along the way. A perfect example of this is with a major tech forward consumer retailer. During Q2, we completed one of the largest VxRail hyper-converged infrastructure deals in our history, implementing a 1200-store datacenter refresh. It was another great win across our teams for Dell and VMware. We also saw a deal with a U.S.-based supermarket chain to replace a competitor when building out a new datacenter using PowerMax. That company already had Tier 1 applications running VMware workloads. So a great example of the cross-sell opportunities we can drive. These are both great proof points of the synergies we are realizing across the Dell Technologies' portfolio and how we're differentiated and what we can offer our customers. We are pleased with the progress we've seen in ISG as storage had its second consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth and servers and networking delivered at seventh quarter of year-over-year revenue growth to hit an all-time high of $5.1 billion. We are also pleased with the growth in operating income for ISG, which increased 56% to $1 billion in Q2. Storage revenue was up 13% in the quarter, demand was up in file-based arrays, high-end storage and data protection offerings. Our focus remains on driving velocity in the midrange as this is a key area of growth in the array segment. We are also seeing ongoing strong demand for our market leading hyper-converged portfolio and other software defined offers. Our VxRail and VxRack offerings saw triple-digit growth again this quarter on a demand basis, and VxRail now is above $1 billion annualized run-rate. From an industry standpoint, IDC predicted external storage would grow 5.5% on a revenue basis in calendar Q2. IDC storage tracker is scheduled to be released later this afternoon. And we expect we will outperform the industry and gain share for the second consecutive quarter when the data is released. Demand for servers remained strong. We became a worldwide leader for x86 servers based on units and revenue in calendar Q3 of last year according to IDC. And based on the results released yesterday for calendar Q2, we again gained share and extended our lead for x86 servers worldwide as our growth outpaced the industry. We're advancing our strategy in ISG, specifically innovation is accelerating as we simplify the portfolio and focus our investments across fewer solutions to better serve our customers, notably as they look to modernize their IT infrastructure to drive better business outcomes through data driven artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies. We spoke last -- when we spoke last quarter about major product launches at Dell Technologies Worlds, including our end-to-end MD&A PowerMax storage solution and new PowerEdge servers built for AI and machine learning workloads. Our innovation engine is driving new solutions and feature enhancements across the portfolio. We recently released updates to the Dell EMC Unity and SC Series enabling customers to easily upgrade their Dell EMC Unity and SC Series all flash in the hybrid storage arrays to improve workload performance, storage capacity, data protection and availability. The new Unity operating environment boost file-based replication, data mobility, and security capabilities for file and block workloads. And our Unity portfolio now includes CloudIQ, a native cloud-based application that uses predictive analytics and machine learning to proactively provide a comprehensive health score for each array, which helps customers identify, understand and address potential issues in their storage environment. We also introduce the integrated data protection appliance, the DP4400 that brings inner price class backup, deduplication, replication and recovery and built-in cloud readiness with disaster recovery and long-term data retention to the cloud. It's simple, powerful data protection for midsized organizations with incredible scale, on-premise and in the cloud without additional hardware. Again all aimed at enabling our customers to make their modern data center transformation the reality and the way that work for their business today and tomorrow as their data needs grow. And we launched the PowerEdge MX, the first modular server design for the emerging category of disaggregated data center infrastructure. The PowerEdge MX supports the combination of dense virtualization, software defined storage, software defined networking, artificial intelligence and Big Data projects, and its unique no mid plane -- sorry, it's unique, no midpoint design enables it to support multiple generations of technology releases, so customers can grow for years to come. The benefits of this system include flexibility to dynamically respond to the changing needs as it leverages the sheer pull of compute storage and networking assets, increases efficiency by creating policies and workflows and automating them via software tools. It helps companies protect infrastructure and lifecycle investments for improved ROI in greater overall business impact. Turning to CSG, we shift a record number of units in our second quarter. We saw expansion of average selling prices overall, leading to another quarter of double-digit revenue growth. We continue to see strengthen our commercial notebooks, desktops and workstations along with software and peripherals, specifically displays and client peripherals. As Tom mentioned, operating income for CSG was lower in the quarter as the team adjusted prices to mitigate foreign currency impacts in certain countries and regions, but enable to offset all of the impacts, especially late in the quarter. From an industry perspective, we outperformed the PC industry in calendar Q2 as we grew 9% compared to the industry at 2.3%. In total, we gained 110 basis points of PC unit share worldwide, marking the 22nd straight quarter of share gains. We gained share in notebooks, desktops worldwide as well as in commercial and consumer, which allowed us to reach our highest share positions to date for a total worldwide share of 18.2% and for commercial where we had 22.8%. Worldwide workstation units for the industry continued to see strong growth in calendar Q2 with growth in all regions and form factors we grew 13% and remained the industry leading provider of workstations with 41% share. As the leader in this category, we continue to invest in innovative solutions in this space. In Q2, we announced the world's most powerful 1-unit rack workstation and several new tower workstations designed to make it possible for companies of all sizes and budgets to access powerful, affordable and compact industry-leading workstations. As I've mentioned on the last couple of calls, Client Software & Peripherals continues to be an area of strengthen our business. In Q2, we saw another quarter of double-digit growth in displays and client peripherals. According to display search for calendar Q1, we gained 150 basis points of share to hit our 20th consecutive quarter of being the number one provider of flat-panel displays worldwide. Lastly, we made several announcements in conjunction with VMware that are great examples of how we leverage the innovation across Dell Technologies and are positioned to win from the edge to the core to the cloud. These new solutions and enhanced integrations provide our customers with a unified seamless experience across PC and mobile devices, software defined datacenters, hyper-converged infrastructures and multi-cloud platforms. The early feedback we've heard from customers and partners has been overwhelmingly positive. At the Edge, we announced enhancements to the Dell provision for VMware Workspace ONE service that enables automatic device setup and extends the efficiencies of cloud management to configuration and deployment. We have simplified PC lifecycle management with expanded PC-as-a-service offerings, and we're improving the scalability and stability for customers from the Edge to the core to the cloud with new Dell Internet of Things solutions for surveillance. To the Core, we're increasing workload capacity, performance scalability and control with the new Dell EMC VxRail G560, which delivers greater density in the two new form factors. We synchronized Dell EMC VxRail appliance and VMWare vSAN update releases to customers get the latest technology features as quickly as possible to address their rapidly changing business needs. We extended vSAN Ready Nodes support to the new Dell EMC PowerEdge MX, which provides a high flexible platform for vSAN Ready Nodes as HCI building blocks. For the Cloud, we announced 10 new product enhancements to our cloud portfolio, including the VxRack software-defined datacenter, pre-integrated and constructed to deliver the latest technology from VMware Cloud foundation to offer the ultimate infrastructure foundation for realizing a VMware multi-cloud. And finally, we launched a new Dell EMC Cloud Marketplace bringing the power of the Dell Technologies family together in one place, offering customers a choice of cloud platform, cloud-enabled infrastructure capabilities, cloud consulting and technology services, and cloud consumption models and self-service portal. In closing, we are very pleased with the performance across the business. Notably after strategic decisions we've made in ISG, are driving improvement in the business. We have been clear that we saw work to do and we are continuing to invest for the long-term growth of the business. We look forward to talking more about this at the Analyst Meeting in a couple of weeks. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Today we are well positioned as an integrated end-to-end technology provider to better serve our customers. We have many things going well. We are leaders in most of the key segments in which we compete and with the good cross selling momentum and coordinated innovation across the family of businesses. We are pleased with our relative performance versus our competitors. Our growth is above the industry in most segments and are encouraged by the first half performance in storage. We've seen great velocity in client, servers, hyper-converged infrastructure in VMware, which has helped drive strong cash flow performance and allowed us to make progress on debt repayment. We've seen improvement in the storage business and we're pleased with the revenue growth we've seen in storage in the first half of this fiscal year. We still have work to do, but we are confident that the decisions and investments we made are the right ones for the long-term, and we're optimistic about our progress today. As we look to the second half of fiscal '19, we want to sustain the growth trajectory even as we fine tune our business model. We will also continue executing on our strategic areas of focus, which include growing above the market and driving share gains, generating strong cash flow and delivering the balance sheet, executing in ISG and driving profitability by balancing growth and margins, and being a trusted partner for our customers by listening and addressing their needs with our full range of capabilities. As most of you know, we have not provided guidance since the go-private transaction. And it is not our intention to provide guidance in the future. However, in conjunction with the July 2 Class V transaction announcement, we thought it was important to provide a framework for performance expectations for this fiscal year. For fiscal '19, given the momentum we've seen year-to-date, we are adjusting the ranges provided on July 2nd. We now expect non-GAAP revenue between $90.5 billion and $92 billion for the full fiscal year. We now expect non-GAAP operating income to be between $8.4 billion and $8.8 billion, and non-GAAP net income between $4.9 billion and $5.3 billion. There are a couple of things that you need to keep in mind. We started seeing science momentum beginning in the third quarter of last year. So we will face tougher year-over-year comparisons in the second half of fiscal '19. And we also continue to invest in the business in areas such as sales, R&D, and our strategically aligned businesses, with these investments layering in during the second half of this fiscal year. We are making these decisions with a disciplined approach and for long-term growth of the company. We are committed to our approach of value creation over the mid to long-term and are not running the company to optimize any particular quarter. We are focused on driving improved operating leverage and we expect sales productivity will continue to ramp beyond fiscal '19 given the investments we've made in our sales force this year. We're confident in how we're managing the business and we're focused on execution and driving returns on the investments that we've made across the segments. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams : Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Regina, can you introduce the first question?
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Thomas Eagan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Eagan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I know you guys have been -- as you pointed out you're doing well across everything right now. And I don't think it's a big surprise that you're taking share on CSG side because you've been doing there for a while. But the shared gains that you've been making on the ISG side are something that you hadn't been doing in the past. So I guess when you talk to your sales force and when you talk to your customers, what exactly is it that they’re telling you the reasons that they're switching either from your competitors to you or that you're getting a bigger piece of the pie than everybody else? You threw out a whole bunch of stuff at us today, Tom and Jeff, new products, you talked about flexible pricing, you talked about better service. I just wondered what is the main driver outside of what -- the tech list of all [boats] [ph], what is driving the share gains that you're seeing in storage and servers?
Jeff Clarke: Tom, this is Jeff. Thanks for the question. Look, I don't think there is a one thing. We'll keep -- you have a spend environment that's favorable today. You have IT spend that is strong and we continue to do that going forward. The market pundits have certainly suggested that it's going to continue to grow twice GDP over the next handful of years. So you have a favorable spend environment. For us in that favorable spending environment, we have a unique value proposition. Our unique value proposition is from the Edge to the Core to the Cloud that we are one stop shop that we can provide a full set of solutions for our customers. That's particularly important as our customers are transforming their business. We talk a lot about this the digital transformation, companies are understanding the value of information, turning that information into better business outcomes and we're providing solutions that help customers navigate from where they've been to being able to work in this -- if you will new way of doing business. And when you think about the combination of our Edge devices to our core infrastructure devices and then the solution ability that we put around that, and the power of Dell Technologies in the entire portfolio, it's a very differentiated set of capabilities that our customers can get from us. And we're seeing that across the board. The synergies whether it'd be our leadership position, virtualization, primary storage, data protection, CI, HCI, now the undisputed leader in servers for four consecutive quarters. The position that we've had on the PC side, again I think it's about our offers to differentiated solutions, our go-to-market ability to talk to and cover many customers. That package together, I think is certainly leading to why we're distancing ourselves collectively in the industry. You know we've made a lot of changes in our storage, our primary storage business over the past year. The product line is certainly a far more competitive today. The innovation engine is accelerating with the number of product announcements. We're openly embracing the cloud. Tom and I've referenced, I think in the four calls that I've been on, the investments we've made in coverage and capacity. So our go-to-market model continues to be very, very robust, and we're investing. It’s I think that combination, Tom, anything you'd add to that?
Tom Sweet: No. Jeff, I think, that's right, -- I think you've done. Look, there is work to do. So nobody is declaring victory here by the way. But I think we've seen good progress. There are obviously things that we're focused on improving. But I would point back to -- since the EMC transaction, we have done a series of investments whether it's in product capability, solution capability, the go to market coverage models that we're building out. I think those are key differentiators as we are able to reach the customer base in a more precise and targeted way. So, look, Tom, there is more work to do here. But I think we're generally pleased with the progress we're making.
Thomas Eagan: Okay. Thank you for that. And then for my follow-up, I know you don’t want to talk about the transaction and all, but you're left the door open a little bit when you said that you're looking forward to engaging with DVMT shareholders. So I wondered outside of the Analysts Day that you've got coming up, is there a formal process or are you just talking about normal course of business?
Rob Williams: Yes, hey Tom, this is Rob. Yes, we will have the Analyst Meeting on the 18th and then we will be on the road the following week -- the week of the 24th, and then the week of the 1st of October, we'll be in multiple cities meeting one-on-one and in group meetings with shareholders DVMT shareholders. In addition to that as we move towards a definitive proxy filing and pass the definitive proxy filing, I do expect that there will be ongoing conversations that will be in person and by the phone across the spectrum, the special committee and management team talking and engaging with DVMT shareholders, so that we do expect that we'll have multiple opportunities over the course of the next, call it six weeks or so or more. And we do want to make sure that we let the process play out appropriately and give everyone an opportunity to be heard and for the company to also make its case for Dell Technologies and core Dell Technologies and we'll do that at the Analyst Meeting.
Thomas Eagan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for the question. Jeff, I'm wondering now that you have a few months behind you in terms of some of the changes you made to the sales comp plan and the sales structure. Where you -- how it's going, and how much of some of the upside that we're seeing this quarter do you think is being driven by some of the movements and sort of where you think you are within the plan, are you on track or do you think you may be expand it a bit? And I have follow-up. Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Sure. Tom will add to this, I'm certain. I think if you evaluate two quarters in, we're pleased where we've seen the momentum on our storage business. As we've referenced before we made comp plans, targeting the sales force to be more [indiscernible] emphasize our higher margin product. I'm pleased that it's working that way. I think our performance this quarter is indicative of that. We expect later this afternoon for a very positive sign from share gains and the external storage marketplace. So again, I think encouraged, pleased that it's beginning to work, particularly given our exit rate last year. We'll continue to tweak it making sure that we get the right performance across all geographies and all segments in the business. But I think if we reflect on the velocity that we built in the first half of the year, certainly given our previous performance, we're in the ballpark of where we want to be. We've consistently said that we want to outperform the segment as reported this afternoon are for pretty positive that will be two in a row. So it's working as planned, but more tweaking to do I think.
Tom Sweet: Yes, hey, Shannon, it's Tom. I would echo that. I do think it's reasonable progress. I think, Jeff's done a nice job working with the ISG team around product launch, solution capability, feature functionality, and it’s continuing to drive that pretty hard with the innovation that is pushing. I do expect that we’ll continue to invest in the coverage model as it relates to storage though. And I think some of the conversations we've had -- I think we've been pretty transparent about that. We'll continue to build out our investment, particularly in the go-to-market capabilities, so that we're covering the customers in the coverage ratios that we want. And that we're with the appropriate sort of lineup of specialty sales capabilities as well. So again, I'm reasonably happy with how it's gone to date. There is stuff that we're clearly working on. But, I think what you're hearing us say now that we'll continue to fine tune it and work towards continuing to build acceleration.
Jeff Clarke: Yes, if I just to add. I mean you look at, I was answering specifically around the sales comp side. If you step back and look at the progress we've made in the last year simplifying the portfolio, improving the competitiveness product lines as Tom mentioned, crisping up our marketing campaign that you'll see in full flare of the second half of this year that already begun announcing new products, we'll announce a new one next week. There has been a tremendous amount of improvement in the capability of our performance over the last year. I'm pretty excited about our ability to compete in the external storage marketplace. And you coupled that with the leadership position we have in servers, HCI and CI, it bodes well. If I link it back to the first question from Tom, there is notion of digital transformation and customers wanting to buy a total solution from one partner, we're in a very good position to take advantage of the spending trends going forward.
Shannon Cross: And then on the client side, perhaps several quarters of strong performance. Can you just give us an idea of where do you think we are on in terms of some of the one that's in upgrade cycle or share gains, I think our expectations that will continue for a while. But just beyond that what are some of the trends you're seeing in the PC market. And how sustainable is it the growth rates that we're seeing? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think first and foremost, it is a market that consolidates that will continue to consolidate and we've been a consolidator. The top three manufacturers of memory service me right is roughly 64% share of the industry than a huge benefactor of that over the past 5-6 years culminating into what are some pretty impressive numbers for us this quarter, record shipments, record revenues, the highest share position we've had at 18.2%. Overall the highest share position we've had in commercial PCs is at 22.8%. There is a lot of momentum behind that. You know with our model when we're selling commercial PCs, there is a lot of drag around that with financing software and peripherals and our services attached -- attach, attach, which is uniquely something that we do I think over our competition. So I like that backdrop. I see the industry continuing to operate roughly where it's been, so let's call it a flat industry. It's going to consolidate. And we're going to continue to grow in that marketplace and outperform. We are the fastest growing of the top 3 in Q1 and in Q2. I think we can continue to drive that momentum. And I think we still have a bit of a tailwind of Windows 10 for the next year and half. It's hard for me to tell you exactly where we are in terms of Windows 10 conversion, but I suspect our data suggests we're about halfway through with halfway to go with just six quarters, and that's about right.
Tom Sweet: I also think that you've done, if you just think about and maybe talk about in your talking points around the capabilities you've added to some of the end user devices, the coordination with VMware and the integration of VMware like Workspace ONE and the differentiation we're driving. I think we’re all positive indicators of the better together story as you guys -- as we go to market anymore or use of fashion with differentiated solution.
Jeff Clarke: It is. It's under the mantra of how do we modernize the PC experience. And our recent announcement with Workspace ONE being able to do deployment of product, configuration of product in a very modern way with our collaboration, VMware is very healthy. We extended that with PC as a service and building the offerings that we have there. I'm optimistic, Shannon that we can continue to grow this business, continue to be a consolidator. We'd also tell you not all share is equivalent. And you know where we focus our business or bias towards the commercial PC side. We love the gaming sector. We love the high-end consumer sector. Those are important to us.
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Eller with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David Eller: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Sticking with the CSG segment for a minute, you mentioned that your long-term operating margin targets have not changed. Could you just refresh us on your views on what those operating margins might be? And then also kind of touching on the gaming market that you mentioned, any views on the gaming cycle and seasonality whether there has been any pull forward ceiling from the holiday quarter?
Tom Sweet: Hey, David, it's Tom. Let me take the first part of that. And then I'll have Jeff, maybe address the gaming comment or question that you also asked. So from a long-term framework of how we think about financial framework, I think what we've been saying is that we want to run the CSG business roughly in an operating margin percentage somewhere between 4.8% to 5.2%. Obviously, if you look at the results for this quarter, we're below that, we've been above it -- on it or above it in the prior quarters. And as we mentioned in the talking points, we did see some currency dynamics, particularly in Brazil, China, in the third -- or in the second quarter, excuse me, that we've priced through, we took pricing action, so couldn't catch it fast enough. So, but, it doesn't change our point of view on ultimately where we're going to run this business and how we think about the business. So that's how we're framed and we'll continue to drive the business forward and make sure we take your appropriate actions to get -- to bring us back alignment where we want to be. And then Jeff, on the gaming, maybe you want to try …
Jeff Clarke: I was just going to add, we continue to make pricing changes through the first part of fiscal Q3 to catch up to this currency changes that continue to move on us. And so we're responding quite well, but those last changes just make it difficult to catch within period. Switching to gaming as the leader in the sector, I haven't seen a pull ahead. Our business is performing quite well. We’re outperforming the overall segment, a great adoption of our Alienware platform and our Inspiron gaming platforms. We continue to see -- we're going to continue to refresh those platforms and see strong demand globally for gaming.
David Eller: Great. And then for my follow-up question, I wondered if you could talk about the potential effect from the next sound of tariffs that's currently being contemplated. How much of that you think you could either pass through or otherwise you can mitigate the impact? And how much of that expect into your current operating income guidance for the year?
Jeff Clarke: I can answer the last part first. And then I'll go to the real crux of the question. Look we've had a sense of where the tariffs are going to be. Our financial plan contemplates that there is no change in our guidance that it understands what we're going to be able to do and what we're expecting with tariffs. Tom, I think that's spot-on.
Tom Sweet: That's right. I mean the guidance we provided or just updated to includes our best view at this point in time of the impact of tariffs. Now if we get another list and it has other impact, and we'll have to work our way to that correct. So back to the original question of tariffs, clearly we're in the camp of pro-free trade that's important to us. That's said, we successfully mitigated the first two list. Our supply chain has been unbelievably resilient. And as we have gone through the third list that resiliency of our supply chain that's global in nature gives us tremendous flexibility. We do a lot of work planning around business continuity. And we're playing different scenarios that have us change where we build our products. And that planning is serving us quite well now. We've repositioned material, we've repositioned products, and we're taking advantage of our North America footprint. That's what we need to do, that's what the third list is requiring us to migrate to so the North America capacity and capability we have today. We've made decisions a little while ago to make sure that we are timely implementation of when we think the list will go into effect. And we see minimal impact to our business. That's said there are some costs that we won't be able to mitigate, and we'll see some change in pricing for some classes of products overtime.
David Eller: Thanks for taking the questions.
Jeff Clarke: Sure.
Rob Williams: Hey, Jeff, I would add one thing on that. As we look at that and as we plan our way to that, I would expect that we perhaps could see some growth in inventory as a result of that. As we reposition product in parts. So I think we expect to see whether that's a temporal impact, but we are thinking about that relative to our working capital dynamics.
Jeff Clarke: Right. So one of the things that we can do dynamically to reposition material on product is inventory to allow us to make the changes of source of manufacturing originates.
Tyler Johnson: But I would just add, this is Tyler, just to interject, I mean, from a cash perspective thought whatever inventory we would need or decide to put forward, it's totally manageable. So it's not going to provide or impact our cash materially.
David Eller: Great, Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Katy Huberty: Thank you. Good morning. Appreciate the question. Is there any way for you to breakout ISG revenue growth between more traditional datacenter upgrades in modernization versus real net new infrastructure investment in applications like AI, machine learning, and edge compute? I asked just because certainly the latter feels like it's sustainable for many years versus the former may prove more cyclical in nature? And then I have a follow-up.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Katy, it's Tom. We -- it's a great question, but our level of visibility in terms of where the infrastructure is going, very dependent upon selling motion and channel. So we don't have good data on that other than the relative trends that we see as we talk with our customers around their investment and whether it's modernizing their classic data center or modernizing for AI, ML, the data analytic type capabilities. So I don't have data that would, I feel, comfortable sharing just given that, I would guess the softness of the trends. But I will tell you that there's clearly, as Jeff highlighted, interest and customer demand for the type of capabilities and solutions we're driving given the business model evolutions that are happening with our customers. And so we do feel bullish in the long run about the spend environment. And we would look to the IDC data as reinforcement of that, but for real detail trends on what's -- what percentage of the revenue is going into specific applications or workloads, Jeff, we don't have that data.
Jeff Clarke: No, but there are encouraging trends. We see the average CPU, the average memory, the average SSD that we put in the server is greater today than it was a year ago, which Rob tells that we're selling deeper into the data center and up the workload stack and workloads like artificial intelligence and machine learning are driving richer servers. So I know that's a loose correlation, but in our view when we see the ASP increase that we've seen and the types of customers that are deploying this of buying these servers, it's certainly an indicator to us that we're selling deeper into the datacenter and into these new richer workloads.
Katy Huberty: Okay. That makes sense.
Rob Williams: Yes. Katy, this is Rob. But I would say that while we probably won't get exactly to your question, we will dive into that a little bit more at the Analyst Meeting on the 18th, specifically around data growth, workload growth, how that translates into IT spending growth. So …
Jeff Clarke: Yes, clearly the dynamic of edge computing sort of the decentralization is driving more compute and more storage need on the edge of the network, which bodes quite well for us and what's happening in the industry in those usage models that will take advantage of that.
Katy Huberty: Okay, perfect. And then as a follow-up, is there anything that we should read into the fact that the fiscal '19 revenue guidance increase largely just flowed through the 2Q beat and not necessarily a lot of upside over the next couple of quarters? Are tougher comps, currency, some of those factors playing in to that? Or is there just some conservatism as you look into the remainder of the year?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Katy, it's Tom. Look, I think we feel reasonably comfortable about the velocity in the business right now. Obviously, there are tougher comps, as I called out in the back half of the years, as you look, as we saw where the acceleration really started in the third quarter of fiscal '18. Look, I think we feel good about the state of the business. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of the business velocity. And look it’s like very competitive and dynamic market. And there's, but, I think, overall, we feel pretty comfortable about it. I would just tell you that, we'll see how the business progresses as we go through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. But on an annual basis, when you look at just overall growth of the company of the size, I think it's a pretty good number. And so we'll continue to drive it forward and we'll see how it progresses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Harley with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeff Harley: Hi, good morning. Jeff, can you go through a little bit more detail on storage just in terms of the recent bookings trends what you're seeing in the mid-market? I know there was an area you wanted to improve share. And where you are with your product line? Are you still introducing new products that you think will drive share gains or is it where it needs to be?
Jeff Clarke: Look, we're continuing to refresh and get the product line increasingly more competitive whether it's the recent SC and Unity announcements that we've made that increased performance capacity, its replication capabilities, we think that's important. The PowerMax that we introduced in May, the PowerMax 2000 that we've recently introduced, bringing NVMe to price bands 7 and 8, are very important steps for us to have the more competitive portfolio in the marketplace. What we're doing in HCI and the new announcements we've made there, taking cloud capabilities and doing cloud data migration, cloud -- if you will, management of our arrays, doing additions of our arrays in the cloud, those are all important attributes of what our customers are asking for and increasing the competitiveness of our portfolio. It's a journey. It's a journey that we've accelerated. And I'm pleased with the progress we've made to date, there is more to do. I've been very clear in these calls that we still have more mid-range products and we'd like long-term. It takes a while to develop the new mid-range product in which we are focused on and committed to have next year. And in the interim, we're going to fight with the portfolio we have and increasingly make it more and more competitive, which is what we're doing. So I like the steps there, I like the steps that we've made to simplify it. Behind the curtain so to speak, there are more developers today working on new technologies and innovating as one single team than we had a year ago, something I think I've mentioned several times on these calls about the benefits of simplification and focus is getting very best storage engineers in the industry. All focused working together, driving differentiation and innovation in future products. We're going to continue to do that. As I mentioned moments ago, I think with Shanon, we'll make another introduction of a new product next week intend. We're going to continue to do this. We are going to be competitive in the primary storage space. The same is true in data protection. We've recently introduced the DP-4400, our integration data protection appliance. We just continue to improve the hyper-converged offering with the new VxRail that we just launched. So I guess that's my long winded way as we're committed to innovation, committed to building the best products. I think we have the engine now working in a way that's going to do that as a very accelerated rate and I'm very encouraged.
Tom Sweet: And then, Jeff, from my side is even if Jeff drives the product innovation and the simplification, we are continuing to invest in selling capacity as well. So one of the areas as we've diagnosed the business challenges 18 months ago was we didn’t have enough coverage. And so even as Jeff's cleaned up and is driving a product simplification, innovation story, we are still looking at our coverage models. We've improved them in the commercial selling organization tremendously. We're mid-range to an investment cycle in the enterprise selling organization in terms of storage coverage. And we're going to continue to add to that as we get to what we believe are the right coverage ratios to ensure that we're telling our story as effectively as we can and getting it in front of the customers in a way that's appropriate. We're also making investments in our channel go-to-market storage programs to ensure that with our value channel partners that we're reaching the customer base that we want to reach. So it's sort of a multi-prong effort, product, coverage, marketing positioning and compensation programs all designed to drive the storage framework flow.
Jeff Clarke: And we're encouraged by the first half. If memory serves me right, we grew 10% storage in Q1, 13% this quarter. We took share in Q1. I expect when the data comes out this afternoon that will take in share in Q2. To me those are encouraging signs that we're -- again, Tom said that we're investing in capacity, improving the competitiveness of the portfolio, have some products like the PowerMax that is the unquestioned leader in the marketplace. Excuse me, and the indicators are good, typically I'm saying, well, we're pleased but non-satisfied.
Jeff Harlib: Great. And just my follow-up, Tom, just on the margin outlook, and I know you provided the guidance. When we look at sort of the puts and takes, I mean you talked before about commodity costs potentially being modestly deflationary this year. How do you see that now with the environment with NAND and DRAM? And what are some of the other dynamics? Clearly, you're investing in the channel and other areas. But I know that 4Q is a very strong quarter typically and you get a lot of operating leverage there. So just wondering with the solid revenue growth in ISG, what kind of leverage that might be?
Tom Sweet: Yes, look, Jeff. I mean, I think if we step back and think about the guidance we gave you relative to, say, first half performance in last year. I think it denotes a couple of things. One is that we do see a bit tougher comparison in the back half, so you, obviously, the revenue trajectory on a year-over-year growth basis back half to back half is a little bit lighter than what you saw in the first half. But, I think that's -- I think where we are with the visibility that we have right now. We are going to layer in some investments in the back half of the year in selling as we’ve talked about and in some of the product capability. So there is a bit of an increased costs coming in. Off saying that, I do think that commodity costs are going to be flat slightly deflationary as we look at the back half of the year, particularly DRAM has started to come back a little bit for us. So we're working through that dynamic as well. And that's not going to be the headwind that we had a year ago. So Q4 historically has been a strong quarter. We'll have to see how it plays out this year. But I think we're reasonably optimistic about how the year is setting up. I don't want to declare victory. There are still a lot of things that we've got to go do and execute to. But, I think, the overall framework we gave you is one of -- one that denotes growth, denotes that, well profitability may slow in the back half relative to the first half. We're going to grow operating margin dollars year-over-year even while we're investing for the while. So that's the frame that we're running. And I feel -- I think pretty good about where we are at this point in time.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thank you. Thanks for taking the question. In ISG, can you give us some color about the 34% revenue growth you saw in terms of units and ASP? How much of that ASP do you think is sustainable for the richer mix configurations that you noted versus pass through on commodity pricing like DRAM and NAND? And I have a follow up.
Jeff Clarke: Well, I think the first thing that is sustainable is the workloads that we're servicing now, where we're being placed in the datacenter is driving the richer configuration regardless of the cost of the individual part. So the average SSD, the average amount of memory that we put in the server specific CPU that we put in the server today is at a higher performing and more capacity depending on which one of those technologies that I'm talking about period. That bodes well as a -- I think marker for us being able to hold our business in this area. Do I think we're going to see the ASP expansion that we've seen over the past handful of quarters? No, because as you know, there is some of that that's driven by commodity increase. But what is sustainable is selling deeper into the datacenter taking on bigger workloads with our server portfolio and ultimately driving a richer and more richer configured product in the marketplace. So I'm pretty bullish on our ability to continue to do that.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks. Yeah no that's helpful. And on the storage side, you guys fairly took a lot of share in the first quarter you know that taking share here in the second quarter. Can you frame that also in the context of all flash portfolio of how that’s doing and how that's growing? And on the HCI, clearly you have a lot of momentum behind you and you note that sort of some milestones and VxRail. There are some other leading players that have an OEM relationship with you. Any change in emphasis that has happened or you expect here in the near term? Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Let's see if I remember them. When I look at what we've been able to do an all-flash, which I think was the specific question. We certainly aren't given out what our performance is. We'll see how market reports this afternoon. But we certainly grew all-flash. We are the all-flash leader. I think that will continue to be the case when this afternoon's numbers are posted. So I'm encouraged what we're doing there. And it's an important category and you will continue to see us invest the PowerMax 2000 allows us to continue to drive demand in all-flash, particularly in those two price bands that we hadn't been covering before with the PowerMax. So I think that's a good sign. We did see in the quarter. I think we did note a good performance in the high-end, good performance in the structured category in our storage business, and certainly the data protection business. So I'm encouraged by our performance there. The next question was around help me do --
Tom Sweet: HCI.
Jeff Clarke: Our HCI performance was triple digits with our VxRail and VxRack. We continue to see that as a great business and customers certainly in one form of modernization is picking a hyperconverged product. And we are the leader in this market segment. And we'll continue, I believe the numbers are posted on that segment. We have not changed their relationship with our other OEM HCI provider. It continues to be a solution that customers asked for and we'll fulfill that demand. We're clearly leading with our Dell EMC VxRail product.
Tom Sweet: Okay, great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to ongoing engagement with both the buy side and the sell side at our Analyst Meeting on 18. And as I mentioned earlier on the call as we embark on road show, the week of the 24th and October the 1st. So thanks for joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-06-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - SVP of IR Tom Sweet - CFO Jeff Clarke - Vice Chairman, Products and Operations  Tyler Johnson - SVP and Treasurer
Analysts: Jeff Harlib - Barclays David Eller - Wells Fargo Frank Jarman - Goldman Sachs David Phipps - Citigroup Shannon Cross - Cross Research Thomas Eagan - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2019 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for one year. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is our CFO, Tom Sweet; our Vice Chairman Products and Operations, Jeff Clarke and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson We've posted our first quarter press releases and web deck on our website. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Our Q1 10-Q will be filed on Tuesday, June 12. Before I turn it over to Tom, I'd like to highlight a few items. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. A reconciliation of these measures to its most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in a supplemental material in our web deck and the tables accompanying our press release. Our Q1 non-GAAP operating income include $2.2 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are non-cash and relate to purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. Please refer to the supplemental slides beginning on Slide 21, for details on the non-GAAP adjustments. Please also note that all gross percentages refer to year-over-year change unless otherwise specified. And that all financial results today are based on the new revenue accounting standard ASC-606. For historical recast financial information including the full P&L, please see the slides in our web deck beginning on slide 28, and for more detail on ASC-606, please refer to our April 26th Investor Call. The replay and slides are available on our Investor Relations website.  I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our Cautionary Statement section in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements.  Finally, I want to mention that we will not address nor we take questions related to the amended 13-D we filed on February 2, or the 8-K filed on May 17.  Now I'll turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Rob. We had a strong first quarter with balanced growth across all business units, regions, and customer segments. Our broad set of capabilities and better together philosophy drove top-line momentum and improved profitability. We generated seasonally strong operating cash flow and continued to pay down debt even as we drove improved profitability. The velocity in server, client, and VMware that we saw building last year has continued into FY'19 and we are making progress in storage.  In addition to the broad strength across the business during Q1, we hosted 14,000 customers, partners, and industry analysts at Dell Technologies World and introduced a new slate of solutions which Jeff will touch on more in a moment. We've rolled out the Dell Technologies Advantage framework that provides tools and incentives to help channel partners sell solutions and services across to our entire portfolio of brands. We launched the initial public offering for pivotal software ranging approximately $540 million that will stay at the pivotal level for their general corporate needs and to fund future growth initiatives. And the cross-selling between our families of companies continues to be strong. These points are all positive indications that we are better together as we continue to drive market-leading integration of our software, software defined data center, and hardware capabilities to drive innovative solutions for our customers in this digital era.  Now let me provide more details on the results for the first quarter.  GAAP revenue for the quarter was 21.4 billion up 19% with a GAAP operating loss of approximately 153 million. Non-GAAP revenue was 21.5 billion, up 17% driven primarily by double-digit growth in commercial client, servers, storage and VMware. We are seeing better market conditions driven by improved global macroeconomic sentiment and improving IT demand driven by digital transformation. We are also benefitting from the investments we have made in our go-to-market and solutions capabilities. Gross margin was up 19% to 6.9 billion and was 32.1% of revenue which was up 50 basis points driven by improved gross margin in client solutions and a higher mix of ISG revenue. While component costs were slightly deflationary in aggregate for the quarter, they remained a headwind for servers due to DRAM cost increases. Along with the rest of the industry, we continued to face a cost environment where DRAM costs continued to rise, albeit at a slower rate than in the prior year.  We expect DRAM costs, particularly server DRAM to remain a headwind through much of the year but we are expecting some offsets in other commodities to mitigate the overall inflationary impact. OpEx was 4.9 billion, up 12% and was 22.7% of revenue which was down 110 basis points as OpEx scaled at a  slower rate than revenue growth. Operating income was up 42% to $2 billion or 9.4% of revenue up a 160 basis points. Cash flow from operations was 1.2 billion and adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 33% to 2.4 billion or 11.1% of revenue. Please see slide 22 in the web deck for more details on our EBITDA adjustments.  Turning to the business segments, revenue for the infrastructure solutions group was 8.7 billion, up 25%. The increase was driven by a 41% growth in servers and networking to 4.6 billion and 10% growth in storage to 4.1 billion. We continue to see extraordinary demand for PowerEdge servers coupled with ongoing expansion of our average selling prices, both of which drove our sixth consecutive quarter of server revenue growth with double digit growth from both PowerEdge and cloud servers.  Customers continue to look for more memory and storage content in servers, given the shifting workloads focused on running big data analytics and software defined solutions. We exited last year with better storage velocity on a demand basis leading to double digit revenue growth in Q1. We were encouraged by the improved demand in the commercial mid-range portion of the storage market where we’ve been making go to market investments and enhancements to our solutions offerings. Operating income for ISG was 939 million or 10.8% of revenue which is 350 basis point increase over the prior year primarily due to improved storage performance and operating expense leverage.  Revenue for our clients solutions group was up 14% to 10.3 billion with broad strength across the portfolio. Commercial revenue grew 16% to 7.4 billion with double-digit unit growth and higher average selling prices for notebooks, workstations, and thin client.  Consumer revenue was 2.9 billion, up 7% primarily driven by mix shifts to XPS products and personal notebooks. CSG operating income was 533 million, up 64% and was 5.2% of revenue. We benefited from a higher mix of commercial and the team continues to execute our attach motion with higher margin services in S&P.  The VMware segment had another strong quarter delivering $2 billion of revenue which was up 12%. Operating income was 613 million or 30.2% of revenue. Based on VMware’s standalone results reported last Thursday, the company saw double-digit license bookings growth in compute management, end-user computing, NSX and VSAN/VxRail. Revenue from our other businesses, which includes RSA, Pivotal, SecureWorks, Virtustream, and Boomi, was 579 million, which was up 9%. Now turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation. Deferred revenue was $21 billion, up approximately 140 million from the fourth quarter and up 3.3 billion year-over-year driven by an increase in software and hardware maintenance given the growth we’re seeing across the business, as well as growth in our flexible consumption models. We believe this growth is a positive indication that our business model is evolving as we offer more software and services solutions across the family of businesses.  Our cash and investments balance was approximately 21.7 billion, growing sequentially by 1.4 billion. In Q1, we generated positive cash flow from operations of 1.2 billion. Our first quarter tends to be our weakest in regards to cash generation, but this quarter’s cash flow benefited from better profitability and strong working capital management. Our customers continue to benefit from Dell Financial Services and the flexibility it provides through a variety of financing solutions including flexible consumption models. We fund this business predominantly through a combination of securitization, syndication, and loans all collateralized by high quality financing receivables.  Since closing the EMC transaction, originations are up 50%, financing receivables are up 2.6 billion or 51% and related DFS debt has increased 2.3 billion including allocated debt. During Q1, we paid down approximately 600 million of core debt, bringing our core debt balance to 39.8 billion. Total debt was 52.7 billion, which did not materially change compared to the prior quarter, due to an increase of approximately 600 million in DFS debt. For additional detail on what is included or excluded in our debt balances please see slide 20 of the web deck. Net core debt, which is core debt less cash and investments excluding VMware and Pivotal ended the quarter at 31.7 billion. As you know, we grew our cash balances ahead of 3.1 billion of schedule debt maturities during the first half of this year. Last week, we repaid 2.5 billion of legacy EMC investment grade note. Including this maturity, we have now paid down approximately 13 billion of gross debt excluding DFS and subsidiary debt since the closing of the transaction. I am pleased with the progress we’ve made on debt repayment, while continuing to invest in the business. We’re financially strong and comfortable with our ability to pay down $5 billion in total debt this year. This is as planned, we are on track and we are using our existing cash generation vehicles.  Now let me turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the operational highlights for ISG and CSG. 
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. As Tom said, we had a strong first quarter. We successfully balanced growth and profitability, delivering double digit revenue growth and share gain across ISG and CSG while growing operating income faster than revenue. ISG had a good quarter. The momentum we saw for server revenue and units in the second half of FY'18 continued into the first quarter, where we saw double digit growth for both. Server ASP has continued to expand due to compute requirements and more richly configured servers associated with, software-defined datacenter solutions and mission critical activities and workloads such as data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning.  Over the last 5 quarters, memory content and servers increased nearly 30% and storage capacity has increased 11%. Our strong server performance has helped us become the worldwide leader for x86 servers based on units and revenue. Storage had a solid quarter as a portion of the Q4 demand we told you about on the March call shift in Q1. Following positive demand growth in our fiscal fourth quarter, we expect to gain share year-over-year in the storage when the first quarter industry share numbers are final. This will be our first quarter storage share gains since we closed the EMC transaction.  For Q1, overall storage demand was lower, but Q1 is our seasonally lowest quarter as we build through the rest of the year. We did see strong demand for our market leading hyper-converged portfolio and other software-defined offers, as customers are looking to modernize through datacenter, including triple digit growth in both our VxRail and VxRack offerings. We also saw positive demand in our commercial customer segment with positive growth in mid-range storage.  Hyper-converged, software-defined and mid-range are areas where we have made significant investments over the past year, including several $100 million on sales capacity and R&D around hyper-converged infrastructure and software defined datacenter. As most of you know, we have taken several steps over the past few months to improve storage, which include launching our new PowerMax storage solution, aligning our software-defined storage strategy to VSAN and releasing product updates for Unity, SC and XtremIO X2. We also launched our future-proof storage loyalty program covering our storage portfolio.  This quarter's results are an indicator that our actions are having a positive impact. We continue to be focused on improving storage velocity and acknowledge that results maybe lumpy quarter-to-quarter. That said, our FY'19 storage plan is built on revenue growth and deliver share gain over the full year.  Turning to CSG. Growth was driven by double-digit growth in commercial notebooks and workstations, high-single digit growth in commercial desktops and continued strength in software and peripherals. This is on the back of better than expected industry commercial growth worldwide for IDC. In total, we gained a 100 basis points of worldwide PC unit share, marking our 21st straight quarter of share gains. Our year-over-year unit growth was above the industry and was the best of the top five vendors. The total workstation units for the industry grew nearly 10% worldwide and calendar Q1 with growth in all regions.  Dell grew above the industry with 11% growth and is the industry leading provider of workstations worldwide with 41% share. Client, software and peripherals continues to be strong and we saw another quarter of double digit growth in displays and client peripherals. Based on Q4 data from display search, Dell gained 110 basis points of unit share marking the 19th consecutive quarter of being number one worldwide.  At Dell Technologies World, we emphasize the five biggest technology trends driving IT transformation needs for our customers globally and our products and solution strategies. These include immersive and collaborative computing such as edge computing, augmented reality and virtual reality, Internet of Things or IoT, hybrid or multi-cloud, software defined data center and artificial intelligence or AI and machine learning.  We are focusing on our immense IT portfolio and significant engineering capability to deliver innovative products and services that are cloud first enabled and maximize the opportunity our customers have in AI and machine learning as part of driving better business outcomes through data intelligence.  Also, at Dell Technologies World, we launched several new solutions including, the PowerMax, the future of enterprise class storage and renew high-end storage line featuring end-to-end NVMe in the next generation use cases like real-time analytics, genomics, AI and machine learning and IoT. The PowerEdge R940xa, built for high performance AI and machine learning workloads supported up to eight pre-programmable gate arrays; the PowerEdge R840 build for real time data analytics that can support up to 24 direct-attached NVMe drives; and the PowerEdge MX available later this year modular nature and built for the emerging data workloads, it's worth nothing that all of these PowerEdge innovations are NVMe and NVMe over Fabrics ready as part of a holistic data center solution.  In addition, we launched enhancements to our XtremIO X2 including native replications and our VxRail and VxRack which are now on our 14th generation servers and offer a clear path to adopt VMware based multi-clouds.  Next, I wanted to provide an update on the ISG organization and storage roadmap. I shared with you on the last call, we’ve simplified the ISG organization, aligning leaders in product categories more effectively for improved speed and accountability. Since then we have started simplifying the portfolio into a road map squarely directed at meeting customer needs and winning in the market. We will offer a single industry leading solution for every segment in which we compete including entry level, mid-range, high-end and unstructured. Those solutions will put forward the best features and innovation from our current portfolio plus new innovation to ensure we are offering the industry’s best solutions.  PowerMax is a perfect example of the product’s simplification we want to achieve. Those efforts are all designed to drive more efficient R&D and accelerate innovation to better capture the power of our intellectual property, marketing engine and sales force and let me be clear, we are not exiting any market and all of the products on our current roadmap will continue to be supported over their lifecycle. Customers can rely on our future-proof loyalty program to ensure anything they buy will be supported and that we will provide a seamless transition to our next generation products.  In closing, we are the market leader in all IT infrastructure categories in which we compete in. We are better together and we are the trusted partner in the data center with our world class sales force and focus on innovation.  For Dell Technologies, we spend more than $4 billion on R&D each year and more than 80% of our engineers are focused on software. Going forward, we are focused on driving a roadmap that showcases our differentiated portfolio with the integration of our solutions and value of our industry leading software, services and multi-cloud capabilities. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom. 
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. Roughly 20 months since the EMC transaction, we have many things going well including client and server velocity, VMware’s growth and our strong cash flow performance. We saw broad based revenue growth market share gains and improved profitability across the business. And while we’re pleased with Q1 storage revenue results, we still have work to do to expand the storage customer base and ensure the market understands our solutions, architectures and roadmap. We are taking the right long-term steps, but we expect progress to be a multi-year journey.  We’re simplifying the roadmap over time and backing all of our products by the best in class, future proof customer loyalty program that ensures investment protection and a seamless non-disruptive path to the simplified portfolio of the future. We’ve also made significant investments in expanding our go-to-market coverage as we have hired several hundred new store sales specialists. Across the Dell Technologies family, we have approximately 40,000 sellers plus in industry-leading channel program design to drive coverage across 180 countries.  As we head into the remainder of the year, the set up continues to look favorable as the macroeconomic and IT spending environment seem promising and overall commodity costs increases are starting to abate. Based on our latest analysis, tax reform does not appear to have a material impact on our cash tax rates. Our balance sheet is strong and we are confident in our plans to continue driving cash flow and debt reduction. We believe, we are well positioned heading into the rest of FY'19. We’ll look to keep up the momentum we’ve seen and continue to execute our strategic areas of focus for the remainder of the year.  As a reminder, these areas include growing above the market and driving share gains, which you saw in Q1 with share gains with PCs and servers and expected share gains in stores when the data is release. Generating strong cash flow and delevering the balance sheet where you saw us delever above seasonal cash flow this quarter to make progress on debt pay down with 3.1 billion of gross debt payments made this year.  Executing in ISG and driving profitability by balancing growth and margins where we made some positive strides in Q1 and last but certainly our most important area of focus, we will delight customers by listening to and addressing their needs for their digital transformation journey through our full range of capabilities.  With that, I’ll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question with one follow-up if you have one. Regina, can you please introduce the first question. 
Operator: We’ll take our first question from the line of Jeff Harlib with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeff Harlib: Hi. Good morning. So exceptional performance in ISG. Can you talk first with servers just the acceleration of revenue growth there? How much of that is market-driven, how much of that is execution and share gains? And then in storage, with revenues up 10% a big turnaround there, how much of that was the flexible consumption model benefit you received? You mentioned orders were down a little bit, maybe go through where you are on all these initiatives to achieve your goal of revenue growth in storage this year?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jeff, it's Tom. Let me start and maybe Jeff Clarke can jump in here in a few minutes. But look on servers, I think we're clearly pleased with the velocity we're seeing in that piece of the business. It's obviously the macro is strong. And we've talked about this before Jeff that as you think about what's happening in the datacenter and some of the trends that we're seeing, there is clearly a trend towards a compute-centric platform whether that's software defined or hyper-converged. We're also seeing the benefit of some of the workload migration with Big Data Analytics and those types of capabilities that customers are clearly valuing.  So, we have the strongest compute platform in the industry. So, we continue to turbocharge that business. We've invested in it. The 14G capabilities that we've rolled out are quite strong. And so, look, we're pleased with where we are. We're going to continue to focus on the velocity of that business even as we balance margin. So, I tend to think that we're benefitting from both the market, but I also think that we're executing reasonably well in that space. And there's always things we can do better but feeling pretty good about the trends in the business that we're seeing.  As it relates to storage, we did have a good, strong storage revenue quarter. So, it was up 10% on a shipped basis. As a reminder, if you just think about historical patterns in the business, the legacy EMC tended to ramp velocity and revenue as it went through the year. So Q4 seasonally was always their strongest quarter and that's clearly what we saw last year with the storage demand. And then it steps down in Q1 and so that's why you heard us talk about within our conversation, the fact that seasonally Q1 is the lightest quarter and then it continues to build from there.  So, we're optimistic about storage for the year. We expect to -- we have a take share plan, a grow revenue plan for the year. It will be, I think a bit variable as we go through the quarters. And as it relates to flexible consumption model, it was a pretty light quarter for flexible consumption models, down significantly from Q4 which isn't unexpected given that these have a long cycle, their long sales cycle activity. And again, what I think we'll see is we'll except those to build as we go through the year. I don't know Jeff if you would add anything there?
Jeff Clarke: I think the highlights. When I look at servers we talked about content being up, the mix is up, our 14G mix is up, the resulting ASP is up, software-defined, different mission critical workloads that we're taking on as we're selling deeper into the datacenter, data analytics and machine learning, and artificial intelligence workloads being driven into the business. And I think the one that maybe Tom that you didn't mention which I'm excited about is the synergies of the combination continue to work for us. The doors being open in the largest accounts for our server business continues to be an accelerant for the business. And then on the other side, you talked about storage, you hit the enterprise phasing, we mentioned in the remarks, our commercial orders growth for the quarter was up which to us is beginning to show signs of the investment that we made in selling capacity in the second half of last year is beginning to show positive signs and we’re encouraged by that as well. Does that help Jeff?
Jeff Harlib: Yeah, very much thanks. And just on margins, you said overall commodity costs were deflationary in the quarter, maybe just talk generally about obviously you have seen significant revenue growth but when we look at EBITDA margins and some of the puts and takes, it looks like -- I mean, you should be about completed with the cost reduction program you talked about. You’ve been reinvesting in the business in various areas and then you talked about commodities, so how do we look at that?
Tom Sweet: Look I think overall, I think we expect you know commodity costs for the remainder of the year to be pretty sort of neutral to down. We’re going to see some pressure in server DRAM. As we go through the year, just given the demand that’s out there for that commodity, but the other basket of commodities I think we’re expecting that to be slightly deflationary. So overall, I don’t think we see significant headwinds in the commodity cost area. We’ll have to see how this evolves as we go through the year, but I think it's clearly a better environment than what we were in, in the previous year in terms of trying to manage our way through the commodity cost upticks that we saw a year ago.  Let me also hit on the EBITDA margins, right, because if you think about our historical pattern, Q1 should be our seasonally low EBITDA margin and then it should build from there and so I’m actually pretty pleased with what I saw from an EBITDA perspective, and with the 11.1% margin versus a 9.8 a year ago, so a 130 basis point expansion. And I would expect as the business continues to perform that we’ll see expansion in that.  The other interesting stat that I’ve been looking at is if you look at our trailing 12-month EBITDA and we’re now sitting at 9.7 billion, which I’m pleased with the progress that we’ve made there, so look there is always work to do Jeff and we’re going to continue to try and optimize the business as we talked about in terms of making sure that even as we drive server velocity, we’re balancing margin growth, margin dollar growth, we’re very focused on storage and data protection velocity and we’ll continue to work on growing at a premium in the market. So, we are trying to balance a number of levers here as we work our way through the remainder of the year. 
Jeff Harlib: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from the line of David Eller with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
David Eller : Good morning and thanks for taking the call. Tom you talked about commodities being neutral to down for the remainder of the year. Did I say that right, were you saying that you expect that to be overall net to down and then back to your comment on the EBITDA seasonality and EBITDA margin, were you specifically saying you do expect EBITDA to continue to build throughout the year or was that EBITDA margin that we expected to improve?
Tom Sweet: Well look on the commodity side we are -- best look at it right now says it should be neutral to slightly deflationary in aggregate for the year. 
Jeff Clarke: The entire commodity cost pool, we think is slightly down. We’re going to offset the increase in de-risk. 
Tom Sweet: Yes, there is puts and takes, DRAM is going to be a pressure up, that is going to be inflationary although we think that rate of increases that is slow lower rates than a year ago. So, its slowing but there is pressure on that commodity and then the other basket of commodities should be you know deflationary enough to sort of offset most if not all of that DRAM pressure. So that’s how we see it right now. Now, we’ll see how it evolves as we go through the year. But that's based upon our latest view.  On the EBITDA, my point was as follows, right. If you look at our pattern on EBITDA over the last year, Q1 was seasonally our weakest quarter and they build. So, my point was on a percentage basis, I expect to see EBITDA percentages margins to continue to build from Q1. Tyler, would you say that differently or do you have a different perspective on that?
Tyler Johnson: No, no. I think that’s exactly right.
David Eller : And then on the prior call, you talked about kind of the demand growth that you were seeing in the storage business and how that turned positive. How should we think about those trends that you saw in Q1 and maybe in the early Q2 have those accelerated even further?
Tom Sweet: Well, we always, our expectation with Q1 was going to be seasonally weaker than Q4, just given the historical seasonal patterns and we did see that. So, although, we had a strong shift quarter, storage demand was down from where it was in Q4. Now we do expect that it will continue to build from here as the investments that we’ve been talking about with the go-to-market and what we’ve been doing with the portfolio we’ll continue to begin to realize benefit from that as we go through the year. So that’s why you heard us talk and frame the year like this, which is we expect to grow and take share for storage, for the entire year. But, I do think it’s not going to be linear into the right, it’s going to be a little lumpy. And so, our expectation is that, we are very focused on driving velocity of that business and ensuring that we get that business back to a share gain position. Jeff, would you add anything to that?
Jeff Clarke: What I would add is for one quarter into new compensation system. We’re encouraged that its put the right focus on storage. We know the lumpiness of our demand that you mentioned Tom. So, I think we have compensation heading the right way in how we incent our sales force. And then we have -- we’re building out capacity and coverage and we’ll build productivity over the year. And again, we mentioned, what we saw on the commercial business is encouraging. I would also say we have one data point on a curve, if you will as the beginning of a line, we need a second data point and a third data point to draw a trend and that's certainly what we intend to do in Q2 to get the second data point. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Frank Jarman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Frank Jarman : Just to focus on the CSG segment for a minute. So, revenue growth was obviously up nicely 14% year-over-year. And you guys gave a couple of data points around gaining 100 basis points of worldwide unit share. But when I think about just the broad math around getting to the 14% growth, can you help us think about volume versus growth and especially in the context of how to think about the broader sort of global PC market, I think Gartner reported it was down around 1.4% in 1Q? So how do we just make the math work in terms of looking at your growth and thinking about ASPs versus volumes and share growth? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Let me start and then maybe Jeff can jump in as well. So, look, I mean from our perspective and we tend to look at IDC. The IDC market came in at minus 0.2% versus the forecast of minus 1.5%. So, look, the market was a bit better than how we had, was originally planned, but if you think about the drivers of our growth I would tell you that our commercial units were up 12% year-over-year. Our ASPs were relatively flat in the PC space from Q4 to Q1 which actually I think is a win given some of the mixed dynamics. And so, look at for unit velocity, we're very focused as we've talked to you in the past on commercial client, that is where we want to make sure that we're continuing to drive and take share and which we did in Q1.  Don't forget also that we have a very strong S&P Software and Peripheral business. And so, one of the things we've talked about over the years is the fact that with our direct selling model, our ability to attach is a differentiated selling model from some of our competitors. And again, you saw things like I think we're now number one in display I think for the 19th consecutive quarter. And so, again we're focused on unit growth, expanding the customer base, ensuring that we're attaching where we can attach and improving overall profitability of that business even as we continue to drive velocity. And so, I'm pretty happy with the unit velocity and commercial. I think it shows the right focus and the right balance. And we're going to continue to drive the business. And Jeff?
Jeff Clarke: I think it's a high point. Our commercial unit growth was strong. And then it was strong in areas that carry higher ASPs. So, latitude notebooks, precision workstations both grew double digits. Those carry higher revenue per unit, higher margin per units. And that's certainly what we're seeing in the business. You hit together high points, Tom and our attach motion of selling services, financing and peripherals to get double digit growth in both display or in our S&P business. In our accessories particularly, we attach motion. That's the recipe of our CSG business is to take each and every opportunity and attach something to it. And we're doing that quite nicely. 
Tom Sweet: And then I think it is fair to say that seasonally from Q4 to Q1 and we're still trying to think our way through the new seasonal patterns of these combined businesses now. We saw less sequential decline quarter-on-quarter than what we had originally anticipated. And so, I think that speaks to the overall strength in one of the market to some of the execution focus that we've been working on. So, the quarter was clearly stronger than what we had originally thought it was going to be as we stepped into Q1 and pleasantly surprised obviously at that. And we're going to just continue to execute and focus on taking share in the appropriate space. 
Jeff Clarke: No, I think that's right. When you look at CSG in particular, the market was better, the commercial market was particularly better. The market continues to consolidate or consolidate or, and we're winning in that consolidation. That's our focus. 
Frank Jarman : Great. Thanks for the color there. And then just one sort of other question. So, since you broke them out and given the recent pivotal deal, can you talk at all about your strategy with the other businesses that you identify on slide 16?
Tom Sweet: Well, look I mean I think what you would see with those businesses is that we tend to call those our growth businesses. And I'm going to be careful here, because both Pivotal and SecureWorks have not released yet. But I think all of those businesses give us access in our interesting areas of what we see with the technology market in terms of whether it's security, with RSA and SecureWorks, Pivotal with the cloud-native application development platform, Boomi with the ability to the IaaS sort of platform. So, then Virtustream which is for this mission critical workloads that want to be in the cloud, so they are all interesting areas of what certain aspects of some of the technology market and so we’re focused generally on nurturing those businesses, growing those businesses, we are investing in those businesses and so our strategy is going to continue to put capital towards them where appropriate to help drive velocity. So, and what's interesting is that, they benefit from the overall reach of Dell Technologies, right, to think about our 40,000 sellers, our ability to cross sell across the platform, our ability to introduce some of these interesting technologies and capabilities to our broader set of customers. It’s a huge advantage for us from a leverage perspective and we’re going to continue to focus on that. 
Frank Jarman : Hey great. Thanks very much guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Phipps with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
David Phipps: Thank you for taking my question. And congratulations on just having a bang-up quarter and what is seasonally the weakest quarter. Can you talk about some of the things that positioned you in the storage market for this quarter and kind of how everything came together? That’s certainly been an area of focus and it seems like it's come through pretty nicely this quarter for you.
Tom Sweet: Well look I think we did have a strong shift to revenue quarter and so we’re -- but again that was off the back of the strong Q4, a better Q4 demand number I should say. I think Jeff deserves a fair amount of credit here, as he’s been focused on how do we drive the operator per operational execution, coupled with the coverage model expansion that we've been focused on and so Jeff maybe you could judge something here.
Jeff Clarke: I appreciate the comments. I would basically start with we’re still in the early innings. We are I think encouraged by the results, clearly, we talked about our Q4 exit velocity. We’ve talked about you sell the performance of our 10% revenue growth in our shipments in the fiscal quarter so we’re pleased with that. We’re pleased with the commercial growth and demand, we talked about the lumpiness of the big buildup of our enterprise business and its seasonal or seasonality going into Q1, we’re working through that. And then it's about focus, we’re focusing the organization. Tom and I have spent a lot of time with the team and driving capacity and coverage, we're continuing to invest in capacity and coverage. We fully intend to grow the storage business and have a lot of focus on that. We’ve aligned a sales compensation system beginning February 1st, the beginning of the fiscal year that emphasizes selling storage. One quarter end, I think Tom and I would reflect and go good progress, clearly enterprise business builds over the entire fiscal year. So, we have work to do in the next three quarters but we’re encouraged.  We’ve put a lot of focus in the marketing side, if you’ve watched some of the, I think tight being of our marketing program and our marketing message leading to Dell Technology World and then we‘ve talked about the Dell Tech World and what we’re doing in storage in the broader enterprise and infrastructure I think you’re seeing a concise message there. We’re clearly front and center with the cloud and how infrastructure is going to be used in the cloud and what we’re doing in regards to our infrastructure to be more cloud friendly. I’ve spent a lot of time on the product side, focusing the product organization. I’m very pleased with the progress that we’ve made in the first 8.5 months. We have the organization very focused. I’m sure you’re read a lot about simplifying the roadmap. It's been a focus of the organization, we are at a point now, where we've defined our [.nxt] products. And the reception from our partners and our customers has been overwhelmingly positive.  Again, when I talked to customers and I said, would you rather by four mid-range products or one, in the right one with all of our best IP, the answer is overwhelmingly positive to the degree of 100%, we’ve prefer to buy one product, that’s the right product with all of the Dell EMC technology and IP in it, that’s exactly what we’re going to go build in our building. While providing our customers a transition from our current products, the new products. So, we said in this, despite what maybe being said by others, our products on the roadmap today are supported throughout their lifetime period and we will provide a non-disruptive migration from the old product to the new product. We’re encourage by that, every time we trial that by our partners and customers, basically Jeff, we can buy what we’re bonding today and when you have the new thing right and we seamlessly migrate to the new thing. Yes sir. That’s correct. It’s received very, very positively. And then although I struggled with it earlier on our call, our loyalty program is winning the hearts of minds of our customers. We are protecting our customers going into the future with a series of programs that help our customers again choose Dell EMC and feel confident with that decision. So that combination of things, again early innings, encourage, a tremendous amount of focus on the storage portfolio, the storage business. Tom and I talked about this at least a couple of times today and that’s where our focus is. Does that help? 
David Phipps: That’s very helpful. And then my follow-up question is on the Dell Financial Services. So, when you looked at the Dell Financial Services, we would expect that to continue to grow with sales. Is there anything that we might think that it could grow differently given an improving storage for server business?
Tom Sweet: Look, DFS exists primarily to enhance and provide our customers with financing options and capabilities to facilitate the sale of Dell Technologies solutions and products. And so, I think overtime, you’ll see the origination grow sort of begin to mirror more, the overall growth of the core business and the various businesses. We’re clearly benefiting from putting the Dell EMC together, in fact that EMC did not have a captive finance subsidiary. And so, tapping into that sales motion at VMware and the legacy EMC customers and optimizing and [nxt] optimizing the opportunity to provide financing services to them is what we’ve been doing over the last year and you can see some of the statistics, right. So, originations up 52% year-over-year in the first quarter and financing receivables up almost 30% since year-over-year, our managed asset base almost a little over 8 billion now.  So, it’s clearly grown pretty rapidly. But I do think overtime, what it begins to settle back in a more sort of growth that is a bit more mirroring of what the core business growth looks like. I’m pleased with the performance there, it’s a good profit contribution for us. It’s a good enabler for our business, provides our ability to have flexible consumption models and do some of the flex on demand and some of those types of cloud like economic financing models that we’ve been talking about and are driving. And the other dynamic you've got to think about is that as that business comes back into more sort of normal growth profile, I think the growth in the related DFS debt will settle down and to be more in that range as well. So, Tyler, I don't know if you would add anything from a DFS perspective that I may have missed. 
Tyler Johnson: I think you answered that, it’s a good detailed answer. So, I don't think there is anything more that I can add. 
David Phipps: Okay. Thank you. Those are all my questions. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please go ahead. 
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. I'm curious when Jeff and Tom, when you look at what's going on in terms of your share gains. And obviously the significant growth you’ve had in server and then the improvement storage, what kind of competitive responses are you seeing out there? Because clearly some of your competitors haven't quite reached the levels those you have. So, I'm curious as what's you're hearing from your competitors. And then I have a follow up, thanks. 
Jeff Clarke: Well, I'm not sure I'm hearing from my competitors. I am focused on our customers and our opportunities and certainly the agenda that we put in front of you. If I look at the server business and what we're doing there and the customers and partners I talked to, they are very encouraged in what we're doing. We seem to be differentiating ourselves in the marketplace. Our execution, our performance the portfolio of our products, the ability to do sell an end-to-end story from the edge to the core to the cloud, the leadership technology that we have in our 14G products and we'll do in the next generation, the products that we just announced, the Dell Technology World have been received very, very well, our leadership position in artificial intelligence and machine learning I feel pretty encouraged about that.  On the storage side, again I thought a lot of customers, I spent a lot of time with customers at Dell Technology World and partners and talked about our roadmap. And certainly, what's resonating very well within is the roadmap decisions that we have made are all customer driven. The intersection of where our customers need, so what we see is the upcoming technology roadmap and opportunities. They respond well for taking the complexity out of our roadmap that we're listening to how they deploy infrastructure. The fact that we're standing behind those products and nothing is going away. And probably the more overwhelming reaction I get -- I get a warm reaction to this comment is we're bringing the entire DNA of our products and people in a more focused way to drive innovation and put new technology in our hands, we are excited about that. To be honest I don't spend time thinking about how my competitors are responding to that. We know what we need to do. We're very, very focused. We have a wealth of riches in this organization, a tremendous amount of IP, a large number of engineers that have been doing a very long time, they are more focused than they've been, I like our hands. 
Tom Sweet: And hey Shannon it's Tom. From just and I think Jeff said it well in terms of what he's focused on. I would tell you from a pricing and overall sort of competitive market perspective. Look I mean as you know the markets and the businesses that we compete in are clearly all are competitive. But I would say that the pricing environment is generally unchanged from Q4 relatively benign meaning it's always competitive. But I don't see anything abnormal out there, I don't see any abnormal responses, rather the ordinary responses at least what we can see in the marketplace now, there is always pockets around the globe where you see some form of aggressiveness but overall, look I mean I think the industries had to digest a pretty tough commodity cost environment, particularly in client and in servers over the last year. I think we’re coming through that. And then it gets down to feature set capabilities and competitive positioning and what customers need in terms of the storage solution portfolio that we’re driving. So overall, we’ll focus on what we do and we will leave our competitors to focus on what they’re trying to get done. 
Jeff Clarke: Yeah, I would add Tom and there is always aggressive deal out there but we’ve made no structural change in pricing around margin structure to compete in marketplace today. 
Shannon Cross: Great, thank you and then I guess one of the questions that we get from a lot of the investors out there is basically sustainability of some of these growth rates not just for Dell but probably for the industry as well in terms of client improvement and then also on the server side. I understand you know some of the pricing is obviously which is good and probably sustainable you know more richer configs and then you had some pricing up for DRAM and obviously unit growth. So, I guess as you look over your portfolio, it’s a good problem to have but how do you feel about the ability to sustain at least you know reasonable growth for the next several quarters?
Tom Sweet: Well look Shannon, I mean we’re obviously benefitting as the industry is around, there are some broader favorable macroeconomic teams and trends out there, right, GDP expansion across the major economies, an inflation environment that is relatively contained and control, an interest rate environment that is although slightly rising is still on a historical basis extraordinarily favorable. So, we are benefitting from the macro. I think in terms of broad themes and we talk about a lot in terms of what’s fueling for some of the growth rates we’re seeing. I'd offer a couple of data points for you, first I think that you know you think about the client space and we’re in the midst of a Win 7 to Win 10 transition. There are still several quarters of opportunity there at least as we see it as we move forward and so we’re optimistic about that although we’ll have to keep our eye on it clearly and you know from a server perspective as we talked about workloads and customers are migrating towards at many times, solutions and capabilities that are compute centric and we’re the revenue leader and unit leader in x86 mainstream and so that plays to our strength. Jeff mentioned some the new 14G capabilities that are rolling and some of the feature sets that we’re driving.  So again, how we manage the business so let me be clear about this right, so we manage for a growth premium to market. So, wherever market moves to we’re trying to grow at a premium to the market. So, I’m not smart enough to predict where the market is going to be six quarters from now, all I will tell you is that our philosophy about managing the business won’t change. We want to grow at a premium in market, we want to continue to take share and whatever that market is, is we will set our growth expectations appropriately.  And then we’ll modify and adjust the business model unless we need to in reaction to some of those market trends that we’ll see. So, I do think that absent some macropolitical shockers or something to that effect, we’re optimistic about the year but you know there is work to do. So, I don’t want to get ahead of ourselves and we talked about the storage business, we had a good quarter. But it’s one data point, we need to put a number of points on the board and we’ll see, if we can build a trend. But that’s clearly what we’re focused on and we’ll continue to execute in the commercial client and in the server space. So, we’re going to stay focused on what we do and try and drive the business appropriately in balanced growth and margin dollar generation.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Brian Turner with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Thomas Eagan: Hi. Thanks. It’s Tom Eagan. Just one to follow-up on Jeff’s question and Shannon’s question on service and networking. I hear all of the stuff that you guys said about AI big compute mix focus on the customer differentiation. But the numbers this quarter were exceptionally good and I want to make sure that there wasn’t anything that was exceptional about the quarter that may have been in the form of sales incentives or seasonal buying pattern changes or any big sales.
Tom Sweet: No. There is nothing out of the ordinary.
Thomas Eagan: So then as a follow-up to Shannon’s question to what you just answered Tom, I just wonder, if we’ve sort of reached a new level and I know you guys don’t give guidance, but if we reached the new levels, there is nothing exceptional going on and you keep doing what, you did this quarter, next quarter and the quarter after that, if we don’t sort of see a sustainability in the revenues that you guys produce this quarter?
Tom Sweet: Well, look. Again, I don’t give guidance and I’m not in the business of predicting revenue sustainability. I would just tell you that we are focused on executing and putting solutions in the market that our customers want to buy. So again, I think we’re benefiting from a broader positive macro and some of the compute trends and technology trends. But I’m hesitant to say that we reached a new level or a new norm, I don’t know enough yet to call that. We're just going to continue to execute Tom. So, Jeff, I don’t know if there is anything from your perspective…
Jeff Clarke: I would add too, I know it's a point of discontinuity, but we've become the unquestioned server leader for the first time in 22.5 years. We plan on continuing to perform at a premium to the marketplace and to continue to grow our share position in the server business and doing it in a reasonable and responsible way. I mentioned synergies, the number of doors that have been opened and our revenue synergies is part of the acquisition, we’re going to continue to win business there. We are the technology leader in this category. We’re going to continue to be the technology leader in x86 servers. And things are going the x86 server way. Tom talked about probably three or four times, the software defined as the new type of technology modernization of infrastructure.  So, between hyper converged we are where the market leader, x86 we are the market leader, the leader in software defined. I think it bodes pretty well for the types of trends that we will see at over x86 server business and then the additional workloads that are coming to x86 server, plus IoT in the number, the amount of data that’s coming and the compute that has to be done on that data particularly around machine learning and artificial intelligence. I think the server business is a good business and very, very good to us, we are absolutely committed to it. 
Thomas Eagan: Certainly, was good this quarter. Great. Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Thank you.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks Tom. Thanks everyone. We're going to be down in New Orleans for the Morgan Stanley Leveraged Finance Conference today and tomorrow. Have a great week. We'll talk to you soon. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect. At this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-03-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - SVP of IR Tom Sweet - CFO Jeff Clarke - Vice Chairman, Products and Operations Tyler Johnson - SVP and Treasurer
Analysts: David Eller - Wells Fargo Thomas Egan - JPMorgan Jeff Harlib - Barclays Karl Keirstead - Deutsche Bank Frank Jarman - Goldman Sachs Jason Kilgariff - Bank of America Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fiscal Year 2018 Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for one year. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Regina. Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is our CFO, Tom Sweet; our Vice Chairman Products and Operations, Jeff Clarke and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson  We've posted our fourth quarter press releases and web deck on our website. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Full year fiscal 2018 financial results will be filed on Form 10-K on Thursday, March 29. I'd like to highlight a few items related to this quarter's results. Beginning in Q4, we now have fully comparable year-over-year quarterly results. So unless otherwise specified, all growth percentages refer to year-over-year change. Please note that Q4 of fiscal 2017 was a 14-week quarter as compared to this year's 13-week quarter in Q4. Also note that all financial results reported today are based on our historical revenue standard, ASC 605, and do not reflect the impact of the adoption of ASC 606. We intend to hold a separate call for investors in late April to walk through the impact of ASC 606 adoption and provide restated financial information. During this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA on a continuing operations basis. A reconciliation of these measures to its most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in a supplemental material in our web deck and the tables accompanying our press release. Our Q4 non-GAAP operating income excludes - excuse me, excludes approximately $2.4 billion of adjustments and our full year non-GAAP operating income excludes approximately $10.2 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are non-cash and relate to purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. There will continue to be significant bridging items between our GAAP and our non-GAAP results for the next few years, although the impact will decline in each subsequent quarter. Please refer to Slide 3 in the web deck for additional detail on the non-GAAP – non-cash adjustments and the supplemental slides beginning on Slide 21 for more details on our total non-GAAP adjustments. I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in the Cautionary Statement section in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Finally, before I turn it over to Tom, I want to dress the amended 13-D we filed on February 2, disclosing that the Dell Technologies' Board of Directors is evaluating a number of potential business opportunities. This is part of our ongoing multiyear strategic planning, and we are doing this from a position of strength. We are leaders in 21 of the top market share categories, and we have leadership in 13 Gartner Magic Quadrant reports. As Tom will discuss in his remarks, we're in solid financial condition with the strong cash flow generation, and we have made significant progress on paying down debt.  With that said, we will not address the filing any further or take questions related to this topic. Now I'll turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Rob. I was pleased with our results for fiscal 2018 as we have made significant progress in a number of areas. We drove strong top line velocity, delivering revenue of $80 billion for the year, and we saw revenue and profit momentum improve as we move through the year, all while navigating through one of the toughest component cost environments we've seen. We delivered strong operating cash flow of $6. 8 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $8.2 billion, allowing us to make good progress on delevering, paying down $10 billion of gross debt since the closing of the EMC transaction. The teams did a good job on integration, and we're seeing strong coordination across the entire Dell Technologies family. This collaboration is paying off with better-than-expected revenue synergies and strong customer acceptance of our broad solutions portfolio. We increased our global coverage by investing significantly in our sales team and channel program, and we've made changes in the Infrastructure Solutions Group that Jeff will discuss in more detail. Now let me turn to results for the fourth quarter. GAAP revenue for the quarter was $21.9 billion, with a GAAP operating loss of approximately $320 million. Non-GAAP revenue was up 8% to $22.2 billion, with strong top line velocity for client, servers and VMware, along with improving demand for storage. Gross margin was $7 billion, up 6% and was 31.6% of revenue, which was down 40 basis points, driven by mixed dynamics within ISG given the strength we've seen in servers. OpEx was $4.9 billion, up 3% and was 22.1% of revenue, which was down 100 basis points as we continue to drive OpEx discipline across the business even as we selectively invest in growth opportunities. Operating income was up 15% to $2.1 billion or 9.5% of revenue, up 50 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 13% to $2.5 billion or 11.1% of revenue. Please see Slide 22 in the web deck for more details on our EBITDA adjustments. Deferred revenue was $22.2 billion, up $3. 6 billion year-over-year and up $2.2 billion sequentially, driven by growth in maintenance, flexible consumption models an extended warranty. Specific to flexible consumption models, we continued to respond to customers' request for choice in how they procure and utilize our solutions. Though the revenue and margin is not immediately recognized, these arrangements will provide a more predictable long-term recurring revenue and profit stream. Before I jump into segment results, let me make a couple of additional comments. First, as we've seen in prior years, Q1 is typically down sequentially given the seasonal patterns of the business. We also see a use of cash in the first quarter given historical seasonal patterns. Looking at historical trends, we then build momentum through the remainder of the year. Second, I also want to touch on tax reform. As you know, a comprehensive tax reform bill was passed in December. We view tax reform as a positive for the overall U.S. economy and IT spending. Due to the complex nature of the tax reform bill, it requires extensive tax analysis, and the government continues to issue guidance and clarifications. Today, I will provide our estimates of the impact that are based on our current analysis of the new tax rules. During the fourth quarter, we recorded a benefit of $316 million for the net impact of tax reform driven by a benefit of $1.3 billion related to the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities, offset, in part, by current and future income tax expenses of approximately $1 billion related to the transition tax. The cash tax impact to the repatriation total charge will be substantially offset by other tax attributes. Going forward, we continue to evaluate the impact of tax reform on our effective tax rate. Given what we know today, our expectation is that tax reform will not materially change our effective tax rate as the positive impact should roughly offset the negative impacts when fully interpreted and implemented. Now let me give you a summary view of the financial performance of our business segments for the fourth quarter. Revenue for our Infrastructure Solutions Group was $8.8 billion, up 5%. The revenue increase was primarily driven by servers and networking, which were up 27% to $4.6 billion. Servers delivered its third consecutive quarter of record revenue, with double-digit growth from both PowerEdge and cloud servers as we continue to see strong demand for PowerEdge servers along with ongoing expansion of our server average selling prices. Storage revenue was $4.2 billion and was down 11%. But for the first time since the transaction closed, storage demand grew year-over-year. One of the drivers behind the variance between demand and reported results is due to deferred revenue primarily related to maintenance and our flexible consumption models. We are encouraged that we exited the quarter with better storage velocity on a demand basis, and we expect a gradual recovery over the coming quarters as the actions and investments we put in place this year gain traction. Operating income for ISG was $748 million or 8.5% of revenue, which is a 350 basis point decline over the prior year, primarily due to a higher mix of servers and, to a lesser extent, higher component costs. We are focused on improving the overall profitability of the business, balancing velocity and profitability in servers while growing storage and data protection. Revenue for our Client Solutions Group was $10.6 billion, up 8%, driven by higher average selling prices across both commercial and consumer and double-digit growth in client, software and peripherals. Commercial revenue grew 9% due to average selling price expansion for notebooks and workstations, as well as double-digit revenue growth in displays. Consumer revenue was up 6%, driven by growth in average selling prices for both notebooks and XPS products. CSG operating income was up 70% to $581 million, which is a - which was 5.5% of revenue, as the team did a good job of offsetting component cost headwinds through repricing and also focused on attaching higher-margin services in S&P. VMware had another strong quarter. Revenue for the VMware segment was up 20% to $2.3 billion and operating income was $834 million or 35.8% of revenue. Revenue from our other businesses, which include SecureWorks, RSA, Pivotal and Boomi, was $492 million, which was up 3%. Now turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation. We had strong cash flow generation in Q4 as cash from operations was $3.1 billion, predominantly due to improved overall profitability and the seasonal increase in maintenance and services contracts, which are paid upfront. Our cash and investments balance was $20. 3 billion, up approximately $2.3 billion versus the prior quarter. On the debt side, since closing the transaction, we've paid down $10 billion of gross debt, excluding DFS debt, and remained fully committed to delevering the balance sheet. During Q4, we paid down approximately $300 million in debt, ending the quarter with $52.7 billion in total debt. Total debt is $200 million higher than the prior quarter due to an increase of approximately $450 million in DFS debt. Core debt ended the quarter at $39.9 billion, down from $48.8 billion at the time we closed the EMC transaction. As a reminder, core debt excludes DFS-related debt, unrestricted subsidiary debt and the margin loan and is aligned with how we present the capital structure to the rating agencies for leverage discussions. For additional detail on what is included or excluded in our debt balances, please see Slide 9 of the web deck. Demand for financial services is strong across the Dell Technologies family. In Q4, DFS originations were approximately $1.9 billion, up 23%. As of the end of fiscal 2018, financing receivables now stand at $7.6 billion, up 30%. As we've discussed on prior calls, the growth in financing receivables drives an increase in our DFS debt as we continue to fund the business. Now let me turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the operational highlights of CSG and ISG. 
Jeff Clarke: Thanks, Tom. We ended the year on a high note, with improved performance across the business in the fourth quarter. Client, servers, hyperconverged infrastructure and our all-flash products have continued the strong growth trajectory we've seen in prior quarters, and we saw improvement in the traditional storage demand as we exited the year. Since we last spoke in December, we've already made changes that set us up for success moving forward. We simplified the ISG organization, aligning leaders and product categories more effectively for improved speed and accountability. We've already started to simplify our product offerings in how to go to market. For example, we will be aligning our software-defined storage strategy to vSAN, offering VxRail and VxRack SDDC. We started shipping the enhanced mid range storage products we announced in November and expanded the Future-Proof Storage Loyalty Program to all of our storage products shortly after it launched. Lastly, we've increased collaboration across our strategically aligned businesses to leverage our selective strengths and to build better solutions for things like cloud, software-defined storage, software-defined data center, infrastructure as a service and hyperconverged infrastructure. A simpler organization with simpler portfolios and targeted solutions means faster decisions and faster innovation. It also promotes faster go to -- it also promotes a faster go-to-market engine, benefiting both businesses and our customers. Looking at the full fiscal year 2018 results for ISG and CSG, they were solid overall with a few areas that we are addressing. External feedback has been positive, with a survey conducted by IDC finding that 91% of customers say that Dell and EMC have delivered on our pre-merger promises. It's clear the Dell Technologies' value proposition of leading the digital, IT, security and workforce transformation is resonating with customers, partners and industry analysts. We recognize that we have some areas that need focus, and we are working to improve as we move into FY '19. Let me touch on some of the highlights. For the full year, CSG delivered excellent results, reporting revenue of $39.5 billion, which was up 7%. Operating income of $2.2 billion was up 19% and was 5.6% of revenue. We had a record holiday season in consumer, and the investments we've made in clients are paying off as premium notebooks, including workstations, latitudes and XPS, all grew-double digits in FY '18, and we saw double-digit growth in demand for gaming and rugged notebooks. We received a record-high 87 awards at CES this year, which was our fourth year in a row of setting a record. In calendar Q4, we delivered our 20th straight quarter of year-over-year worldwide PC unit share gains. That said, our growth premium has slowed the past two quarters. So we're focused on driving higher relative unit growth in a consolidating market while maintaining profitability in FY '19. As Tom mentioned, client S&P saw a good growth this year, driven by double-digit growth in displays and also in peripherals, which includes items like docking stations. Dell continues to be the number 1 display provider in the world and gained 110 basis points of unit share on a year-over-year basis based on calendar Q3 from display search. ISG performance was mixed this past year. Revenue for the fiscal year was $30.7 billion and above our expectations while operating income was $2.2 billion or 7.1% of revenue, which was below our expectations. Servers and networking revenue was $15.4 billion, up 20%. FY '18 was a record year for servers for revenue and units. It was the second time we've shipped 2 million servers in a year. Q4 marked the third consecutive quarter of record revenue, and we continue to see strong unit growth for both PowerEdge and cloud servers. We saw higher ASPs for servers as we continued to see more richly configured servers, the ramped up 14th [ph] generation PowerEdge server, and we've effectively managed pricing to partially mitigate the ongoing memory cost inflation. In Q3, we became the worldwide leader for x86 servers based on both units and revenue, and we finished the calendar year at the number 1 spot for both categories for x86 according to IDC. This is the first time since we've entered the server market that we've been the undisputed market leader. Moving to storage. Revenue was $15. 3 billion for the full year. Our market-leading hyperconverged portfolio saw triple-digit demand growth with strength in VxRail while demand for our Isilon scale-out NAS and our all-flash arrays grew double-digits over the year. Our all-flash business exited the year at a demand rate of nearly $5 billion, and we remain the undisputed leader in all-flash arrays with nearly one third of the worldwide revenue market share. As we've discussed on previous calls, traditional storage and data protection were challenged, both on a financial results and market share, and we are laser focused on improving this business. We made investments and have implemented action plans over the past few months to improve storage growth, particularly in midrange, and we expect the benefits of these actions to materialize through the next year. Looking forward, we want to build on the momentum and velocity we've seen while we continue to drive hard against the operational improvements. Our priorities for FY '19 are to continue to deliver world-class quality and service; reduce the complexity of the portfolio - or excuse me, reduce complexity across the portfolio; accelerate storage and data protection velocity; maintain server velocity while improving profitability; ramp sales productivity, which will be a multi quarter journey; and accelerate client unit velocity with market consolidation while maintaining profitability. The technology and market trends plays directly into our hands and we're positioned to win. We have the right strategy, the right team and an unmatched portfolio to lead our customers on this journey through their digital future. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom. 
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Jeff. We made solid progress and leaned in some challenges in fiscal '18. Overall, we feel good about our performance against the four strategic goals we laid out at the April Analyst Meeting. We made strides to drive client, server and services velocity and grew at or above market in multiple areas of the business. And the team navigated through some tough component cost headwinds. We generated strong cash flow and successfully delivered working capital efficiencies, allowing us to make great progress on delevering the balance sheet. We are well into the integration efforts, but we still have more work to do related to product positioning and solutions, as well as systems and tools. Finally, we brought the full capabilities of Dell Technologies to customers in a more comprehensive and seamless experience and this is resonating with our customers. As we move forward into fiscal '19, we want to continue to execute our strategy in order to fully embrace the opportunities we see. We believe the macro environment and the IT market are setting up to be stronger as global economic sentiment has improved and GDP expectations have grown. The U. S. tax reform changes has had - have had a positive impact on expectations for capital expenditures, and customers are being driven towards digital transformation, which requires more compute from the edge to the core to the cloud and requires more capacity, storage, data protection and security, all of which are good for our business. We must improve a few areas of the business to strengthen our position and take advantage of these factors. With that in mind, let me outline our four strategic areas of focus for fiscal '19. The first is to have a change that much from fiscal '18. We want to continue growing above the market and drive share gains, with particular focus on storage and client. And we have to continue to generate strong cash flows and delever the balance sheet. The third goal is capturing the priorities that Jeff outlined during his remarks. We need to drive profitability in ISG as we balance server velocity and profitability and accelerate storage and data protection velocity. The last goal is to continue to delight customers by listening to and addressing their needs for their digital transformation journey through our full range of capabilities. In closing, we believe we have the right strategy and given the market trends, we feel good about our position headed into fiscal '19 as we focus on executing the business model and serving our customers. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin the Q&A. 
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's get to Q& A. [Operator Instructions] Regina, can you please introduce the first question? 
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of David Eller with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David Eller: Good morning and thank you for taking the call. You know, performance was very strong in the CSG segment, and I was wondering if there were any onetime items in the operating income? In the past, there have been settlements and things like that, that have helped.
Tom Sweet: Hey, David, it's Tom. No, there were not. It was just a pure performance-oriented quarter based upon the execution of the team did principally around pricing and the work that they do to ensure that with the component cost dynamics that we had, that we were pricing properly and ensuring that we had value for our solutions. So no. In terms of one-ff, not really anything there in the quarter.
Jeff Clarke: And David, I would add to what Tom said that good performance in our commercial PC, good performance in our premium notebooks, rugged, XPS, the gaming side, and those all bring good margin profiles to our business, so we did execute quite well in Q4. 
Tom Sweet: And your cat [ph] mentioned was better, Jeff, in terms of when you think about displays and some of those services attached…
Jeff Clarke: Plus I'll say our display business continued to do quite well and then our accessories business, particularly around docs [ph] was an opportunity for us with that notebook performance to drag along more revenue with our attach, attach, attach. 
David Eller: Okay. That's very helpful. And then you laid out your focus areas for FY 2019 on Slide 18. That was very helpful. But could you take a step back and maybe just frame your market expectations for each segment for the coming years? So the competitive environment, where we are in the cycle for each?
Tom Sweet: Well, let me start, and then Jeff will probably give you some more insights. So as we think about the business for the coming year in the market segment, so, look, if you think about PCs, for instance, right, you would - IDC would say that the market in calendar ‘18 is roughly a minus 1.5, 1.7, although commercial client - commercial will be up marginally. So pretty much sort of that status quo, what's been going on in the market of late. On the server market, particularly in the mainstream servers, IDC says 2.1% growth for next year, which is slightly down from where it is - where it ended in the fourth quarter or, I guess, it's flat with the fourth quarter. In terms of where we are, in terms of those cycles, and I'll get to storage in a second. So look, we feel pretty good about the velocity in the server business right now. I mean, there's clearly a - we believe that the industry dynamics and trends are coming our way around more compute-centric platforms. Also feel really good about where we are with our PC offerings and our commercial client offerings. And as Jeff mentioned, the thin and light, the gaming capabilities, the XPS products in the new latitude lines, and so we feel like we're pretty well covered there. The market looks relatively stable. The macros look relatively stable. So we'll have to see how that progresses. In the storage market, and maybe Jeff can add some insight there for us, is it's forecasted to be about a flat market, although you're supposed - IDC would say there's growth in the midrange and continued softness on the high-end, although not as soft in the high end as it was this year. So that's clearly an area of focus for us as we position and think our way through how do we drive storage velocity and get production velocity, so... 
Jeff Clarke: No. Tom, I think you hit all the right points. We would look at PC growth to be in the low negative single digits; consumer, more negative; commercial, slightly positive. Commercial notebooks being the shining spot of the PC business, which we have tremendous focus on. I look at the x86 business to be - x86 server business to be in the low single digits of positive growth. The storage market, as Tom said, is roughly flat. So our external storage marketplace is there. Within that, I think there is clearly the midrange that Tom called out and also the all-flash growth opportunity, which we are a market leader in that category. And then the hyperconverged category continues to grow in low double-digits.
David Eller: Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Egan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Egan: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I'm not going ask anything about your amended 13-D. What I'd like to do is ask you a little bit about prioritization. How you think about prioritization and where you want your cash flows to go given the status quo? You've got the bulk of the cash is at VMware today? The bulk of the cash from operations is being generated by VMware today. And you've got some debt coming due, and you've also got the tracking stock, which looks pretty attractive because it's selling at such a discount. Then you probably got some changes in how you have to pay taxes given some of the changes in the tax laws and repatriation of some of that cash. So could you just try to give us a holistic view, Tom, of how you're prioritizing debt repay down? Binding and tracker? Paying taxes? And where you think you're going to be able to get that cash from to do all of those things?
Tom Sweet: Tom, let me -- I'm happy to address that, and let me just start with us. We think about our cash flow from operations, which was roughly about $6.8 billion this last year, $3.2 billion of that was VMware. So roughly $3.4 billion was the core Dell, Dell EMC. We do expect, and we don't give guidance, but we do expect that, that will continue to expand as we continue to execute on our storage on strategy and as we continue to execute on some of the priorities that we laid out in the call. As we think about our priorities, they really haven't changed, which is you know, it's not just cash flow from operations that have helped us. We've also driven great efficiency off our balance sheet from the working capital initiatives that we've driven. And as we think about priorities, it's going to continue to be primarily a delevering priority. So I don't really think there's a big change in strategy from what we've been doing over the last 18 months or so. I will tell you that as we analyze it today, the tax impact - the tax reform impact from a cash perspective is relatively minimal and very manageable. And so that, at present time, is not a significant driver or causing us to change or rethink our strategy. So we have about $8.5 billion of cash and investments at our core Dell, Dell EMC if you exclude the VMware cash and investments. That's more than enough to help us manage our way through current maturities, continue delevering even as we think about how we drive future cash flows from operations. So I'd really think my priorities are relatively unchanged that we're committed to delevering the balance sheet. We're committed to getting back to sort of investment-grade like metrics. We'll do that over the right period of time even as we invest back into the business. And so that's sort of our current thinking. And maybe I'll ask Tyler to comment on if he's got any other insights or anything you would add to that, Tyler.
Tyler Johnson: Okay. I think you really said it all. I mean, Tom, the same thing we've been saying essentially the beginning of call [ph] on the EMC transaction that we're going to delever. We've paid down $10 billion. Tom talked about the $8.5 billion that we have on the balance sheet and where we added the balance sheet in Q4, which is excluding VMware cash, which puts us in a very healthy position as we kind of go into next year and with the roughly $4.5 billion that we're planning on paying down. We've talked about that, but we're going to use cash in the balance sheet. We might have to dip into our revolver a little bit, but that would be only for short term to manage some gaps in timing. And so it was a strong cash flow quarter in Q4. I feel really good where we ended up. And as it relates to tractor, I mean, look, we'll continue to be opportunistic around that as we have in the past, but deleveraging really continues to be our focus.
Thomas Egan: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, on storage. The turnaround in demand seems to me to be a pretty important point because it's been sort of the thorn in your side since you've done the EMC deal. And I wondered if you could just give us - can you give is a little bit of color about some parts of it? But if you're saying that demand is up year-over-year for the first time, that strikes me as being pretty important. Could you talk a little bit about maybe just give us a little color around on that. Like what total demand was? How you're measuring demand? Is it dollars? And then what may be the deferred revenue increase was? Because obviously, we can't see it in the GAAP revenue? Thanks.
Tyler Johnson: Yes. Look, Tom, I'll probably ham and egg [ph] this one. Look, it is encouraging when you look at our orders demand in Q4, the exit velocity. I would use the word encouraging. We haven't set a trend yet. But we think the hard work that we put in place, the fact that we've added capacity, that we've improved our product competitiveness, that we've increased the speed in our decision, customer loyalty program that we put in place at the very end of last year is beginning to pay dividend. So we're encouraged. You saw the Q4 market share data. We have work to do. It is, without question, something Tom and I have tremendous focus on in the organization to change the performance of our storage business. And again, we've exit the fiscal year with a bit of encouragement. We saw good performance in our HDI business. We saw good performance on our all-flash business, and that encourages us to where we think where we're again have expectations of a better year. We've built our plan in FY '19 as a take share plan, as a growth plan. And we've set the tone in the organization that we are expecting to grow in the external storage business and take share. Tom?
Tom Sweet: I think that's right, Jeff. I mean, in the comment around the fact that we said our plan around a take share plan is consistent with how we think about generally our business in the other lobs, for instance, right? I mean, in some of these markets, which are consolidating markets, you have to take share. You have to grow, and Jeff has been very focused with his ISG team on how does he position both the product and the offer and the selling motion to be aligned to take share. We also have to think about the fact that our selling models are changing a little bit or the types of consumption models are changing a little bit around things like flexible consumption. We're now offering customers more choice in how they contractually work with us, and a lot of them are wanting more flexibility, and typically, when you provide flexibility in some of these contractual arrangements that you end up deferring revenue. And so we did see pretty strong growth in our - really strong growth in our deferred revenue, and that was mostly storage related as it relates to the ISG side of the business. And so that's why for the first time, I think you saw us talk a little bit more around deferred revenue and talking points just because I'd like to sensitize you guys to the fact that the models are changing some right now. It's not going to happen overnight, and we'll see what the natural sort of framework looks like in terms of how big some of these offerings get. But between flexible consumption models, utility models as a service type models, there are some dynamics out there in the industry that - and with the customer environment, I should say, that are changing. That doesn't get counted in IDC share, but it does sort of count in some of the order demand data that Jeff is talking about. So let me just finish with - I'll echo Jeff. We are encouraged. We're not confused about what we have left to do. There's a lot of work left to do. We have work to do ensuring that we, one quarter, this instance becomes a trend over time. And Jeff's done a lot of work particularly in the midrange offering. We've got more work to do there. That's growth area for us that we need to attack and ensure that we're taking our fair share of that marketplace. So that's the work we have in front of us. It connects back to your first question, which is we're very focused on storage. It's a strong margin profile for us, so it drives good cash. And we need to get it growing and going in the right direction.
Jeff Clarke: Tom, I'd add one thing. I think you'd agree with this, and we talked about it in the last call. As we head into FY '19, we've really honed in the compensation plan for our sales force to focus on storage in FY '19. And I think that is a key difference between our FY '18 performance and what we'll achieve in FY '19.
Tom Sweet: We clearly have put more dollars at risk as it relates to storage market. So they need to sell storage too, due to their plan.
Thomas Egan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Harlib with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeff Harlib: Hi, good morning. Just -- I just want to talk about margins. As you look into that next fiscal year, some of the puts and takes, I mean, the $2 billion cost-savings program I think you had said that will be done fiscal 2Q. You're also reinvesting, which is somewhat of an offset. And then you have some mix challenges across the business with better servers. And then on computing, it seemed to be the last two quarters trending solidly above your prior margin target. So maybe just an overall discussion on margin puts and takes and outlook?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jeff, it's Tom. Let me start, and then I'll let Jeff jump in here as well. So look, I mean, we obviously don't give guidance around margin. So let me start with that. But as we think about the environment, let me give you a couple of thoughts. First, as we've talked about, fiscal 2018 was a pretty tough component cost environment. And I think I'm publicly on record is saying that the absolute swing from FY '17, which was a deflationary environment to an inflationary environment in FY '18 was roughly about a $2.5 billion swing that we had to go adjust pricing for or navigate our way through. So - and what you saw as we think about our fiscal '18 results from the first half to second half, as you saw us in the first half dealing with a lot of that inflation plus the go-to-market implementation. And then you saw the business accelerating as we went through the year to the point where we felt reasonably good, not around some of our exit velocity as we got through the Q4. So component costs will not be as big - as we understand it right now, will not be as big of a headwind as it was the last year and perhaps it's even a slight tailwind. We'll have to see how we - that progresses through the year. We think that's helpful from a pricing perspective, from pricing medical perspective. So that's a positive from margin perspective. Look, it's competitive out there from pricing perspective. So we're always going to be competitive and make sure that our - we've got the price point set properly. From a mix dynamic, if we go execute our plan, if we go execute our plan, you would think that you would see some margin help there from the storage and data protection because that's high-margin products and solutions, and so that's a focus area for us as well. Servers is going to be an area that we set on our top track that while we're extraordinarily happy with the velocity of servers, we've got a little bit of work to do around improving some of their gross margin dollar contribution there. And so that's a focus area for us. So look, if anything, it's about how we go execute next year. And so I think margins have an opportunity to be better, but there's work to do to make sure that we go execute around that model. So Jeff, I don't know what you would add.
Jeff Clarke: Maybe a couple of points though. One on - we'll start with CSG. We're going to try to maintain the profitability that you see while increasing the unit velocity. While we did achieve 20 straight quarters of year-over-year share gain, our unit velocity slowed in the second half of the year, and that's a priority of the organization to pick up the unit velocity while maintaining the same level of profitability. And we believe we can do that with our bias towards commercial and our attach[ph] motion where we can drag peripherals, services and financing with each purchase. We have a unique ability to do that, so I'm encouraged there. I'm also encouraged where we're winning, which is as I mentioned earlier, in some of the premium price bands, the premium categories, latitude, commercial notebooks, precision workstations, XPS, rugged notebooks and our gaming categories. Displays is a great business for us there. We continue to be the market leader. And we are working to expand that position as we head into this fiscal year. On servers, I don't want to slow down. Our mix issue in ISG is not an issue, servers grew too fast or mix issues didn't grow storage enough. So we want to continue to grow servers and take advantage of the opportunity of access to new customers that we did not have before. That the benefited the EMC acquisition has given us access to enterprise customers that we did not grow in, and we want to continue to do that. And then at the end of the day, I have to drive storage growth. Storage growth will change the fundamental composition of the ISG profitability. In [indiscernible] terms, I guess, I need to sell a lot more 60% gross margin than things than we are today. And by doing so, we'll lift the aggregate ISG portfolio. Does that make sense?
Jeff Harlib: Yes, great. That was very helpful. And that my follow-up would be just on the free cash flow. The core Dell free cash flow of about $2 billion was very strong in the quarter, well above what we were modeling. I'm just wondering if there are there unusual? I know there's seasonal benefits. Any unusual timing issues of some of these kind of permanent changes you've made in your processes? And then just to follow up on that. The flexible consumption models, how do you see them - the shift to that, how do you see them impacting cash flow over the next year or 2?
Tom Sweet: I'll start, and then Tyler can probably answer it more intelligently than I can. So look, there really wasn't - as we think about free cash flow other then some of the standard of working capital dynamics we get out of a strong, stronger demand and shipment quarter, there really wasn't anything unusual in that other than the one comment I would give you is we were pleased with the deferred revenue growth, right? And in many respects, that deferred revenue growth drives from - whether it's from whether prepaid maintenance or some of the flexible consumption models drove the - drives cash up front and. But it all comes down to -- when we drive velocity through the business model, whether that's through PCs, servers and as we continue to build velocity in storage, we get the effects of our a very effective and efficient use of working capital. So nothing unusual other than deferred revenue. As it relates to flexible consumption models, look, we're going to - it's a careful balance, right? Because we like the flexible consumption models in the context of they're typically multiyear arrangements. They typically build a better and stronger and deeper customer relationship. They're generally quite profitable over time. But the opposite, these have some short-term P&L dynamics as you work your way through that even in some instances, particularly with some of our licensing arrangements where we get the cash upfront. Utility models are something different where we get the cash [indiscernible] on a subscription basis per se over time. So they're going to continue to grow. In many respects, we want them to grow. We just want to make sure that we have the right balance in terms of the mix of our business to properly manage both our cash, our P&L commitments and our relationship with our customers. And we also have some new and emerging businesses that are continuing to grow quite fast like I think about Pivotal, a Boomi, an RSA where their business model is, in many respects, are subscription based models. And so we'll continue to see some elements of deferred revenue growth coming from some of those new and emerging businesses. Would you add anything to that? 
Tyler Johnson: Yes, look, I think you covered it. I guess, the only thing I would add, and Jeff maybe just kind of reinforcing and agreeing with what you said, right? Like depending on how you calculate your free cash flow, when you take into account that we had a $600 million impact from growth in our financing receivables, we paid out $900 million approximately if interest expense. It was a really strong Q4. So really happy about where we ended up 
Jeff Harlib: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Karl Keirstead: Thanks very much. So if this question pushes too close to your 13-D filing, I'll understand. But I wanted to ask you in general how you view the protection of DVMT shareholder rights? How important is it to Dell to treat this constituency fairly beyond any current business combination review? Just in general. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Karl, we'll have to defer on that question. If you want to take another question not related to the 13-D, the amended 13-D, we'd be happy to take it.
Karl Keirstead: Got it. Okay. I will follow-up with one financial question, and that is we are in a rising interest rate environment, and I don't think your financial results disclose necessarily an interest expense. But maybe you could just offer a little bit of context around the portion of debt that's variable. And if there's any color you can offer in terms of exposure to rising interest rates, maybe there's a rule of thumb that might help us on the modeling front, much appreciated?
Tyler Johnson: Hi. This is Tyler. I mean, look, the - we look at our capital structure really kind of from broad perspective, right? So actually do have a target around floating rate debt. I think the floating rate debt over time actually outperforms fixed-rate debt, and our floating rate debt now is roughly about 27%. Because if you go back and look at what we've been paying down since the close of the transaction, it really has been floating rate. I probably target somewhere between 25% to 40% floating. So we're actually at the lower end of that range. So feel very comfortable about that position. And yes, even though the LIBOR is higher and that piece of interest expense is higher, if you take into account the debt we've paid down, the repricings that we've gone through, we've more than compensated. So our actual overall annualized interest expense is lower than where we closed the deal, and that will continue to be driven down. I mean, once again, we're looking for, to this year to paying down, call it, $4.5 billion to $5 billion. And so we'll continue to take interest expense out of the balance sheet.
Karl Keirstead: Right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Jarman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Frank Jarman: Great thanks for taking my questions guys. I guess I just wanted to focus again on the revenue growth and specifically the ASP's. I think you said they were higher, but can you give us any more granularity specifically maybe in kind of think about storage versus servers versus PCs and really what the component is related to the higher component costs. With regards to how you guys are passing that on versus what you're seeing sort of more broadly across the business as well? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Let me start maybe Jeff can add some comments. And look I mean we did talk about that a lot of you know some of the revenue growth was driven from ASP or a pure TRU [ph] expansion and principally as a result as you know typically in peak season servers we had a higher input costs in terms of the component cost environment. So we you know, we generally try to price our way through that to ensure that we cover it off. But also, well, I won’t give you exact percentages, I also want to echo what Jeff said around, as we think about our revenue velocity in PCs and servers in particular. Well we're overall very pleased with that. We are careful as we think our way through how much was ASP driven versus how much was units driven. And So you know for instance in servers where revenue growth is roughly about 22% you know, if you think about how we should know the unit shipments over half of that revenue growth is driven by TRU expansion versus units and that's what we want to think our way through in terms of how do we balance that, in PCs as much the same. If you think about our PC business being up 7% from a revenue basis and here is been roughly you know 2% to 3% or something like that. So we know that we've got ASP expansion there. The question is can you hold onto it as a component cost change that will be a function of the competitive environment as we go forward. So it's a dynamic we watched pretty carefully. ASP within the storage businesses are really sort of a different thought process. We don't really think about it like that. The configurations are so different from calling offerings and software that software - that's embedded in it, so ASPs are a little less. We don't think about velocity in the same ways as it relates to ASPs in the storage business. Jeff, did I missed anything or would you highlight…
Jeff Clarke: I would add if you start with the CSG business, the dynamics of our revenue growth are a combination of - you hit them pricing efficiency, mix exposure to commercial, exposure to notebooks, exposure to premium notebooks. So mix helps us, as well as our attach [ph] motion of attaching more financing services and peripheral speech opportunities, so that helps us on the CSG side. I think that's sustainable. On the server side. We are in the longest protracted DRAM price increase that we've seen in the last 25 years. Combine that with that we're putting more DRAM into server today than we were last quarter than we were a year ago. We need to have a compounding effect. So that is some part of our revenue increase on the server side. For me it's encouraging that the average amount of DRAM going in our servers and the SSD - the average SSD size going into our servers is increasing tells me we are selling higher in the enterprise workload. We are selling more higher value solutions inside our customers, penetrating deeper configurations than we had in the past. And I believe that is sustainable in time. Does that help?
Frank Jarman: Yeah, it's great. Thank you. And then I guess just a second follow up on the tax comments that you made earlier in the call, I think you said a net impact of about $300 million which was a function of $1.3 billion of benefit related to the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities offset by $1 billion of a future transition tax. And how should they think about that future transition tax. Is that number one is that specifically related to the repatriation provisions? And then secondly is there any sort of granularity you can give us with regards to thinking about it on the Dell EMC versus the VMware side? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Okay, I’ll take. Frank, its Tom. Look, so let me try and give you some thoughts around that and let me first and say hey look we’re obviously the big supporters of tax reform. We do know and the move to territorial. It's good for the economy work. We're reasonably optimistic that some of the immediate expensing around the CapEx will have a helpful impact on our business as we go through the year. So as we talk about the - you know it's also a very complex calculation and as we thought about the piece parts right, so $1 billion of transition tax is how we think about the overall impact that the Dell technologies family some of that is clearly coming out of VMware you know, but I'm not going to parse it for you per se. But we think it's in a very manageable in the sense of the cash impact of that, which really its going to be substantially less from some NOL positions that we have. So look I think it's very manageable, I think it's you know, we're continuing to evaluate it because the environment and the regulatory guidance is continues to get issued. So you know, but I'm reasonably optimistic around you know, the go forward positions and go forward impacts as we – due to tax [indiscernible]
Frank Jarman: Okay, great. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kilgariff with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kilgariff: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to I guess kind of clarify something that's been touched on a couple of times. So you’ve remind us that fiscal first quarter is typically a down quarter. You've got about $3 billion maturities in the next three months or so is the current thinking you're still going to pay those off the maturity?
Tom Sweet: Its Tom, we are and the current – the maturities schedule looks something like that will pay, I don't know, we’ve got a $500 million sort of legacy piece debt coming due in April. We've got a $2.5 billion coming due in June and we then have some normal amortization of some of the term loan…
Tyler Johnson: We've got - A3 matures at the end of the year in December.
Tom Sweet: Yeah but in terms of what can we do in the next quarter is only $500 million in Q2 and then you have $2.5 billion sorry. And then Q4 is when your term loan ends. Its spread out through the year. And yeah, the intention is to pay them off in full, right now. We may dip into the line to manage some intra quarter dynamics around liquidity and to position of cash around the globe. But that's the plan which is why you’ve seen us build cash.
Jason Kilgariff: Okay, great. And then on the cash side, I think in the past you said that you're comfortable going to about $4 billion to $5 billion of cash at Dell. Is that still the right level to think about?
Tom Sweet: Yeah I mean look it fluctuates. I mean, but yeah, I think that’s - I think that's fair. It's probably currently closer to 5 and it really kind of depends as cash kind of sits temporarily in different locations like China and India which we continue to work to get out when we can.
Jason Kilgariff: Great, guys. Thank you very much.
Tom Sweet: Regina, I think we've got time for one more.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Philip Winslow: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously just looking at VMware’s filings, we’ve seen the relationship with Dell ramp in terms of that that reseller agreement. You know, when you look at the go to market synergies that you realized, year to date post the transaction. I wonder if you kind of just give your self a grade. Obviously it's ramping but what's work - what's still on the com and when you think about 2019 here, fiscal ’19, like what are focused area in terms of just the – whether it be go to market or product synergies?
Tom Sweet: Yeah, look I'm pretty happy actually with the work that’s been done on the synergy front in terms of revenue and the think the teams have worked well together, I think we’re working effectively as the family of Dell Technology’s. We've exceeded you know, we had some good first year synergy targets that we've exceeded as a result of the work that’s been done by the collective teams. We think there is more to do. Think about the position where technology trends are headed and we think about things like ready ReadyNode's, PC and ReadyNode's that were driving some of the software defined movements that are more server oriented, so we think is better - continued opportunity to do a more holistic integration with some of our hardware products with the VMware offerings. So we think this is going to continue to ramp, as we go through FY ’19 we think it's beneficial both for our customers and clearly for Dell Technology’s and for VMware. And so we're very optimistic about the opportunities. It doesn't mean we have you know, we still have work to do in some of these areas as we continue to align you know our go to market positioning, the coordination and efficiency at a customer level ensuring that we present one face to the customer. So there's some work to do in that area, but overall pretty optimistic about and pleased I would say with where we are to date on the revenue synergy side.
Philip Winslow: Thanks, guys.
Tom Sweet: All right, great. Thanks everyone for joining.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2017-12-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - SVP of IR Tom Sweet - CFO Jeff Clarke - Vice Chairman, Products and Operations Tyler Johnson - SVP and Treasurer
Analysts: Franklin Jarman - Goldman Sachs Jeff Harlib - Barclays David Ehrlich - Wells Fargo Thomas Eagan - J.P. Morgan David Phipps - Citi Adam Willinger - Bank of America Shannon Cross - Cross Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies, Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies, Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for one year. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Regina. Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is our Chief Financial Officer, Tom Sweet; our Vice Chairman Products and Operations, Jeff Clarke. Jeff has primary responsibility for Client Solutions Group and Infrastructure Solutions Group segments in addition to leading our supply chain function. Also joining us from Europe for Q&A is our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. We've posted our third quarter press releases and web deck on our website where this call is also being webcast. Q3 financial results will be filed on Form 10Q on Tuesday, December 12th. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Consistent with prior periods our Q3 non-GAAP operating income includes approximately $2.5 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are non-cash and relates to purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. As a reminder due to the EMC merger and to a lesser extent the Dell Go [ph] private transaction there will continue to be significant bridging items between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the next few years. Although the impact will decline in each subsequent quarter please refer to the web deck as well as our SEC filings for more details on our total non-GAAP adjustments. Please note that our third quarter fiscal 2017 historical results include only a portion of EMCs results and unless otherwise specified all growth percentages refer to fiscal year-over-year change which may not be comparable due to the merger. Beginning in Q4 we will get to fully comparable year-over-year quarterly results. During this call we will generally refer or we will generally reference non-GAAP financial measures including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA on a continuing operations basis. A reconciliation of these measures to its most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found on Form 10Q and in the supplemental material of our web deck. Finally I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties which are discussed in the cautionary statement section in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now I'll turn it over to Tom. 
Tom Sweet: Thanks Rob. Overall I was pleased with the third quarter results and the momentum we're seeing in the business. We continue to see growth on the top line and we're seeing increasing customer acceptance of our broad solutions portfolio. We also had solid cash flow generation and improved profitability. GAAP revenue for the third quarter was 19.6 billion with a GAAP operating loss of approximately 530 million. Non-GAAP revenue was 19.9 billion with strong results for client, servers, and VMware. Overall we were generally pleased with the balance of top line growth and better profitability. As we've highlighted over the last few quarters we are working to improve our storage business velocity and while we have begun to see some progress we believe this will be a gradual recovery over the coming quarters as we ramp go to market resources and introduce new and innovative product features. Gross margin was 6.4 billion or 32.2% of revenue which was a 110 basis point improvement over the second quarter driven by pricing discipline and improved overall cost of goods sold. OPEX was 4.4 billion or 22.3% of revenue which was down 90 basis points sequentially as we continue to drive OPEX discipline across the business as we focus on optimizing our cost structure. Operating income was $2 billion or 10% of revenue up 210 basis points from the prior quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 24% sequentially to 2.3 billion or 11.6% of non-GAAP revenue. Please see slide 19 in the web deck for more details on our EBITDA adjustments.  Now let me give you a summary view of the financial performance of the business segments and then I will turn it over to Jeff who will go into more detail on the segment operational highlights. Revenue for the Infrastructure Solutions Group was 7.5 billion up 2% quarter-on-quarter. The sequential increase was driven by servers and networking with revenue of 3.9 billion up 32% year-over-year. Servers delivered at second consecutive quarter of record revenue with double-digit growth from both PowerEdge and Cloud Servers on strong demand. We delivered solid unit performance while also seeing expansion of server ASPs. Our storage revenue was 3.7 billion and was roughly flat quarter-on-quarter as growth all-flash and newer solutions like hyperconverged infrastructure was offset by softness in traditional storage. Operating income for ISG was 678 million or 9% of revenue which is a 320 basis point increase over the prior quarter driven by better profitability for servers and storage as well as OPEX discipline. ISG operating income is moving in the right direction but we still have more work to do to improve the overall profitability profile of the business. We are working on balancing velocity and profitability within servers and building momentum in storage and data protection going forward. Revenue for the Client Solutions Group was 10 billion up 8%. Commercial revenue grew 8% due to strength in commercial notebooks, workstations, displays and attached services. Consumer revenue was up 10% driven by growth in notebooks and the benefits of our investments in gaming and our consumer and small business key country expansion program. CSG operating income was up 6% to 672 million which was 6.7% of revenue as the team continues to execute on profitable growth despite ongoing challenges from the component cost and competitive environments. Going forward we're focused on continuing to drive profitable growth especially in commercial client.  VMware had another strong quarter as revenue from the VMware segment was up 2% sequentially to approximately $2 billion and operating income was 639 million or 32.7% of revenue. Standalone VMware reported a strong Q3 which included the enterprise agreement with DXC Technology announced on VMware's Q2 earnings call. It's growth rate for license revenue plus the sequential change in total unearned license revenue was up double-digits year-over-year. License bookings for NFX grew over 100% year-over-year in Q3. The DXC enterprise agreement included a large commitment to NSX underscoring the strategic importance of NSX to customers. vSAN license bookings were once again up over 150 year-over-year. I also want to congratulate VMware for being named to the Fortune Future 50 list of companies best positioned for breakout growth. VMware ranked number six in the leaders category which is a testament to the company's forward-looking and innovative company culture. Revenue from our other businesses which include Secureworks, RSA, Pivotal, Boomi was 475 million. Pivotal again delivered strong top line results. The team is also seeing nice momentum across its platform partner Ecosystem having recently announced over 100 global and regional system integrators and consultancies as part of its Pivotal ready partner program.  Additionally in November Pivotal and Accenture announced that they formed a new business group, the Accenture Pivotal business group to help enterprises accelerate cloud migration and software innovation. Secureworks released its standalone earnings yesterday where it reported approximately 10% revenue growth to 118 million and continued gross margin expansion. RSA had solid orders growth in the quarter. Customers are embracing our RSA security solutions as evidenced by the positive year-to-date growth for all of its four product suites.  Before I jump to the balance sheet I want to mention the flexible consumption model that we offer customers. We continue to see strong demand for these solutions as we remain focused on providing customers with flexibility and building a larger recurring revenue stream for Dell Technologies. We saw a lower level of these frameworks in Q3 versus last quarter as the multi-year strategic nature of these offerings resulted in variability quarter-to-quarter. Now turning to the balance sheet and capital allocation, in Q3 cash from operations was 1.6 billion predominantly due to improved profitability and working capital benefits. Our cash and investments balance was 18 billion up approximately 2.7 billion versus the prior quarter and includes debt proceeds from VMware's recent debt issuance. Also as a reminder you will see our cash balance grow as we position our balance sheet for approximately $3 billion of debt maturities coming due in the first half of fiscal 2019. As we did last quarter we discussed our debt consistent with how we discuss it with the rating agencies which is total debt including subsidiary debt, total debt excluding subsidiary debt, and total core debt which excludes subsidiary debt, DFS related debt and the margin loan. For additional detail on what's included or excluded in these balances please see slide 7 of the web deck. During Q3 we paid down 1.7 billion in debt including 1.2 billion from VMware's repayment of legacy in her company notes as well as approximately 500 million from cash on the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with 52.5 billion in total debt up 2.6 billion from the prior quarter. Our total debt balance increased as a result of VMware's $4 billion bond issuance mentioned above as well as an increase of approximately 300 million in structured financing debt that funds Dell Financial Services. During the quarter we re-priced 14.2 billion of term loan debt and revolving credit facility and also took the opportunity to reposition the traunches. The combined effect of this result and approximately $60 million of annualized interest rate savings and enhanced liquidity management. Our core debt ended the quarter at 40.3 billion down from 40.5 billion at the end of Q2 and 48.8 billion as of September 2016 which is when we close the EMC transaction. Since closing the transaction we've paid down 9.7 billion of gross debt excluding DFS related debt and remain fully committed to paying down debt levering the balance sheet. In Q3 DFS originations were approximately 1.6 billion up 48% and financing receivables now stand at another record high of $7 billion up 28% driving an increase of DFS related debt by approximately $200 million in the quarter. Demand for DFS remained strong and continues to grow across our business segments as customers respond to our innovative financing offerings. As we see the financing receivable balance grow so will our DFS related as we continue to fund the business. Jumping to our DVMT share repurchase program, we recently completed our latest $300 million program which was announced in August and was solely funded through a Class A stock purchase agreement with VMware. To date we have repurchased approximately 23.4 million shares of Class B common stock. This includes 16.8 million shares under the Class B group repurchase program. We are generally pleased with our continued cash flow generation and remain focused on balance sheet management and debt repayment. Let me now turn it over to Jeff to walk you through the operational highlights of CSG and ISG.
Jeff Clarke: Thanks Tom and hello everyone. It's great to be here to discuss CSG, ISG and our supply chain. As Rob mentioned I now lead a combined products and operations organization, the only one of its kind. As one product and operations organization we will be able to drive a more holistic set of integrated, innovative solutions for our customers from the Edge to the Core to the Cloud. I've been in the new ISG part of my role for a little less than three months. I thought it might be helpful if I share some of my initial observations. First, our strategy to be the essential infrastructure provider is resonating well with our customers who are looking to us to transform and digitize their environments. Second, our portfolio is second to none across the breadth of the IT spectrum from the Edge to the Core to the Cloud. Third, we have more complexity in our offering than is needed and simplification is required. And lastly we need to continue to enhance feature, functionality, and add new capabilities to our storage and data protection offerings, sharpen our engineering and product execution focus to ensure we are meeting customer's needs and expectations, and execute to our go to market initiatives. Now let me provide some third quarter highlights for ISG and CSG. As Tom mentioned ISG's revenue for the third quarter was $7.5 billion and operating income was $678 million. Both saw positive growth from the prior quarter. As a reminder due to the fact that the EMC transaction closed during Q3 last year, I will be making reference where mandated or appropriate to facilitate a more meaningful year-over-year discussion. ISG demand continued to grow trajectory in Q3 with orders up in high single-digits on year-over-year basis. Server revenue and unit growth were strong for both PowerEdge and Cloud Servers. We are seeing higher memory and storage content in servers as customers look for more computing power to run big data and software defined solutions. We have effectively managed pricing to mitigate ongoing memory cost inflation resulting in higher selling prices. Additionally we've also seen higher ASPs as we ramp our 14th generation of PowerEdge servers demonstrating we are capturing value of our industry leading R&D capabilities and innovation. In calendar Q3 the overall X86 server industry grew in both units and revenue. We outgrew the markets and units and revenue for both the mainstream and hyper scale markets and we are a worldwide leader for servers based on both units and revenue. Looking at revenue share we gained 250 basis points of share on a year-over-year basis for the total X86 revenue and 400 basis points of share in mainstream revenue. Moving to storage, orders declined in the mid single-digits with solid growth in our new storage solutions. Our market leading hyper converged portfolio continues to grow triple-digits with strength in VxRail. Demand for Isilon scale-out NAS and our all-flash arrays continued to grow in double-digits. As discussed on last quarter's earnings call we have implemented actions to improve storage growth particularly in the mid range and expect benefits of these actions to materialize through the next year. We increased our go to market capacity by adding storage specialists and we are ensuring our sales compensation plan spurs the appropriate behavior to drive long-term strength in our results. In addition we continue to evaluate our portfolio and our focus on developing world class products to solve our customer's needs. For example in our mid-range portfolio we recently introduced two Dell EMC SC all-flash appliances along with key application upgrades -- along with key software upgrades for our Dell EMC Unity that include in-line data duplication, synchronous file replication, and the ability to perform online data in place storage controller upgrades. The Dell EMC SC all-flash products will be available this month and the Unity upgrades will be available later this quarter.  At the same time we introduced our Future-Proof Storage Loyalty Program offering storage customers investment protection and multiple cost saving benefits. The early feedback from customers and partners has been very positive. We continue to drive hard against our operational improvements in ISG targeting our go to market, product portfolio, and cost-out initiatives. Moving on to CSG we have another strong quarter as we maintained our focus on profitable growth, balancing velocity and share gain with margin improvement. CSG revenue in Q3 was $10 billion which was up 8% while operating income was $672 million up 6%. The overall PC market moved back to positive year-over-year unit growth in calendar Q3 2017 according to IDC. Dell outperformed the worldwide market growing units 1% in calendar Q3 and delivering above market growth in desktops and in the commercial segment. We increased our global PC share on a year-over-year basis for the 19th consecutive quarter. We continue to be the leading provider of workstations worldwide. In calendar Q3 Dell outgrew the industry for workstation units and had a positive year-over-year growth in every region. Our investments in gaming were evident at PAX West where we announced a new mainstream gaming laptop and gaming desk top featuring a new clear panel with polar blue LED lighting and Alienware 34 inch curved gaming display. These new products demonstrate our commitment to deliver world class gaming products for every player at every level in the marketplace. We're also seeing success in CSG S&P and attached services. Displays were a highlight in Q3 and Dell continues to be the number one display provider in the world. We saw higher attach rates for our premium client service offerings ProSupport Plus for both commercial and consumer client. During Q3 we announced a new top tier Premium Support Plus to deliver the most comprehensive support services available for consumers in gaming PC's. Powered by Dell's exclusive support assist technology it is the first and only consumer service to proactively find issues, predict problems before they start, and automatically remove viruses and optimize performance for consumer PC's. Dell continued investment and innovation -- Dell's continued investment and innovation is helping Dell drive across CSG -- drive growth across CSG. We expect to continue to take share while maintaining our focus in balancing growth and profitability. From a global operations standpoint we've made good progress over the past 14 months integrating our supply chain, reducing cycle times and inventory and we continue to look for areas of improvement working closely with the various teams and multiple working capital initiatives. It's been an unprecedented year of inflationary memory pricing and we believe memory will continue to be a slowly moderating headwind through the first half of next year. Overall we have a number of areas that we're working to improve including storage, sales velocity, storage product performance and positioning, and ramping up sales productivity but I want to be clear that we've also made significant progress over the last year. World leader in servers, storage, displays, workstations, and gaming. We continue to see strong demand for hyper converged infrastructure and software defined data center solutions and the client business continues to gain profitable share. I believe we offer a more holistic view and set of solutions for our customers allowing us a higher level of innovation and integration across the Edge to the Core to the Cloud and it's unmatched in the industry. I like our hand and I'm optimistic about our future. With that let me turn it back over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks Jeff. In closing I echo Jeff's sentiment that it is an exciting time to be part of Dell Technologies. We have made good progress across the family of businesses including strong velocity in client, servers, and hyper converged infrastructure, growth from VMware and our other businesses, and steady expansion of our DFS portfolio. We also recognize that there is still work to do to improve our storage and data protection business and to improve the overall profitability of the ISG business. I'm generally pleased with the overall state of the business 14 months into the integration and believe we're tracking in the right direction. We are the best positioned company to win in today's IT environment and meet customer's needs in their digital transformation journey. We are gaining broader acceptance as the only provider that has the flexibility and portfolio breadth that can offer a single integrated set of solutions. This was on display in New York in October when we unveiled a new IoT strategy division and solutions to accelerate IoT adoption for customers. The new Dell Technologies IoT division led by VMware CTO, Ray O'Farrell is designed to help customers navigate and implement flexible architectures and provide tailored solutions and services across our entire family of businesses. As we move forward we will continue to focus on growing faster than the market and gaining share in consolidating markets, generating strong cash flow to enable additional de-levering of the balance sheet, balancing cost actions with investments to position the company for long-term success, and bringing the full capabilities of Dell Technologies to our customers in a comprehensive and seamless experience. Finally, let me remind you that when we report our results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 we will be comparing those results against our first full quarter as a combined company. In addition note that Q4 of fiscal 2017 our previous Q4 was a 14 week quarter as compared to this year's 13 week fourth quarter. So year-over-year growth rates need to consider this. With that I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks Tom. Let's go to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question with one follow-up if you have one. Regina, can you please introduce the first question. 
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Frank Jarman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Franklin Jarman: Great, thanks guys and congrats on the quarter. I guess I wanted to start off just seeing if you can give us an update on the memory and input costs that you're continuing to see, there's been some market discussion about NAND prices potentially peaking over the next few months so, just as you guys worked through your negotiations with the supply chain what are you guys seeing in terms of availability and how should we think about your ability to push on some of those costs as we move further into 2018? Thank you. 
Jeff Clarke: Sure, hey Frank, Jeff Clarke here. A couple of things why I suspect given the basis of the question you've seen what we've gone through which is the longest inflationary period that I can recall in memory in a decade plus. And that's a byproduct of two things; one, there hasn’t been any new DRAM capacity been brought online and then the consumption of DRAM is at the highest rates we've seen. In fact our own server group we've seen our memory density that we will ship per server go up tremendously on a year-over-year basis and sequentially as well. So putting tremendous pressure on supply.  As a result our outlook is DRAM pricing while moderating units of inflation it still continues to go up through the first half of next year. And we think NAND is moderately inflationary as well through the first half of next year. We see all-flash arrays just driving tremendous demand for more NAND and we are pressuring the capacity that's available, does that help. 
Franklin Jarman: Yup, that's super helpful and then I guess just as a follow-up I wanted to ask a question about tax reform since it looks like you guys have been focused on it with the build coalition announcement that was made last week and I guess specifically I wanted to better understand how you're thinking about the 7.5% proposed tax on illiquid repatriated or unrepatriated foreign earnings, do you know what that taxable foreign earnings amount would be for you? 
Tom Sweet: Look I'm not going to get in to this, it saves time by the way Frank so I'm not going to get into specifics about where the proposed legislation is right now. Clearly as we have been, we are a supporter of tax reform. We do believe that the U.S. system which hasn’t been reformed in over 30 years does need some updating. And we're big fans of territorial tax and those types of policy changes that they're contemplating. So, obviously there are some headwinds in that tax proposed legislation that we're looking at and that we are making sure that our voice is heard whether that's around the repatriation which we're generally -- we've sort of reconciled ourselves to the fact that repatriation is going to be part of this. And also the things like the interest deductibility which is a potential -- as a headwind for us that we're talking to our representatives about how we might -- how they should think through some of the impacts given that it's effectively an anti-growth strategy as you think about that has funded job growth and capital growth, our company growth here in the U.S.  So, again I'm not going to get into the specifics about what our specific aspects of the builds and how we would navigate through that. I will tell you that we will see where this lands at the end of the day and then we'll take the appropriate actions to ensure that we are as best positioned as we can moving forward.
Franklin Jarman: Got it, I guess just so I understand if I were to look at your 10-K it looks like the undistributed book earnings to your foreign subs was about 79 billion at the end of last year, we shouldn’t be applying a 7.5% tax rate to that basis should we? 
Tom Sweet: No, look I mean I think that there is other factors that you have to think your way doing that from that number. So I don't think that the appropriate calculation you should be doing at this point. 
Franklin Jarman: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Harlib with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Harlib: Hi, good morning. My question is on margins, both it was very solid in CSG and ISG and I'm wondering if you could just talk about the margin profile in both of those businesses. You're well above your 4% to 5% prior target in CSG. In ISG we have had DRAM continue to increase recently and your mix seems like it would be negative with the storage lagging growth in server business which is a lower margin business. So if you can go through that in terms of the margins? 
Tom Sweet: Hey Jeff, it's Tom. Let me do that and then Jeff can add some color commentary if he would like. But look I think overall there's a couple of things affecting our margins as you look at it quarter to quarter. Clearly as Jeff highlighted component cost have been inflationary and so it has been a bit of a headwind clearly. I think as you step back and think about it though it is pretty consistent with what we've talked about in prior quarters which is that we have been adjusting our pricing to ensure that we are capturing the increasing cost coming from this component cost increases. So as we look quarter-on-quarter we have seen the effect -- our pricing effectiveness and the stickiness of that pricing effectiveness. It has been helpful for us.  We also have been helped by things like mix in the sense of the mix of the business has been helpful for us and so we've also been helped and we've got a little bit of excess FX as well from as you look at what's happened with currency across the globe. So, those three have been helpful I guess and then the down side of that we've also had continued impact on our component cost which has been a bit of a headwind for us in Q3. So particularly on the ISG side it relates to your comment around warranties [ph] given the fact that storage is soft and you drove servers. We got a pretty good boost on server velocity and the related pricing actions that we've done out of that. And then mix within the configurations from within the family has been helpful. So because of that I mean you've seen our ISG margins, they roughly went up almost 200 basis points. And then the CSG margins quarter-on-quarter were obviously less than that in terms of absolute movement. But still movement in right direction.
Jeff Harlib: Okay, great and…
Jeff Clarke: Excuse me Jeff -- kind of other thoughts to build on what Tom said, one would be I mentioned earlier that our average server going out the doors is going out with DRAM, they are going out with excuse me more NAND, bigger SSD. And that's a direct result of us selling higher up in the value stack. We're selling higher value workloads, we are selling a higher value solutions and are extracting value for that. Our 14G servers that we just launched are selling at a premium to their predecessors. So we are seeing our ability to sell the value of our products in the marketplace and servers continue to I think perform quite well.  The other part is I think the global supply chain that we have and its size. We have DRAM so as much as I have said DRAM is going up in cost we have it. And we're getting a value for having it. And whether that's in our PC business, on our server business I think that is something customers are coming to us for knowing we have supply and they're obviously paying for it. So we're seeing our margins continue to improve and our prices improve there.  And then Tom mentioned the element of mix in the PC business that's very true. If you look at our relative performance of commercial PC's to consumer PC's that's a strong contributor to margin improvement in the PC business.
Jeff Harlib: Great, that's very helpful. My follow up just would be, any general commentary you can provide on the 4Q outlook, even this is the first full pro forma quarter with respect to revenues, margins in each of the segments?
Tom Sweet: Oh, hey Jeff, it is Tom. Look you know we don't do forward guidance right. So let me just start with that comment. I would tell you that if you looked at historical seasonal patterns you would expect to see roughly a 6% to 7% sequential bump in revenue if history were to be consistent with what we've seen this quarter. So, that's something you should think about and then remember that seasonally we turned down Q1 after that right in terms of just the nature of how the business grows. So, look I mean absent that I would tell you that the only other thing I would put in your thinking as we've talked about it and we have talked a lot about this in Q2 on the Q2 call around these flexible consumption models and we had a fairly healthy dose of flexible consumption models in Q2.  In Q3 they were less and remember these are models where we're typically offering the customer more flexibility and therefore deferring the revenue. And therefore well I'm getting in some cases getting the cash up front, I am not recognizing the revenue upfront now. We could -- you have to see how Q4 plays out in terms of those flexible consumption models but seasonally it's a pretty big quarter for us and from a revenue perspective so we'll have to watch that dynamic in mixes as we go through the quarter. Also remember and I said it in my talking points that last year was a 14 week quarter for Q4 and this week we will be a 13 week quarter. So, just keep that in mind too as you think about the year-over-year comparison. 
Jeff Harlib: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Ehrlich with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
David Ehrlich: Good morning, thank you for taking the questions. You talked a little bit about expectations for memory in 2018 but I wondered if you could provide some more color around your kind of whole basket of inputs, so maybe panels, displays, and kind of maybe the whole basket for 2018? 
Jeff Clarke: Yeah, we see the other commodities set showing slight signs of deflation, not enough to offset the inflation of the memory devices. Look at batteries, LCD's, metal, circuit boards, discrete components we see a slight deflationary market place for us next year. That's helping us offset what's happening in DRAM and NAND.
David Ehrlich: Great and then can you talk maybe also about the ability to take out non-commodity related costs?
Jeff Clarke: Well we clearly are doing that across a vast number of the synergy activities in the organization. I can speak specifically to the product on the supply chain side and I'm sure Tom will jump in. Excuse me on the rest of the portfolio or the business. We have a plan, we are executing to that plan. I mean quite honestly we are on that plan. We have applied our Dell pricing terms across the broader purchase of our entire portfolio which you would have expected us to do. Last year we had that done certainly on day one. We're reaping benefits of that throughout this year. We've seen tremendous efficiency in the supply chain particularly through cycle time improvement, lead time improvement to our customer base and managing our working capital initiatives through our facilities most notably in the form of inventory. So I think we are well along the path of managing our other cost outside the commodity and the supply chain on the product side. 
Tom Sweet: Yeah, that's fair Jeff. On the overall cost synergy, we obviously have put that $2 billion target out there. We also had told you that we had made some incremental investments back in the go to market in the business that we are going to probably delay the full cycle of how those cost synergies would flow through. I think we've been pretty upfront about that. We remain on track on our cost activities even with -- considering the investments that we've been making and we'll continue to evaluate the business. So the goal here is to drive the right level of profitability across the combined entity. And we'll do that through pulling various levers to ensure that we overtime delivered the right EBITDA generation that we're targeting. But I also tell you that we're also in this for the long-term, right. So we are making appropriate investments to position the company as we think about where we want to be in three to five year range as well.
David Ehrlich: Okay Tom and then some -- a lot of times I do get questions from investors around maybe the amount of incremental investments that have been investing back into the business, is there any way you can kind of scale that for us or help us understand maybe when that 2 billion target might be achieved?
Tom Sweet: Well, look I mean I'm -- I think we've told you that the incremental investments have been in the hundreds of millions of dollars but we haven't quantified it specifically and I'm not really -- don't really want to go there. With the dynamic that you have though obviously is that from -- the business continues to evolve and the environment continues to evolve. And so we're continuously looking for cost opportunities and efficiency opportunities such as part of the G&A of the company. And so what we had said earlier in the year that we would probably delay a year or so in terms of realization of those synergies as we move forward giving the investments back in the business. I still think that's a reasonable position to be in. 
Rob Williams: Thanks David, this is a reminder to everyone as we move forward to have one question with one follow-up so we can get to as many people as possible. So Regina next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Eagan with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Thomas Eagan: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the margin question. I appreciate all the qualitative stuff that you've given us but I was wondering out of the 320 basis point sequential improvement in ISG margins if you could help us understand how much of that was service and networking and how much of that was storage because you pointed out that you had better profitability for both?
Tom Sweet: Yeah, hey look I'm not going to get down to that level of detail. I mean we did see benefit from both the velocity in servers and the price expansion I will say in servers given the configuration mix that we're seeing in the business. So I would tell you that servers and then we got better pricing and better mix in storage even as we drove -- even as volume wasn't quite where we wanted it. And then we've got Jeff highlighted the fact that we are loading a heavier mix of memory and NAND on some of these products and therefore that is helping us as well. Also I would point out remember that as you look at that we also got benefit from OPEX right, in the quarter. So, our team did a reasonable job of managing OPEX and very generally pretty pleased with what we saw in terms of profitability expansion. It's not where we want it yet so I want to be really clear about that. Yes, we made some progress, we had a lighter mix of flexible consumption models in the quarter so therefore I you know I didn’t defer as much revenue and profitability as perhaps that you saw on Q2. That's going to vary quarter-by-quarter so you got to keep that in mind. But I think overall I'm pleased with the progress this quarter but clearly more work to do. 
Jeff Clarke: Yeah, and just a reminder when we talked about this before there does tend to be a bit of a lag effect on pricing particularly with our larger customers where we have committed to a certain level of pricing. This impacts ISG and more certain CSG, so as we get a couple of quarters into some of these -- we tend to be able to catch up a little bit better.
Tom Sweet: And you saw a couple of our premium products are extreme [indiscernible] grew quarter-over-quarter are all-flash array business across the portfolio grew, they generally carry higher margins. And 14G went from we're not going to give the percentage but 14G increased pretty significantly as we went to the 14th generation of servers. 
Thomas Eagan: Okay, and then for my follow-up maybe since I couldn’t get a breakdown of the 320 maybe if Rob would let me just to sort of a two parter. You talked about retaining a debt and you talked about doing it with cash so maybe, you've got a 11.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet as of this quarter, could you talk about how much of that is in the U.S., remind us historically is the current quarter bigger than usual average or less than usual cash generator? And then the EMC bond, the 2.5 billion that come due beginning in June, are you expecting to pay all of that down with cash or there's any chance that you look to refinance?
Tom Sweet: Hey, why don’t we let -- hey Tyler, why don’t you take that question since this is right down your power alley. 
Tyler Johnson: Yeah, hey Thomas. I hope you guys can hear me okay. So first just a reminder, right when you're looking at that cash balance that's also including the VMware cash. So remember that Dell Technologies ex-VMware which is how I think about it when I'm looking at debt pay down with a smaller number, right. So it's call it somewhere around little over $6 billion, $6.3 billion. The geography of that cash obviously moves around kind of depending on what's happening in the business and different intercompany flows. But I think in any given time we have probably 35% to 45% of that sitting in the U.S. And just like we said, we try to keep the balances low taking into account that we do have places where maybe the cash is restricted or tied up. We've got investments on the books and that type of thing. But the focus is going to be taking that excess and paying down debt and just like Tom mentioned in the talking points we're going to probably conserve cash. You asked about Q4, season in Q4 tends to be a stronger cash quarter so that would be my expectation. But then it is followed by Q1 which typically tends to be a weaker cash quarter as we pay out things like certain cash payments and bonus and compensation that type of thing, right. So I've got to prepare for that. And then we've got those two maturities, the one in April is a little bit smaller and with the June maturity I mean my expectation is that it's going to be funded through a combination of cash currently on the balance sheet, cash flow generation between now and then. And I do have the untapped revolver so if I need to dip into that to fund a portion of that I have that available and I will keep in mind if I do, do that that is purely temporary. So we use that to kind of fund some of these inner quarter gas typically and so if I did that it would only be for a short period of time. I mean my expectation is once again we've got about $5.5 billion worth of debt coming due when I include the amortization payments for next year on the term loans and I'm looking to pay that down with cash over time.
Thomas Eagan: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Phipps with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Phipps: Hi, thanks. Tyler just following up on the last question, the next two maturities just happened to be investment grade -- non investment grade bonds and is there -- is that just -- when you're thinking about paying down things in cash or just if there happen to be non investment grade bonds that you're paying down and maybe thinking about in the future paying down other non investment grade bonds, maybe refinancing some of the investment grade bonds and how is Dell thinking about that as they go forward?
Tyler Johnson: Well, I mean obviously I would love to be able to pay down the most expensive debt first but as you know it's not all retail. So I think we will pay things down as they come due. If it makes sense for whatever reason or if there is a good opportunity to refinance I mean, I'm not saying that's off the table and that's always a consideration as I'm trying to optimize the balance sheet and capital structure and we will pick a part of the term loans, right. I mean that is the stuff that is prepaid and is easy to take out. I've got the 81 is gone now so it is nice to see that no longer my capital structure. I've got 83 which is due at the end of the years so that is embedded in that 5.5 billion number I threw out earlier. And then we've got the 82 and term loan B down the line and so I think we will continue to do what we're doing, deleveraging, paying down debt will be the focus but I don't want to say that refinancing opportunities are non-existent or something I wouldn’t consider. 
David Phipps: And just to tag onto that then I wanted to ask another one for Tyler. [Multiple Speaker]. I will then Tyler, just tell me about the that we had a generally richer mix for servers and storage in the fourth quarter now that we look at the new Dell?
Tom Sweet: Let me take that, that is more of a Tom question than Tyler question although Tyler's welcome to jump in on that.  [Multiple Speaker]. Look again we don't get into projecting future results but I will tell you if you just look at the dynamics of the business right now clearly we are seeing extraordinarily strong server velocity and demand for lots of reasons, right. More compute centric solutions being driven. ASPs are up as Jeff mentioned in this talking point because of the richer mix the pricing actions, the component cost inputs that have gone up. So it's really about Q4, if you look at seasonally historically this would be an extraordinarily strong storage quarter. And I do think that with that we do think that we will see some of those seasonal patterns hold. The question is how strong our server is going to be. And so we expect you'll have to see how that plays out but historical seasonal patterns would tell you that storage should be -- this is typically the strongest quarter of the year from a storage perspective. And you do see at times into the year budget flush from some of the corporate customers as there are good finishing their projects and their budget cycles and therefore you should perhaps see how that plays on the server activity as well. 
Tyler Johnson: But to be really clear we're not slowing down servers our job is to speed up so storage. 
Tom Sweet: Yeah, so I mean I told Jeff to go past on both, now that is not really very helpful from Jeff's perspective which is what he is trying to do anyway. But our job is to get this business where we want it and we've got work to do on storage as we all have talked about and I'm pretty happy with the server performance and we just want to keep going on that.
David Phipps: Thank you, that's my question and a follow up. 
Tom Sweet: Thank you. 
Rob Williams: I would have given you another one Dave but…
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Willinger with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Adam Willinger: Hey, thanks for taking the question. So I had another question on the flexible consumption model. So just first do you think that the overall portion of these deals in the third quarter versus the second quarter is like an anomaly to kind of long-term trends and do you have any visibility into how these types of deals are trending in fourth quarter? 
Tom Sweet: Yeah, look I do think that you shouldn’t read anything into the fact that Q3 was little bit softer than Q2 in terms of flexible consumption models. I think that things are going to vary. They are complex, they're multi-year, they take time to negotiate with and typically the larger customers, the global customers that are negotiating these types of arrangements and so I think we are going to see some variability. I think all things being equal it's entirely conceivable that we'll see an uptick in a flexible consumption models in Q4 just given natural end of year sort of activity both from a customer and from a Dell Technologies perspective. But we will have to see how that plays out.
Adam Willinger: Okay and then still kind of on that topic, I think you touched on it briefly on one of the prior questions but the presence of these kind of flexible consumption model does it impact kind of how you recognize margin for the business both kind of on a short-term and over the life of the relationship. And I am trying to think about if it is still fair to kind of think about incremental margin for storage in kind of a 50% area? 
Tom Sweet: Well look I mean we like these flexible consumption models. They do have the effect as you guys all know of deferring recognition of revenue and amortizing that revenue and associated margin over a contract cycle that might be two to five years depending upon the terms of the agreement. So historically what we are seeing is over time these tend to be over the course of the contract period they tend to be a better profit if they tend to have a better profitability profile but it ramps so it starts a little lower and ramps over the course of the contract. So, kind of all in basis margin dollars generally have shown to be higher over the entire length of the contract but it does -- it does change the timing pattern and pattern of when those are recognized. And so remember we like these constructs in the context of building a more intimate customer relationship, ensuring that we are a more strategic partner for these customers and that builds into sort of a more of an as a service or a stream or recurring revenue stream that's helpful for us. And we've got the flexibility of being privately controlled to do these types of structures and not be as focused on short-term quarter-to-quarter profitability although clearly we are trying to drive the probability of the business. But we do have some incremental flexibility here.
Adam Willinger: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please go ahead. 
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. Jeff can you talk a bit about the competitive landscape on the storage side both in terms of some of the newer technologies as well as what you're seeing in sort of legacy? 
Jeff Clarke: Sure, hi Shannon, how are you doing? Well I think a couple of things that I look at the marketplace and as I'm learning through my first three months it's a big market that we get confused that we think is shrinking. This external storage market grew last quarter. It is a $24 billion market, it's a big opportunity. We have a big, big opportunity with our 30% share to grow in this market and that's all we need to do. Clearly the competition is net up and share most notably. What I see about them as they have extreme focus and they have clarity in their product line and I think they're reaping a benefit from that. Some of my remarks are about pivoting our organization too. I think we mentioned last quarter that we're going to invest in more sales specialists capacity. We hired more sales specialists in Q3, we're going to hire more sales specialists in Q4. We're going to build out that investment. Tom actually talked about investments. One of the areas we consciously have decided to do is build out more capacity for more coverage in the mid-market commercial segment. And that's not at the exclusion of the enterprise segment either. We're building out more sales capacity in the enterprise. We are moving sales leadership between the organizations so we can get more storage knowledge base in our commercial organization. We're making adjustments and continuing to tweak our sales compensation towards a more biased storage. We just made two significant updates to the product portfolio. We added D duplication in Unity and we added an all-flash offers to our SC product line in the mid range. Our extreme IO which is I think a very differentiated asset in the marketplace particularly against the two competitors that I mentioned earlier with its in-line data services and its performance attributes is a great product. Another thing we just launched in the last I think it's week or 10 days is a new customer loyalty program which if you compare it against the competitive landscape is absolutely unmatched. Our competitors basically guarantee their product or program for 30 days. We guarantee ours for three years, it's got seven key components and it basically is an investment protection with a set of guarantees for our customers that quite honestly the industry analysts and our customers have responded quite well to which I think is upping our competitive nature. So I think we're in a big market, it's a big opportunity, we clearly have lost share it's undeniable, the public results are out. We are not satisfied with that or investing in sales capacity in coverage and expertise. We continue to add to the product portfolio and its competitiveness. We need the D Duplications and Unity. We needed all-flash and the SC. We need to continue to drive the performance advantage we have in extreme IO. We now have a set of loyalty programs that again I believe puts us in a position to walk in to customers and say there is no risk, picking us for pulling out the competition and here's our guarantee behind it. I don’t know if that answers your question, I am happy, if I didn't, to go into more detail. 
Shannon Cross: No, I think that does. I just -- I'm curious versus prior leadership in ISG any changes that you see in terms of how you're going to approach maybe the integration between the two businesses, clearly you're investing in certain areas, it sounds like a lot of that maybe was already underway. So I'm just curious how you are working with the EMC assets?
Jeff Clarke: Well our Dell family of assets either we try not to refer them as EMC assets, it is the Dell family assets. I'm absolutely going to integrate top to bottom one team. You may be aware of some of the more styled orientation of the previous organization that's not going to be the case going forward. We're going to look at the storage portfolio, we're going to make decisions across the portfolio in the best interests of our customers. When I look at the high end storage deck, the mid range storage deck, the low end across data protection in ACI we are going to work more seamlessly across the organization and build the right number of products positioned appropriately in the marketplace. I mentioned in my remarks we have a better complexity in the portfolio. We're going to make it clear for our sales force and clear for our customers what products to buy for what applications or environments. That is something we can do and we will do and it's going to be an across the entire portfolio. I don't know if that answers your question. 
Tom Sweet: But Jeff that is a multi quarter journey, right. 
Jeff Clarke: Given the cycle time of product development, given commitments we've made to customers we will work through this. But you know complexity doesn't mean less products, complexity can mean the number of offers per product, how many countries we offer our product in. Interestingly we treat the 180th country the same way we treat the largest country in the world. It's not clear to me the 180th country in the world needs all of the entire storage breadth of our portfolio and we can make that less complex, easier for our sales and marketing teams to communicate and much easier for our customers to buy. So you'll see us work on that over the next handful of quarters 
Shannon Cross: Great, thank you so much. It's nice to talk. 
Rob Williams: Great, thanks Jeff, thanks Shannon. Thanks to everyone for joining. Quick reminder, in early January we will be at CES with the full suite of consumer and gaming products and invite anyone that's out there to reach out to us, we would be happy to speak with you. Come by our show. So, thanks and have a great holiday season everyone. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-09-07 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - SVP of Investor Relations Tom Sweet - Chief Financial Officer David Goulden - President, Infrastructure Solutions Group Tyler Johnson - SVP & Treasurer
Analysts: Frank Jarman - Goldman Sachs Thomas Eagan - JPMorgan Jeff Harlib - Barclays Arun Seshadri - Credit Suisse David Phipps - Citi
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for 30 days. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Regina. Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is our Chief Financial Officer, Tom Sweet; our President of Infrastructure Solutions Group, David Goulden; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. We posted our second quarter press release and web deck on our website, where this call is also being webcast. Q2 financial results will also be filed on Form 10-Q tomorrow September 8. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Consistent with prior periods, our Q2 non-GAAP operating income excludes approximately $2.5 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are non-cash and related to purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. Please note that due to the EMC merger and to a lesser extent, the Dell go-private transaction, there will continue to be significant bridging items between our GAAP and our non-GAAP results for the next few years, although the impact will decline in each subsequent quarter. Please refer to the web deck as well as our SEC filings for more details on our total non-GAAP adjustments. As a reminder, please note that our second quarter fiscal 2017 historical results do not include EMC, and unless otherwise specified, all growth percentages refer to fiscal year-over-year change, which may not be comparable due to the merger. During this call, we will generally reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA on a continuing operations basis. A reconciliation of these measures to its most comparable GAAP measure can be found on Form 10-Q and in the supplemental material of our web deck. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could [Technical Difficulty] We've combined two great companies, creating the essential infrastructure company with over 140,000 employees. We've unified two global world-class sales forces and launched an integrated channel program, both of which are helping to drive strong velocity in revenue synergies across the segments, specifically for clients, servers and VMware. We've rapidly delevered, paying down approximately $9.5 billion of gross debt after excluding DFS related debt, and we've repurchased approximately 19.7 million shares of Class V Common Stock, totaling $1.1 billion. We've expanded our Dell Financial Services or DFS, portfolio to approximately $6.7 billion in financing receivables, up 30% year-over-year. And we are now the exclusive originator of the Dell EMC business and the preferred finance partner for VMware. And we're driving industry leadership in multiple categories, including newer solutions such as all-flash and hyperconverged infrastructure. We also recently closed multiple large deals, including a multiyear, multi-solution agreement with General Electric. This is just one example of the interest we are seeing from our customers to enter into large, multiyear agreements, which further validates the powerful combination we've created for our customers. We have been pleased with the velocity in many areas of the business and with the strong demand for our newer solutions. While the integration has gone relatively smoothly in many areas, we recognize that we still have work to do to drive profitability higher and improve velocity in our storage business. As we work to improve these areas, we'll continue to stay focused on balancing growth and profitability. Moving to our results for the second quarter. We were pleased with the top line momentum in the client business, servers and networking, hyperconverged infrastructure and all-flash arrays. Margin pressure persisted in parts of the business given the component cost environment and mix dynamics within the Infrastructure Solutions Group. For Q2, GAAP revenue was $19.3 billion with a GAAP operating loss of $1 billion. Non-GAAP revenue was $19.6 billion. While year-over-year compares for ISG and VMware segments are not meaningful, the Client Solutions group grew revenues 7% to its highest revenue level in 3 years. On a standalone basis, VMware reported a revenue growth rate of 12%. Gross margin at the consolidated level was $6.1 billion or 31.1% of revenue, which was impacted by a challenging component cost environment and mix shifts within ISG. We continue to believe memory costs will be a headwind through the remainder of the year even as we work to minimize the impact on the P&L. OpEx was $4.5 billion or 23.2% of revenue. We remain focused on cost optimization and executing our cost initiatives, while also investing back in the business for the long-term success of the company. Operating income was $1.6 billion or 7.9% of revenue. I will now turn it over to Tyler to provide commentary on adjusted EBITDA, cash flow and capital structure.
Tyler Johnson: Thanks, Tom. We had a strong quarter of cash generation in Q2 and paid down additional debt. Cash from operations was $1.8 billion, driven predominantly by profitability and ongoing working capital initiatives. Cash flow was impacted by interest payments, tax payments and strong growth in our DFS business. As a reminder, the majority of our interest payments occur in Q2 and Q4. This strong cash flow generation enabled us to repay $1 billion of core debt during the quarter. Our cash and investments balance was $15.3 billion, up approximately $300 million versus the prior quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was 19% - was up 19% sequentially to $1.9 billion or 9.5% of non-GAAP revenue. Please see slide 19 in the web deck for more details on our EBITDA adjustments. We ended the second quarter with $49.9 billion in total principal debt, down $800 million from the prior quarter as the $1 billion of core debt pay-down was partially offset by an increase in structured financing debt that funds DFS. Our core debt ended the quarter at $40.5 billion, which is down from $48.8 billion at the time we closed the transaction last September. The remaining $9.4 billion of principal debt consisted of debt to fund our DFS business, the $2 billion margin loan and the $1.5 billion bridge facility backed by VMware legacy intercompany notes due to EMC Corp. Early in the third quarter, VMware completed a $4 billion debt offering and used a portion of the proceeds to repay $1.23 billion of the legacy intercompany notes. Dell Technologies use the proceeds from this partial payment of the intercompany notes along with other cash to repay the $1.5 billion bridge facility. Including these latest debt payments, we paid approximately $9.5 billion of gross debt, excluding DFS related debt, since closing the EMC transaction. We've provided a breakdown of our capital structure on slide 8 of the web deck. To simplify the discussion going forward, in addition to categorizing the DFS related debt as non-core, we are creating a new line item for subsidiary debt that will include the recent VMware debt issuance. This aligns with how we present our capital structure to the rating agencies and should help limit confusion, focusing our leverage discussions on core debt for Dell Technologies. As we mentioned on the last earnings call, we continue to see growth in our DFS business. In Q2, originations were approximately $1.6 billion and financing receivables grew to approximately $6.7 billion, up 30% year-over-year, as DFS continues to benefit from the expanded base now including EMC and VMware. We also expanded our DFS operations to Australia and New Zealand in the second quarter. I want to remind everyone that as the DFS business grows, so will our DFS related debt, which includes both allocated corporate debt and structured financing. In Q2, DFS-related debt ended approximately $600 million higher than the prior quarter. We realized this increases the total gross leverage of the company, but this debt is supported and repaid by financing receivables and does not impact our overall deleveraging plans. Jumping to our share repurchase program. We have repurchased approximately 19.7 million shares of Class V common since inception of the program. This includes 13 million shares under the Class V Group repurchase program.  On August 24, we announced that our Board has approved a second amendment to our existing Class V Group repurchase program for up to $300 million over 6 months, which we intend to solely fund through a new Class A stock purchase agreement with VMware. This combined arrangement remains an efficient way to repurchase shares, benefiting both Dell Technologies and VMware shareholders. We are pleased with our continued cash flow generation and the progress we've made on our deleveraging goals to date, and we remain committed to our conservative financial policy and overall capital allocation strategy. Let me turn it over to David.
David Goulden: Thanks, Tyler. ISG continue to drive solid overall demand with orders up mid-single digits year-over-year. While server order velocity remains strong, storage orders declined in the mid-single digits, consistent with the last two quarters. We have robust plans to improve our storage order growth rate, which I'll expand on in just a moment. But before we get further into our results, I wanted to highlight some of the broad trends across the business. This quarter showcased the power of the Dell Technologies portfolio as we drove revenue synergies across the family and signed several large multiyear strategic deals. The largest of these deals was a landmark partnership with GE. The new agreement was one of the largest non-government contracts in our history and makes us GE's primary IT infrastructure provider. Our broad portfolio and position as a private controlled company gives us the flexibility to partner with our customers on a long-term basis in a manner that best matches their needs, and we've made some proactive decisions to lean into these long-term relationship opportunities with our major customers. A key example is the introduction of a new set of flexible consumption models or FCMs. These include a long-term utility like structures that are billed [ph] monthly and new and transformational software license agreements or TLAs, that are built [ph] or financed upfront and make it more flexible for customers to substitute titles and pay for maintenance. Both utility and TLAs have ratable revenue recognition characteristics that over time should drive more predictable and recurring revenue streams through our P&L. Turning to results for the quarter. Total Q2 revenues for the ISG business was approximately $7.4 billion, up 7% quarter-on-quarter. The sequential increase was driven by our Server and Networking segment with revenue of $3.7 billion, up 16% both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. We saw good demand for our recently launched 14th generation PowerEdge server portfolio and are making good progress against our revenue synergy targets. Overall, server demand grew in each of our major regions. In networking, our open networking strategy continues to gain momentum in the software-defined datacenter and with strategic cloud and server service provider customers. Our focused investments in the service provider market help drive more than 20% orders growth across the ISG portfolio. Our storage revenue of $3.7 billion was roughly flat quarter-on-quarter, with orders up mid-teens quarter-on-quarter. The primary differences between our reported sequential revenue and orders demand was growth in our product backlog and an increase in flexible consumption deals. We also continued to see strong growth in our Virtustream enterprise class public cloud with revenue growing more than 50% each quarter since the merger. As a reminder, the change in our fiscal year will cause third-party storage market share figures to compare different year-on-year fiscal periods until calendar Q2 2018. Our storage market share figures are also impacted by flexible consumption models as more business is recognized ratably. Business model and calendar shifts aside, we still have work to do to improve our storage velocity, especially in the higher transaction volume commercial segment of the markets. Our action plan includes better alignments of our sales teams through further [ph] changes and modify incentive problems to better emphasize and capture storage opportunities. We're also adding several hundred storage specialists across our Commercial go-to-market segments, our global storage specialty team and our channel team to increase our storage go-to-market capacity. We expect the impact of these changes to build over the next few quarters. To go hand in hand with these go-to-market initiatives, we'll continue to arm our sales team with a leading portfolio of products, and we're seeing good traction from the product introductions at Dell EMC World this past May. For example, demand for our Isilon scale-out NAS grew double digits this quarter driven by our new architecture, which offers up to 6 times the IOPS [ph], 11 times the throughput and 2 times the capacity of the prior generation. We also started shipping our new integrated data protection appliance late in the quarter and have a strong pipeline heading into Q3. In all-flash, we continue to see good growth at scale on a more than 2 times the size of our nearest competitor. Our portfolio enhanced with a strong first quarter for our new VMAX 950 solution and in Q3, we expect further benefit from the launch of our new XtremIO solution X2. Our hyperconverged portfolio continues to grow triple digits with strength in both XC and VxRail. Since the global launch of VxRail in March 2016, we sold more than 14,000 nodes to more than 2,000 customers. In addition, we have several exciting announcements planned for later this year to further strengthen our storage market position. Moving down to the income statements. Our operating income for ISG was $430 million or 5.8% of revenue. During Q&A on the last call, we talked about five factors that will drive operating income improvement through the year. These factors were a seasonal volume improvements, a mix shift towards storage, more normalized backlog, pricing actions and improved storage go-to-market capabilities. Let me walk you through how each of these played out. During the quarter, seasonal volume improvements drove higher operating income dollars in servers. And while we experienced solid seasonal volume improvements in storage orders, storage revenue was approximately flat sequentially due to the flexible consumption models and a build of higher margin storage backlog. This impacted the server storage revenue mix within ISG. The pricing actions we took offset a portion of the commodity cost increases, but we still faced headwinds in the quarter. And lastly, we are seeing storage go-to-market momentum with larger customers, and we have solid plans in place to improve order velocity in the higher transaction volume commercial segment of the market. Overall, storage growth rates were similar - storage order growth rates were similar in Q2 to Q4 and Q1. We expect to see improved storage order growth rates in the second half. So to net things out from an orders perspective, improvement is starting to play out as expected, but the increase in flexible consumption models and an in-quarter backlog build dampened the impact to the P&L. Notably, the impact to cash flow from these items is less than the impact to the income statement. We expect these factors to continue to be the key drivers of operating margin improvements through the rest of the fiscal year. In summary, we continue to drive hard against operational improvement targets at our go-to-market for product portfolio and cost-out initiatives. We are encouraged by the overall velocity in the ISG group, and we are seeing the rationale between - behind the Dell EMC merger playing out. We're leveraging our product portfolio and our ownership structure to build long-term customer relationships, and we believe we have an unmatched set of capabilities in the marketplace. Let me turn it back to Tom, who will walk you through the Client Solutions Group.
Tom Sweet: Thank you, David. The Client Solutions business had another strong quarter as we continue to take share globally while growing profitably. According to IDC, Dell outperformed the worldwide market, growing units 3.7% in calendar Q2 compared to a total industry decline of 3.1%. We gained share year-over-year for the 18th consecutive quarter and hit our highest market share since 2006, with unit gains across every major region. We expect to continue to take share in this consolidating market with our focus on balancing growth and profitability. Moving to fiscal Q2 results. Revenue for CSG was $9.9 billion, up 7% and was our highest revenue quarter since Q2 of fiscal 2015. Consumer revenue was up 10%, driven by growth in notebooks, continued strength in gaming and by initial traction from our CSDT country expansion program. Commercial grew 6%, due in part to expansion of our customer base, as well as strength in the channel, mobile solutions and attached services. Operating income was $566 million, up 17% or 5.7% of revenue. CSG did benefit from a vendor settlement of approximately $70 million, which impacted the op inc rate by approximately 70 basis points. We continue to execute on profitable growth despite ongoing challenges from the component costs and competitive environments. Let me go into a bit more detail on our momentum in CSG. This segment is benefiting from the execution of our strategic investments in growth areas of the market. We saw strong momentum continued across both high end commercial and consumer notebooks as Latitude, Mobile Workstations and XPS each had double-digit growth during Q2. In calendar Q2, Dell ranked number one in unit share for workstations worldwide. The expansion of our consumers and small business focus to 12 countries also helped drive growth in revenue and profitability. In addition to strength in notebooks, we are having success driving higher attach of services and accessories. Specifically, displays revenue grew double-digits during fiscal Q2. And according to display search in calendar Q1, Dell remained in the number one display provider worldwide, which marks the 16th consecutive quarter. We also saw higher attach rates for our premium client service offering, ProSupport Plus, primarily driven by our Commercial clients business. CSG has been performing well while managing a tough component cost environment. As we continue to work through these cost headwinds, we remain focused on continuing to drive velocity in our Commercial client business and on expanding our customer base through profitable share gains. Now shifting to the VMware segment and other businesses. VMware had another strong quarter. Revenue from the VMware segment was $1.9 billion, and operating income was $561 million or 29.4% of revenue. Stand-alone VMware reported license and subscription bookings up double digits along with strength in NSX and vSAN. We are pleased with momentum we've seen in cross-selling across the portfolio between the VMware and Dell sales forces as we leverage the family of businesses to expand our customer base. We look for this business to continue to grow as it goes to market with its new product offerings, including VMware cloud on AWS and VMware app defense announced at VM World last week. We are excited about another announcement made last week at the VM World that truly simplifies that Dell Technologies is better together. VMware and Pivotal launched Pivotal Container Service, or PKS, in collaboration with Google Cloud, delivering a simple way to deploy and operate production ready Kubernetes containers on VMware vSphere and Google Cloud platform. Revenue from our other businesses, which includes SecureWorks, RSA, Pivotal and Boomi, was $472 million. Pivotal again delivered strong top line results, with rapid growth in Pivotal Cloud Foundry software solutions. In addition, the team continues to increase its customer footprint and expand its partner ecosystem. SecureWorks released its stand-alone earnings yesterday, where it reported double-digit revenue growth to $116 million, continued gross margin expansion and solid operating cash flow. This business continues to focus on growing revenue and improving profitability as it looks to accelerate momentum heading into next year. In closing, we've had many bright spots over the past year in the Dell Technologies family of businesses, with good velocity in client, servers, all-flash, hyperconverged infrastructure and software-defined datacenter, great progress on debt pay down and steady expansion of our DFS portfolio. But as we said on past calls, we did expect some disruption due to the many changes brought into the organization, particularly in go-to-market. I think it's also fair to remind everyone that we've been doing this while managing our way through the most challenging cost environment in over a decade. We believe we're making the right decisions for the long-term health of the business, and though we have made progress, we have work to do, some of these decisions may take longer to impact the results as we move forward. As a privately controlled entity, we have the flexibility to make these long-term decisions. We are the only provider that has this level flexibility and breadth of solutions that can offer a single set of solutions, and this is resonating with customers and partners. We're pleased with how far we've come over the past year and are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. We will continue to focus on growing faster than the market, accelerating in growth opportunities like all-flash and hyperconverged and winning in the hybrid and multi-cloud environment. We remain committed to driving cash flow generation, delevering [ph] the balance sheet and balancing cost actions with investments to position the business for the long-term success. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let's go to Q&A. We ask, that each participant ask one question with one follow up if you have one. Regina, can you please introduce the first question.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Frank Jarman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Frank Jarman: Great. Thanks for taking my questions guys. I guess, first, I just wanted to focus on the ISG segment margins a little bit. You talked about the five factors that would drive sequentially better performance, and you did show 110 basis points of operating margin improvement in the quarter on a sequential basis. But historically, we would have seen a little bit better quarter-over-quarter growth. And obviously, on a year-over-year basis, it was down. So can you just help us better understand was it obviously, you should have had the seasonal uplift. But when you think about the storage business in particular, how do we think about improving the trajectory of the business and how quickly can that happen with regards to thinking about the sales force additions and other actions you're taking there? Thank you.
David Goulden: Yes, Frank, thanks. This is David. Let me handle that for you. So yes, as you said, we do see modest improvement sequentially, and the 5 factors that we talked about that let us improve during the year are the key factors. From a storage point of view, we saw what we expected in terms of sequential growth to play out from an orders point of view. We had a sequential order growth in storage in the mid-teens, just kind of the way you would expect to go from a Q1 to a Q2. But as I mentioned, sequentially, the revenue was roughly flat. That was impacted by two factors. One was a build and storage backlog due to the timing of when the orders came in, in the quarter and our decision not to try and chase that backlog all out of the door in the actual quarter. And also our choice to lean into these flexible consumption models, which led us to have a long-term relationships with customers, but basically those are recognize ratably. So we did see things playing out from a sequential order growth point of view. But the two factors that I mentioned dampened the impact on the sequential growth. The last factor that you mentioned was the go-to-market ads, where we're doing very well in two of the major growth markets in storage in all-flash and hyperconverged. The third area is the traditional mid-range storage system, which is heavily weighted to the Commercial marketplace, where as I mentioned, we're adding several hundred sales specialists. We are modifying our incentives and really engineering the way we go out to that mid-market opportunity more aggressively, and that will start to build over the next several quarters. So those are the things that kind of altogether impacted what you saw happening in the storage business in the quarter.
Frank Jarman: Got it. Thank you. And so as I sort of walk that forward and think about a year ago, right, 3Q 2017, we typically seasonally see a pretty big bump in terms of margin performance for the segment. And so when I think about seasonal uplift into 3Q, plus the backlog that you've essentially held back for the quarter and the order momentum that you're generating there plus the sales force, should we expect a typical 3Q margin trajectory for the ISG segment?
David Goulden: Frank, the biggest driver of that is still going to be the storage business, and typically just to kind of go back to the heritage EMC model, typically Q2 and Q3 are relatively similar from a top line point of view. So any changes in operating margin account more related to kind of mix and backlog movements and things like that. Obviously, exactly how much of the quarter winds up being in the flexible consumption models is yet to be figured out, that’s a kind of lumpy factor. A few large deals make a big difference. But from a top line point of view, don't expect any significant difference really in the storage segments, which will be perhaps the biggest driver of operating margin as you move forward sequentially into Q3. Obviously, Q4 is much bigger quarter.
Frank Jarman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Thomas Eagan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Eagan: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. On the last quarter, you coached us to thinking that this quarter would be maybe the worst quarter for those - the component headwinds. And while the revenue that you produced was about in line with what we were thinking, the actual cost, especially on the Client Solutions side were better than what we thought. So I wondered, you talked a little bit, Tom, about what things that you were doing to offset those costs on the cost of sales sides, maybe if you could just give us a little bit more color on that. And then I have a follow-up.
Tom Sweet: Sure, Tom. Hey, so look, we did tell you I think back in Q1 when we did this call that the sequential jump in component costs from Q1 to Q2 was relatively significant. And as we look forward, we still think memory costs will be a headwind through the year, although we do think that Q2 to Q3, the sequential jump will be significantly less than what we saw in Q2. But that's obviously going to be a headwind. But having said that, look, I mean, we haven't been static about what we're doing in the sense of managing configuration. We have adjusted price a number of times, as we balance both list price moves and our overall discounting framework that we've used, particularly in our Commercial base. And I would tell you that in general, we've seen reasonably good success sort of navigating through this. It's obviously not perfect. And in general, what we have seen is a gradual mitigation of the component cost environment. Now the question is as you go forward is balancing that, those pricing actions and component, our configuration actions that you're doing and trying to balance that growth velocity with profitability. And so it's a careful balance here because as you know, Tom, we're a believer in premium growth to the market, and you've got to be careful around making sure that as you adjust prices appropriately, you're not somehow stymieing demand. And so it's been a balance that way. I think the team's done a pretty good job, particularly in the client and in the server space sort of navigating through that. There's more work to do, so I want to tell you that we've been perfect in that execution, particularly as I look at the server business, I think that there's an opportunity to continue to adjust, and we're pleased with the performance so far that we're seeing early in Q3 in that area. Also, as you think about some of these storage and server space, particularly, you get a bit more lag in terms of how effective the price moves are given some of the longer nature of the contracts. And so price moves further in over a bit longer time frame, particularly in the datacenter space. So all in all, look, I think the team's done a pretty reasonable job. We'll see how the environment migrates over the next couple of quarters and on into next year. And we're continuing to manage to drive both velocity of the business, as well as margin dollars. So that's the balance we're trying to thread right now.
Thomas Eagan: Okay. Thanks. And then for my follow-up, I just wanted to be clear on the takeaway that you want us to have regarding deleveraging. Because I'm sure everyone appreciates that the details of getting a level of core debt and other debt, and subsidiary debt. I want to make sure that we walk away with the right thought process and how you think about deleveraging. When you talk about deleveraging, are we talking about all debt to all EBITDA, the way that you book it or are we talking about subtracting out VMware debt or subtracting out VMware EBITDA or some other measure? How will you guys when you say that you're deleveraging, how should we think about what that means?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey, Tom, and I'll let Tyler do most of the heavy lifting on this question, but let me just be real clear with everybody as we think about deleveraging. We are focused on delevering the balance sheet, and we tend to talk about delevering as it relates to core debt, okay? And Tyler will take you through what we mean by core debt. Clearly, the capital structure is getting a bit more complicated as we think about core debt, debt that supports our DFS business, which is backed by the cash flow from the financing receivables and now we have subsidiary debt with VMware, which is backed by the VMware cash flow. So I am very focused on core debt delevering. That's been our focus. That's what you've heard us talk about, and Tyler perhaps can go into a bit more detail on how we’re managing through that and trying to provide you actually a bit more detail about it so that it's clear to you, and you can give us feedback whether that’s - we're successful in that area.
Tyler Johnson: Yes, Tom, I think that the way Tom described it is correct, and it is complicated, right, because of the relationship with VMware and VMware's desire and need to balance their own capital structure to drive their own strategic initiatives. But keep in mind, right, we've always talked about VMware or our cash balance ex VMware, right? So when you look at VMware's ability to pay off or to manage the debt that they've taken on the $4 million [ph] is obviously - they're obviously very comfortable with that, and the rating agencies are comfortable with that. And then we want always be very distinctive about DFS, and I think you've heard me talk about it historically where I almost referred that as good debt because that's debt which is allowing our business to grow. It's supporting our customer needs. It's being settled through the financing receivables that come with that. And as those kind of amortized down or pay down, right, that's what settles that debt. So to Tom's point, we look at everything, but core debt is where you'll really see the emphasis of the deleveraging, right, which includes the term loans and the investment-grade nodes and the debt that was really there to fund the acquisition of EMC, the debt, which is ultimately settled through our cash flow generation and EBITDA generation. So…
Thomas Eagan: Okay. So just to be clear, Tyler, then its core debt which excludes the VMware debt and financing debt and also divided by EBITDA that excludes VMware EBITDA?
Tyler Johnson: Well, we look at it always, but to your point, right, I think there are different ways you can slice and dice it, and I know the rating agencies do the same thing. So look, we're going to report recognizing that we still have this disconnect because of where the trailing 12 months that we need to really start reporting leverage ratios, but we're going to look at it always.
Thomas Eagan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Harlib with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeff Harlib: Good morning. Just following up in the storage business. Can you just talk about if there are any further changes or challenges in the overall industry regarding the shift to flash and weakness in traditional and kind of mid-market? And what gives you confidence you can improve the orders in the second half of the year from where they've been on a year-over-year basis?
David Goulden: Yes. Jeff, thank you. This is David. Let me take that. So within the storage industry, we're seeing I think the biggest kind of trend, which you see is a shift in the market mix towards more than mid-range storage systems. So the high end of the market, the systems of over $500,000 are - that market is declining and has been declining in the kind of mid-teens percentage range. And the growth in the market is in the mid-range, the mid-range systems has become more capable. It's still a significant difference in terms of the core capabilities of the kind of multiprocessor, scale, upscale out high-end systems, but nevertheless, the growth is in the mid-range. So that's a big dynamic that's going on. In terms of the movement towards all-flash, that has now represented the majority of shipments in the high end of the marketplace, where the price performance benefits of all-flash really play out strongly. It's starting to take a bigger impact of the mid-tier market, as well. Below $50,000 systems, there's not a lot of all-flash right now, probably won't be for a couple of years. In terms of where the growth opportunities are in the storage market, as I mentioned briefly before, there are really three major areas of growth within the overall storage marketplace. One is all-flash in general, where we're doing very well. We're growing nicely at scale with 2 times the size of our nearest competitor in all-flash. The next is in hyperconverged, where again we're doing well partnering with VMware, a triple digit growth in that segment of the business. And the third area, back to my earlier comment of growth in the market, is in that mid-range price band, which is where we have more work to do. And that's where we are focused upon adding the sales resources, which I've talked about, changing our quota and compensation schemes to put more emphasis on the mid-market within storage, introducing more products, et cetera. And we believe that, that investment in that mid-market storage opportunity is the thing that’s going to help us do better in the second half from a growth point of view than we did in the first half.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jeff, it's Tom. I do think it's fair to say that, that sales force expansion will ramp over the next number of quarters, right? That's not going to be an immediate impact even as we build that capacity. So Jeff, I think that you're going to see perhaps the storage velocity ramp more towards the latter half of the year versus - of the second half I should say versus the first half of the second half, so to speak. So I do think that this is going to be a gradual build as we adjust the coverage models, particularly in that Commercial space. And lots of other levers being pulled, by the way, in terms of marketing programs and other things that we're doing around incentives and things of that sort. But look, I think this is one of those things that's going to take a little bit of time to work our way through. But our focus there is to build back that velocity because it's clearly an area of the market that we're not performing as well as we should be, and it's just a focus area for us to drive velocity and it drives a nice margin flow as well. So we've got to get it fixed.
Jeff Harlib: Got it, okay. And just my follow-up on free cash flow. Were there any major unusual items during the quarter? And I know you were going to pay a significant taxes related to a prior asset sales, how much was that? And then anything you can say about lower drive free cash flow over the next few quarters, be it actions the company is taking or other seasonal issues?
Tyler Johnson: Yes. Look, I think you are right. I mean, we talked last quarter about the taxes that were related to divestitures, which was - that would have been netted into that cash flow. I don't have the exact number in front of me, but it was - I think it was somewhere around $800 million to $900 million, and so that was obviously fairly impactful. I think the good news is and your question is the right question because you're thinking about it correctly. I think now as we move forward, you're going to start to see more the cash flow is less impacted by integration or acquisition or divestiture-type charges. And so you'll see it be more related to profitability and working capital. And look, we're making great progress on our working capital initiatives. I mean, you could see there was a good benefit this quarter. That was partially driven by the P&L growth, which because of the negative cash conversion cycle obviously, it always goes off with cash. But then within there also, great progress around getting the suppliers coordinated on both sides between the legacy EMC and Dell and moving channel partners to channel financing programs. And so those actions are continuing to happen, great progress. We expect to see some more benefits flow through the P&L. But like you said, a lot of the one-offs, I think, are going to be behind us.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Tyler, I also think and Jeff, I think it's fair to say though as we think about things like the storage business, David mentioned it in his talking points that we are seeing more interest in these multiyear structures and particularly like these TLA structures, where what used to be ELA, which were billed [ph] upfront, revenue was recognized upfront, those things are highly profitable, and we are seeing because of customer interest and flexibility around their software titles that perhaps they're interested in, the structures are changing. And as a result of that, from an accounting perspective, we're deferring that revenue, deferring that margin, but I'm still getting the cash flow upfront from that end. I think that's a phenomenon we're going to continue to see. Because as customers are navigating through sort of a more flexible environment, which is what they demand. So I do think that that's going to be an area that we're going to have to continue to talk about and provide visibility to as we go forward because I think our EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA numbers are going to be well obviously, a calculation are going - we're going to have to think about how we think about some of these new types of structures.
Jeff Harlib: Thank you.
Tyler Johnson: Its good point. And just related to this, right, and as we think about the cash generation for the second half of the year, I mean, one thing, and I think I mentioned this on the last call as well. You know, look, we're happy with the debt pay-down we did this quarter, the $1 billion, and you'll continue to see us pay-down the debt as we talked about. But we do have those maturities in the first half of next year. So you might see our cash balances or you will see our cash balances start to increase as we get towards and into Q4 as we position ourselves to settle those maturities. So just want people to be aware of that.
Jeff Harlib: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Seshadri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Arun Seshadri: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First, maybe for David. I just wanted to understand a little bit better about your flexible consumption models on the storage side. Is there any way to quantify the storage backlog, I guess, the proportion of your backlog is what proportion would be under those models? And how do you - when you look at the backlog overall, what are the tenure [ph] of the backlog? And when do you expect to see realization of revenue under those - with the backlog that you have?
David Goulden: Okay, thanks. So let me clarify a couple of things. When we talk about backlog, we're not talking about SDMs [ph] and I want to come back to that in just one minute. Backlog is the products that we take orders for in the quarter, and we don't shift in the quarter. So that's different phenomena, I'm going to come back and explain the SDMs in just one moment, but the backlog is simply pro [ph] backlog that is not shipped at the end of the quarter. That is impacted by a couple of things, the timing of order flow during the quarter and also just how much inventory we keep waiting for those orders to come in how much that we ship out during end of the quarter.
Tom Sweet: And Arun, hey, it's Tom. Remember what we said earlier on earlier calls, which was that we were not going to - unless the customer needed it, we were not going to drive extraordinary measures to try and optimize shipments at the end of the quarter from a rev rec perspective. We would let the shipments fall in the natural period in which they fall. Quite frankly, because it was more cost-effective and more economical to do it that way. And so David is right. We had a SKU in linearity where orders came in very late in the quarter from pure storage product demand, and those were just typical co [ph] products that will ship out in Q3. Now your follow-on question has to be well how do you think about backlog in Q3? The questions going to be we'll have to see how the linearity works in Q3 as we work our way through that. We have driven some changes in our comp plans to perhaps drive some incentive to bring those in earlier in the quarter. I've had mixed success over my career trying to mix shift that curve. So we'll have to see. But backlog will just shift in the normal course, and we'll have to see what linearity looks like next quarter, right, as it relates to pure product backlog.
David Goulden: Exactly. So now let come back to the flexible consumption model that are different, specifically there are two things within this bucket of the flexible consumption models. The first of these transaction - these transformational software license agreements, we call them TLAs. As Tom mentioned earlier, we used to have [ph] something called the ELAs, which were enterprise license agreements. Those were revenue upfronts, multiyear commitment revenue upfront. The TLAs are the next generation of that. They are typically for our storage software. They cover a multiyear period. The customers basically taking a commitment to a basket of software products for a multiyear period, and under the structure, the TLAs we give the customer more flexibility in terms of how they substitute titles, we let them choose to when they want to basically start introducing maintenance on those proxy network or because of the nature of the TLA, it is now recognized ratably. So that's one form of flexible consumption model. The other form of flexible consumption model, which we are seeing growth in is product utilities, where previously a customer would have bought a fair amount of storage product, typically upfront storage or backup are now moved to a model where it's a utility purchase they are paying based upon use again over a multiyear period of time. So those are the two things that in total are going to category called flexible consumption models. You asked for a sizing. So to put it into perspective, if we were to look at the total storage demand in the quarter, the flexible consumption models represented kind of mid-teens percentage of total storage demand. So it does have a meaningful short term impact on the difference between what we're getting from the sequential growth in orders versus less of a growth in revenue. So that hopefully clarifies the dynamics around FCMs.
Tom Sweet: And remember what we talked about earlier, Arun, which is again on the TLAs, we'll build those upfront, so the cash flow comes up-front just like historically the ELA would. The utilities clearly an over time depending upon usage or whatever the mechanism is. And so look, I mean, that's why I was trying to explain earlier, there are some dynamics that we have to help you guys with as we move forward from a how you think about EBITDA, how you think about cash, how do you think about order velocity within the business of the storage business given. What I think is going to be continuing interest with our customers to explore these different types of structures given the flexibility that they are asking for. And quite frankly, Michael and I have told the team to lean into these things in the sense of their great arrangements, they typically build out a framework for our customer relationship for a number of years. They tend to be nicely profitable over that period of time. But it is a bit of a transition that we're seeing right now, even as quite frankly we still do need to drive mid-range storage and some of those others that’s on classical transactional demand generation that we need to do. So we've got to do both, and that's the focus that we have right now.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Arun. Regina, I think we’ve got time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of David Phipps with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Phipps: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So can we talk a little bit about the server business? You did extremely well there versus our model, and you introduced the 14th generation of PowerEdge. Was there a bit of build-up from - the sales for the new PowerEdge that help drive some of the sales? Or was it more systematic or more selective when you look at the server business performance in the quarter?
David Goulden: Yes, David, let me take that. So, yes we introduced and just started to ship towards the end of the quarter the 14G. So we started to ramp what was a kind of small percentage of our overall mix. I think what happens in servers was a couple of things. People really like the 13G family, particularly our strength in the rack scale systems. We're seeing n a lot of synergy. We're seeing a lot of cross-sell in servers. A lot of growth is coming from the enterprise segments where obviously we've been able to take the server business into our traditional high-end accounts that were the stronghold of the datacenter sales force that EMC side brought, but also we are seeing good growth in mid-market as well. So the server business is I think relative to the top line firing on all cylinders. Right now, 14G I think gets a lot of people excited. They like to see that there's a road map out there, it's kind of future-proofing their decisions kind of invest in the Dell portfolio there, but didn't make a very significant part of the quarter from either a bookings or revenue point of view yet.
Tom Sweet: David, I do think it's fair to say though that as you think about the server business that there is a particular like hyperconverged and vSAN, some of these other solutions that were software defined that were driving that. That also falls in that - that generally takes a server with software, right? And so we are seeing incremental interest in some of these new form factors and solutions, which is also helping to drive that number as well.
David Goulden: Absolutely, which again goes back typically those running on rack scale systems…
Tom Sweet: Yes…
David Goulden: Which is kind of where our strength is in the server market at least. So yes, the kind of moving toward software defined, software-defined datacenters, hyperconverged is certainly one of the drivers in the server market and of course, working very closely with VMware has been a big driver of the server business as well.
David Phipps: And then as my follow-up. So you're driving from great strength now, the PC market with 18 consecutive quarters of taking market share. The server business is performing very well and as everyone has asked about like data [ph] storage business moves a little bit more rapidly forward. So with some of the sales momentum that you've had in those lines of business when you look at the ISG group, are there - are you starting to gain some of these cross-selling tractions that you might have expected from the combination of all the entities with EMC?
Tom Sweet: Look, this is Tom. I'll let David comment since it's his business. But look, I think we've been pretty very pleased overall with the cross-selling activity that we have seen, and that was one of the sort of key thesis of the deal, which was between the family of businesses with VMware and Pivotal and our core business of client, server storage that and the fact that the customer bases didn't really overlap that well in terms of share - relative share for these respective business units or respective LOBs [ph] I should say. That we have seen very good velocity in general with that cross-sell activity, really good velocity in the VMware capability, good velocity in client. We have pretty good velocity in server. We got some work to do in storage, to be blunt. But that part of the structure of how we thought about that has I think has performed quite well, David, from my perspective.
David Goulden: I agree, Tom, and just to be fair and remind David that we've had set our go-to-market structure this way we've had two distinct go-to-market motions, one, the enterprise go-to-market segment focused upon the 3,000 biggest customers in the marketplace and then the Commercial go-to-market segment focus [ph] on everything else. Obviously, the enterprise segments was largely comprised of the legacy EMC business, and that's where we've seen great lift in the cross-sell, where we've seen server, client. We've also let that group start to resell VMware as well, which has proven to be a lift and helpful. And then in the commercial business, which is largely again not entire, largely the ex Dell team obviously, we move the related parts of ex EMC, in there seen strong growth again. We're serving client VMware doing well and just you know, that one area where we still have to do some more work is in the storage momentum in the Commercial market segment. So if you kind of look at all - if you look at that kind of matrix of kind of different go-to-market versus different products, I think we've seen everything we expected to see with one area for further improvement.
Tom Sweet: But I think overall though as we think about the year, so it's been a year now since we closed this merger that in general, what we wanted to do was get out of the gate strong from a velocity perspective, and I think in general, that's happened. Obviously, things - we've done a lot of things that I think worked reasonably well. We’ve got some things that we have to continue to focus on whether it stores velocity or some of the other - continue to cost optimization work. But again, those are all things that are in process that we'll continue to focus on and drive even if - again, I want to make sure everybody understands that the goal here is to get the velocity in the business back, make sure that we're driving the right sort of margin dollar profile here and then continue to delever the balance sheet from a core debt perspective because you will see I believe DFS debt continue to grow as the financing structures continue to grow [indiscernible] the interesting opportunities we have at DFS. So that's the balance we're trying to drive and trying to make sure folks that follow us understand how we're going to – how we’re approaching this as we move forward.
David Phipps: Okay. All right, Thank you.
Rob Williams: Okay. Thanks, Dave, thanks Tom. That wraps the call this morning. As a reminder, a replay of the webcast as well as the transcript will be available on investors.delltechnologies.com. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-06-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations  Tom Sweet - Chief Financial Officer Tyler Johnson - Treasurer David Goulden - President Steve Price - Chief Human Resources Officer
Analysts: Thomas Eagan - JPMorgan Frank Jarman - Goldman Sachs David Phipps - Citigroup Arun Seshadri - Credit Suisse Daniel Fuss - Morgan Stanley Steven Milunovich – UBS
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I’d like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or part, without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location for 30 days. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Regina. Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is our Chief Financial Officer, Tom Sweet; our President of Infrastructure Solutions Group, David Goulden; and our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. We posted our first quarter press release and web deck on our website, where this call is also being webcast. Q1 financial results will be filed on Form 10-Q tomorrow June 9. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. Consistent with prior periods, our Q1 non-GAAP operating income excludes approximately $2.7 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are non-cash and relate to purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. Please note that due to the EMC merger, and to a lesser extent, the Dell go-private transaction, there will continue to be significant bridging items between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the next few years, although, the impact will decline in each subsequent quarter. Please refer to the web deck as well as our SEC filings for more details on our total non-GAAP adjustments. As a reminder, please note that our first quarter fiscal year 2017 historical results do not include EMC and unless otherwise specified growth percentages refer to fiscal year-over-year changes, which may not be comparable due to the merger. During this call, we will generally refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjust EBITDA on a continuing operations basis. A reconciliation of these measures to its most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found on Form 10-Q and in the supplemental material in our web deck. Finally, I’d like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in the cautionary statement section in our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I’ll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Rob. We were pleased with the overall results, given some of the dynamics we’ve worked through during the quarter. We completed our first quarter under the fully integrated annual plan and the new go-to-market structure. We aligned the family of businesses to the Dell Technologies fiscal year calendar, and we faced component cost headwinds in certain areas. We feel good about the velocity we saw in many areas of the business, the work we’ve done on integration, our cash and balance sheet management and the success that we’re seeing in our Dell Financial Services or DFS business. While we made progress, there’s still more work to do and we will discuss this in more detail later in the call. Now jumping into the Q1 results. GAAP revenue was $17.8 billion, with a GAAP operating loss of $1.5 billion. Non-GAAP revenue was $18.2 billion. While year-over-year compares for ISG and VMware segments are not meaningful, CSG revenue grew 6%. On a standalone basis, last week VMware reported a growth rate of 9%. Our ISG business saw revenue growth in PowerEdge servers and strengthened our newer solutions, including all-flash arrays, hyperconverged systems and software defined storage, with softness in traditional hybrid storage arrays. We are focused on improving overall storage velocity as we move forward and in balancing server revenue growth and profitability, given the challenging component cost environment. Gross margin at the consolidated level was $5.6 billion, or 31.1% of revenue, and was impacted by pricing actions in both ISG and CSG, as we navigated through the component cost increases, as well as mix shifts within ISG. As a reminder, there are some instances, where pricing commitments are already in place, and we can’t always bridge that gap with pricing adjustments when the cost environment moves as quickly as we’ve seen it move recently. Going forward, we do anticipate memory and SSD cost to be a headwind to the remainder of the year. OpEx is $4.4 billion, or 24.5% of revenue. We continue to execute on our cost initiatives, while also investing back in the business to drive growth in today’s changing IT environment. Operating income was $1.2 billion, or 6.6% of revenue. Now, let me turn it over to Tyler to provide additional commentary on adjusted EBITDA, cash flow and capital structure.
Tyler Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.6 billion, or 8.6% of non-GAAP revenue. Please see Slide 17 in the web deck for more details on our EBITDA adjustments. In Q1, we generated cash from operations of $240 million. Operating cash flow during the quarter was driven predominantly by profitability and working capital benefits. Cash flow was in line with expectations and normal Q1 seasonality. Our cash and investments balance was $14.9 billion, down approximately $300 million versus the prior quarter. During Q1, we paid approximately $100 million in term loan amortization. In addition, as discussed on the Q4 earnings call, we closed on the repricing and upsizing of our Term Loan B, using the incremental $500 million to reduce our margin loan bridge from $2.5 billion to $2 billion. Subsequently, we refinanced the bridge into a $2 billion margin loan now at the five-year maturity. Since closing the EMC transaction, we have paid down $7.1 billion of gross debt, excluding Dell Financial Services related debt, resulting a $200 million reduction in annualized interest expense on a run rate basis. We ended the quarter with $50.7 billion in total principal debt, up $400 million due to the growth in our DFS business. Of this amount, $41.9 billion is core debt, the remainder included approximately $5.2 billion of debt that funds our DFS business. The $2 billion margin loan and a $1.5 billion bridge facility backed by VMware legacy intercompany notes due to EMC Corp. Moving to our share purchase program. Today, we have repurchased approximately 13 million shares of Class V common stock under the Class V Group repurchase program totaling approximately $800 million. As a reminder, this portion of the repurchase program has been funded through a share purchase agreement to sell VMware Class A common stock to VMware. Since closing the EMC transaction, we’ve repurchased approximately 19.7 million shares of Class V common stock for a total of $1.1 billion, when including the DHI Group repurchase program. We’ll continue to evaluate repurchase opportunities in the context of our broader capital allocation strategy. Before I turn the call over to David, I’d like to highlight the portfolio of growth momentum we are seeing in our DFS business. DFS is now the exclusive originator of the Dell EMC business and the preferred finance partner for VMware, which we expect to enable incremental revenue and profitability across our portfolio of solutions over time. In Q1, DFS originations approached approximately $1.1 billion and financing receivables grew to approximately $6 billion, up 19% year-over-year. As the DFS business grows so our DFS-related debt, which includes both allocated corporate debt and structured financing. I also wanted to comment briefly on the new consumption models we announced to Dell EMC World at the beginning of May. We are seeing growing customer interest in flexible consumption models, as they work through their digital transformation. We expect the impact of cash to be immaterial. To close, I want to reiterate what I said on our last earnings call and at the recent Investor Meeting. We remain committed to our conservative financial policy and overall capital allocation strategy. We continue to prioritize deleveraging and optimizing the balance sheet to a profitable growth and strong cash flow generation. Let me turn it over to David.
David Goulden: Thanks, Tyler. Overall, the Information Solutions Group or ISG performed well in its first quarter with our new go-to-market structure, as demand across the ISG portfolio grew mid single digits. While I was relatively pleased with the demand and overall revenue performance, we still have work to do to improve our execution in some areas as we move forward. I’ll provide more details on that in just a moment. At Dell EMC World in May, we announced major updates across our portfolio. These new solutions are designed to help our customers realize their IT and digital transformation goals, while letting them choose the pace and consumption model best suited for their organization. In servers, we enhanced our position as the industry’s leading vendor with our new 14G line that provides a more scalable business architecture, intelligent automation and integrated security. This new generation of servers is the bedrock of the modern datacenter creating a common platform that is essential in a server-centric software defined world. In hyperconverged infrastructure, we announced several updates to our portfolio, including a new VxRail 4.5 appliance, extend the capabilities for our XC series on VxRack Systems, as well as new flexible consumption models aimed at making hyperconverged infrastructure easier and simpler to acquire, deploy and manage. In storage, we announced a full lineup of new all-flash solutions, including the new VMAX 950F, which is up to four times faster than our newest competitor for mission critical workloads; XtremIO X2, with three times more capacity, 25% better storage efficiency and 80% better response times than the prior generation. We also introduced new Unity, SC and Isilon solutions to round out our midrange and unstructured all-flash portfolio. In data protection, we introduced a new turnkey integrating data protection appliance, which combined storage protection, search and analytics and easy to deploy solution. In networking, we introduced the industry’s first 25 gig E open networking switch for the software defined datacenter designed to go hand in hand with our new 14G services. Additionally, we enhanced our software defined storage solutions with new scale I/O and ECS updates. For full list of product announcements from Dell EMC World, please visit our website. Now turning back to results for the quarter. Total Q1 revenue for the IT business was approximately $6.9 billion with operating income of $323 million, or 4.7% of revenue. There are a couple of factors to note regarding our operating margin performance. First, consistent with historical trends, Q1 is typically the seasonally low point for the year and we expect operating margins to build through the year with volume. Second, we had some gross margin headwinds, including higher commodity costs and a mix shift between servers and storage. And third, the quarter was impacted by a backlog build and some non-cash charges from the decision to discontinue certain products. So overall, we were relatively pleased with our top line performance and we’re laser focused on improving profit margins in Q2 and beyond. Looking at results by segments, our server and networking revenue of $3.2 billion increased 5%. We remain the worldwide market leader in X86 server units, driven by our mainstream business, where we gained 200 basis points of unit share and 260 basis points of revenue share according to IDC. We continue to see strength in our mainstream PowerEdge business with units and revenue up double digits in the fiscal quarter, while a high volume cloud business declined. In storage, we generated revenue of $3.7 billion. To give you a sense of our performance, orders demand in fiscal Q1 was down mid single digits, a similar rate to Q4. As a reminder results from market research firms are based on calendar quarters, and the change in our fiscal year caused our calendar Q1 results to be void of a typical month three, as the quarter linearity shifted towards April. While we were pleased with the performance of our high-end all-flash, hyperconverged infrastructure and software defined storage solutions, we still have work to do in midrange storage. Our improvement in this space will start by taking advantage of the products we announced at Dell EMC World and by focusing on direct and channel teams on this market opportunity. We also plan to extend a lead across all-flash storage with the broad range of product announcements I mentioned earlier. All-flash demand in the fiscal quarter grew very high double digits, as customers modernize their IT infrastructure with our market leading solutions. Demand in our hyperconverged portfolio, including VxRail and XC appliances, as well as VxRack Systems continue to grow triple digits, driven by customer demand portfolio integrated solutions. Additionally, the early response from our new Cloud Flex consumption model has been very positive with initial interest exceeding our expectations. We also drove strong performance against the rest of our cloud strategy this quarter as well. Demand for our Virtustream public cloud for mission critical applications grew approximately 100%. And later this year, we’ll introduce a Virtustream addition of our Enterprise Hybrid Cloud to encompass mission critical worloads on-prem with seamless connections to Virtustream public cloud. We also saw growth in our Native Hybrid Cloud solutions, which are powered by Pivotal Cloud Foundry, the world’s most powerful software, the world’s most powerful developer platform and used by organizations to rapidly develop and run modern and legacy applications at startup speeds. In summary, I’m extremely excited by our position in the market and our ability to help our customers with the most critical IT translation needs. We had a solid start to the year in most parts of the ISG business with some work to do in midrange storage. Profitability will improve as we move through the year, driven by volume, mix and the removal of some of the factors the impacting Q1. With that, let me turn it back over to Tom, who will walk you through the Client Solutions Group.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, David. The Client Solutions business had a good quarter. According to IDC, the overall market was better than expected for calendar Q1. Worldwide PC unit shipments for calendar of Q1 grew by 0.8%, exceeding IDC’s forecast of a negative 1.8%. This was the first positive year-over-year growth quarter for the industry since calendar Q1 of 2012. We gained share year-over-year for the 17th consecutive quarter seen positive unit growth in every region. According to IDC, Dell outperformed the worldwide market in both notebooks and desktops and in both commercial and consumer. We will continue to take share in this consolidating market, but we will do this while balancing growth and profitability. Moving to fiscal Q1 results, revenue for CSG was $9.1 billion, up 6%. Both commercial and consumer saw growth in the quarter, up 3% and 12%, respectively, as we are seeing the benefits of improved go-to-market execution in investments that we’ve made in premium products and innovative form factors. Operating income was $374 million, down 3% on a tough compare and was 4.1% of revenue. The decline was primarily due to increases in certain component costs that were not – we were not able to fully offset through pricing actions within the quarter. We saw strong momentum continue across both high-end consumer and commercial notebooks as XPS and Mobile Workstations each saw double-digit growth and Latitude saw high single-digit. In addition, we continue to focus on driving higher attach of serviced and accessories, which also drive higher margins to our Client Solutions. Specifically, we continue to see higher attach rates for our ProSupport offerings for commercial client, and our displays business also had another solid quarter of revenue growth. We also mentioned during the Q4 call in the April Investor Meeting that we’re making investments back in the business in emerging growth areas. Specifically, for the client business, these investments include gaming, high-end notebooks and displays. In addition, we are expanding our consumer and small business focus to 12 countries, as we build on the momentum we’ve achieved from the five countries where this program was initially launched. As Tyler and David have both mentioned, we are starting to see a change in how organizations address their IT needs, looking for new and more flexible consumption models to balance operating expenses and capital expenditures. In the client space, we introduce the Dell Technologies PC as a Service solution, which combines the latest Dell Technologies PC hardware, software and end-to-end services including deployment, management, security and support, for a single, predictable price per seat per month. We were generally pleased with the performance of CSG this quarter, especially given the component cost environment. Going forward, we are focused on driving velocity in our commercial client business and expanding our customer base through profitable share gains. Now shifting to the VMware segment and other businesses. VMware had another strong quarter. Revenue from the VMware segment was $1.7 billion and operating income was $486 million, or 28% of revenue. We have started to see revenue synergies materialize as our innovation activities continue, and we see momentum across most of VMware’s portfolio that continued. Specifically, emerging technology saw strong growth, driven by vSAN and NSX. Revenue from our other businesses, which include SecureWorks, RSA, Pivotal and Boomi was $462 million. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, Pivotal delivered strong top line results, primarily driven by its subscription software products, Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Pivotal Data Suite. The team’s momentum is being driven by new customer wins, increasing customer footprint and an expanding partner ecosystem, including deeper engineering collaboration with cloud infrastructure players. For example, in March 2017, Pivotal was named Google Cloud Technology Partner of the Year. The SecureWorks reported in their earnings release on Tuesday, standalone revenue was approximately $114 million, up 14%, as this business continues to focus on growing monthly recurring revenue. With the breadth of the Dell Technologies portfolio, we are uniquely positioned to win in today’s IT environment and meet our customer’s needs in their transformation journey. We believe our position is getting even stronger with our recent product announcements made at Dell EMC World and our new flexible consumption models offered to Dell Financial Services. In closing, we remain focused on executing our strategy and providing the right solutions for customers, as they move towards digital transformation. This was the first full quarter with a go-to-market changes and we made reasonable progress to-date. As a reminder, we discussed in previous calls that this transition could impact our results in the short-term. We will continue to refine our sales coverage models as we move forward. As outlined at the Investor Meeting in April, we’re focused on several key themes for fiscal 2018. We want to strengthen our position as the essential infrastructure provider for our customers. We’re a one-stop-shop that offers customers a single set of solutions to help them navigate through the rapid transformation occurring in IT today. We want to grow at a premium to the market across product and solution categories, including servers, storage and commercial client. As we’ve said for several quarters, we will grow our top line, but it needs to be profitable growth and it makes sense for the overall business. We want to accelerate and move faster in the emerging growth opportunity, such as all-flash, converged and hyperconverged and high-end notebooks and gaming. We will win in the hybrid and multi-cloud environment, which is the compute model of the future. We have great capabilities in reach and breath both from an infrastructure and from a management and orchestration perspective. We expect that customers will increasingly look for flexible solutions and as a service models, as they enable their digital transformation. And finally, we will continue to work on cost and revenue synergies in driving a successful integration as we move forward. We know, we still have work to do, but we’re optimistic about the opportunities ahead with the Dell Technologies family of solutions and capabilities. We expect improvement over the course of the year as we refine the alignment of our sales force and our go-to-market changes mature and as we improve storage velocity. Now, I’ll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s get to the Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question with one follow-up if you have one. Regina, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Thomas Eagan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Eagan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Let’s start with this. Tom, you talked a couple of times about investing back in the business. Could you expand on that a little bit? You talked about what sort of things you’re doing, but maybe if you could give us sort of a bigger than a breadbox idea of how much you’re putting back into the business? And where on the income statement, we’ll see that as mainly SG&A is it going to show up as some CapEx? That would be helpful.
Tom Sweet: Sure, Tom. Hey, I’m happy to do that. So, look, as we talked about at the Investor Meeting in April, and as we’ve talked about in the past, as we look at the areas of focus as we moved the company forward, there were a couple of incremental areas that we wanted to put some funding in. So if you think about the business units with ISG, we looked at it and have invested incremental dollars into the hybrid cloud and converged and hyperconverged capabilities and solutions. You’re going to see that in a couple of spots in the P&L, in the R&D spot, and the SG&A spot. We also have put money back into expand and accelerate Virtustream. And so that – those dollars are flowing in primarily in sales and primarily in some of the R&D capabilities that they’re accelerating. If you think about just business, the client business, we put – we’re putting money into the sales area in terms of the expansion of the consumer and small business, capability sales and marketing, I should say, as we move from five countries to 12 countries. We’re putting incremental dollars into its R&D budget and into this marketing budget around the high-end notebooks and around the gaming capabilities. So those are a few of the areas that we’re investing in. We haven’t quantified those investments publicly and by line item. But our expectation is, they’re in a sort of in a range between $150 million to $300 million over the course of the year, and we’ll throttle those and adjust those as we need to, given the dynamics of the business.
Thomas Eagan: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then my follow-up question is on ISG. You mentioned softness in traditional hybrid arrays. So I wondered if maybe you could talk a little bit about why you’re seeing that? And if some of that softness is due to new products coming in and pushing aside some of the traditional sales, or is it more customers maybe mixing hybrid with more public cloud business? If you could just give us a sense of what you saw and why you think that was a little bit soft this quarter?
David Goulden: Yes, Tom, this is David, I can answer that as well. So let’s kind of step back and talk about their overall storage business we said that we saw demand on a comparable basis down mid single digits in total, as well as we are very pleased with. We like how we did in high-end, we like how we did in all-flash with very high double-digit growth rates. We like how we did in hyperconversion and conversion – hyperconverged combined, software defined storage was also strong. So the area where we didn’t do quite so well was that traditional mid-tier section, the IDC mid-tier price band, and we see a couple of things there. We do have two prop families in that space, we’ve worked hard to position them. We just introduced new versions of them, which is giving our customers and our partners a boost. We have our refocusing, our go-to-market teams on that mid-tier. We’ve got a channel program of focus on those opportunities. So we think it’s much more focused and clarifying our product range than it is a market area. We probably think the market for traditional mid-tier raising total of hybrid and flash is actually growing. So when we look at our overall portfolio compared to market, which is my comment, the mid-tier band for the traditional kind of file block storage arrays, combination of a hybrid and flash is the area we’re doing a little worse in the market, and we believe it’s due to the factors that we spoke about. As I mentioned, we have plans in place to address that. We just announced new versions of our mid-tier Unity platform, new versions of our SC platform that gives people a comfort that both platforms are being invested in. And we mentioned, we’ve got our sales teams focused. We’ve adjusted compensation a little bit. We’ve rolled out some more aggressive channel programs, and we’re also going out more aggressively to our big installed base across both of those families. So, those are the factors that kind of led to the comment relative to the market and also what we’re doing about it.
Thomas Eagan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Harlib with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Jacob filling in for Jeff. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could provide some extra color on operating margins and the impact of higher component costs, particularly on the ISG side, margins were down roughly 7% sequentially. And we were just wondering if you could quantify sort of what portion was driven by higher component costs versus seasonality versus pricing? And then when it comes to servers, just wondering where you see your ability to raise prices going forward and sort of what the strategy is in that market? Thanks.
David Goulden: Hi, Jacob, thank you. Again, it’s David, let me take that. So let me kind of walk you through a little bit of a bridge from the 12 points of operating margin in Q4 to approximately the 5 points in Q1. The biggest factor about 5 points in total of that difference came from a combination of the volume trend, the seasonally volume obviously down from Q4 to Q1, particularly in the storage business, and the related mix that had on the overall income statement as storage became a small part of the business. But also very unusually for Q1, we actually built backlog in Q1. Think about a normal Q1, we would actually drain a lot of backlog, but given the changes from the fiscal to the calendar, we actually built backlog in Q1, that was a headwind compared to Q4. So the combination of that volume trend, or the mix related to it the backlog build were about 5 points of margin. And the rest came from a number of factors, the increased commodity cost that we talked about, some pricing impact in the market, and the impact of some of the one-time items I mentioned that related to the decisions we made to rationalize some products in Q1 So those are the dynamics that relate to the basically approximately 7 points of operating margin from Q4 to Q1. Relative to servers, we are moving and have been moving to increase the pricing. We’ve made a number of pricing actions in line with the component costs. So as Tom mentioned, there’s only a certain percentage of that that flows through in any period of time. A lot of customers have pricing structures in place that you can’t adjust until they take their next order, plus there’s a kind of competitive dynamic around who’s moving pricing and when. We do expect to continue to move pricing up in service. We’ve made a couple of actions this quarter. We think, we’ll probably have a bit more yield from that in Q2 than we had in Q1, because we’ve had a little bit longer to get in front of it, but that’s the dynamic that’s going on in the server pricing market.
Tom Sweet: Hey, David, maybe if I could add in terms of the component cost environment. I did mention that we have seen increases particularly in memory and SSDs, and to get – if you just look at spot year-over-year in terms of some of the memory, I mean, it’s up roughly a 100% year-over-year, and you’ve got SSDs up roughly in the 20 to the low 20s type of year-over-year. So there is a headwind out there in component cost. As David mentioned, we are – we have moved down pricing in a number of areas. But that is a – you typically can’t catch it fast enough. And that’s just an area we have to continue to focus on as we expect that those cost – that cost environment is going to continue to be a bit of a headwind as we go through the rest of the year at this point.
Rob Williams: Yes, and this is Rob. I think it’s important to remember that when you’re in an environments where you’ve got component costs changing either in a deflationary environment or in an inflationary environment, there’s a lag effect. So we caught the benefit of the deflationary environment last year, and we’re pushing against that headwind in the first part and through this year. And so, as you think about this over a longer time period, we’re pretty happy with the profitability of the business. But you’re going to have some peaks and some lower points as you work through a rapidly changing component cost environment. So, we’ll lean into this and we feel pretty good about it over the longer-term.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. That’s very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Jarman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Frank Jarman: Great. Thanks, guys. Just to follow-up on that last answer, so as I understand it, the 5 points of margin was basically impacted by, it sounds like some one-time items, whether it was seasonal or some of the backlog issues you were talking about. And then 2 points of margin was impacted by this increase in costs – input costs. As you think about the rest of the year and these higher input costs, can you just help us better understand your ability to pass through some of these to the customer base? And is there a time at which you expect to sort of crossover with regards to being able to fully pass through all of these input costs?
David Goulden: Frank, this is David, again. Let me just go back and clarify what contributed to the 5 points and what contributed to the rest of it. So there are three factors that contributed to the 5 points. One was the sequential volume change in Q4 to Q1, that would – that’s a normal factor. That in turn impacted mix that drive margin rate. The unusual thing that was in the 5 points was the fact that we actually built backlog during a Q1, which we typically haven’t done prior to this. So those are things that impacted the 5 points. There are three factors again impacted the rest. One of which was the increased component costs. The other, which is general pricing pressure in the marketplace and the one-time items related to the product rationalization we did are in the rest. So just to clarify three things that made the 5 points, three things that make the rest. Now, back to your comments, I’m really going to pick up, where Rob left off. So in an environment, where component costs are increasing and continue to increase, there is clearly a balance here in terms of, we’re trying to push as much of that in through the channel and rate prices and make those prices stick. Customers, of course, don’t like paying more for what they paid for last quarter typically in IT that’s not being the case. Typically, in the IT industry, there are expected price decreases on a sequential basis, not price increases. So it’s a fairly complex dynamic here, where first of all for existing contracts, we’ve been going back and talking to customers about raising prices on their existing orders. That’s sometimes a challenging conversation, but in some cases, it’s a positive outcome, some cases it’s not. Then for the new orders, we are trying to get the right balance between increasing our prices just at the same time as our component cost increase vis-à-vis trying to get away in front of that, because we want make sure we maintain the momentum we have in the market. Bear in mind that in the server business, where this is the most acute area, we had a great quarter. We gained significant basis points of market share and we gained even more significant points of relative market share compared to our closest competitor. So it’s a definitely a balance here. We at the point at which those component costs stabilize, then all things kind of go back to normal and you go back to this environment, where hopefully they will start coming down again. But in this period where they’re going up, there’s a yield expectation as we talked about. A certain amount of the pricing increase will actually stick and yield the incremental return, others will not, because the customer either won’t go there, or somebody else in the market hasn’t increased their price and you wind up in a competitive environment. So those are the things that go into it. It’s not a precise science. But I just want to give you a bit more flavor as to the dynamics underneath it.
Frank Jarman: Yep, that’s super helpful. Just as a follow-up on the balance sheet debt reduction now since EMC is about $7.1 billion, as you mentioned earlier. It only increased by about $100 million in the quarter though. So I wanted to understand – obviously, you continue to prioritize deleveraging. But can you help us think a little bit more about the seasonal cadence with regards to how you are thinking about paying down debt? And any kind of longer-term targets you might be willing to share at this point? Thank you.
Tyler Johnson: Yes, look, Frank, this is Tyler. So, I guess, starting with your last point first. I mean, nothing has changed in our desire to get back to investment grade metrics. And so, we are going to be very focused on working towards that. The timing, I mean, look, it’s going to be a little bit lumpy right. And some of this is going to be driven by the timing or interest payments, which happen in predominantly in Q2 and Q4, some of it is going to be the – our positioning for upcoming maturities. For example, in the first-half of next year, we’ve got some of the legacy investment grade stuff that’s coming off. So it’s not going to be a straight linear path. But I think if you, if I look forward at the end of the year, we are going to take more debt out. Now our kind of bifurcate or separate out DFS, because that that debt related to DFS, that’s good debt right. We want that business to grow. And we saw the good growth this quarter is that the originations grew. And so you mentioned a little bit of our debt going up. I mean, that was the result of the adding the additional structured financing debt. So without getting into which quarter are we going to pay down meaningful amount, just stay tuned right, because you’ll see this come off at a pretty regular pace over time.
Tom Sweet: And, Frank, look, it’s Tom, also remember that Q1 is seasonally our lowest cash generation quarter, given it tends to be our weakest quarter from an overall business philosophy perspective, as well as we typically see higher bonus-related payments and things like that in Q1. So we – our expectation was that, we weren’t going to do much from a debt reduction perspective in Q1. And I think we’re right, where we thought we would be at this point.
Tyler Johnson: Absolutely. Look, if you look at our balance sheet right, I mean, kind of focused just on the Dell Technologies side ex-VMware. We ended the quarter with more than $6 billion. So we obviously have some room there. And like I said, some of this is going to be around positioning for whether the next quarter is larger interest payments. And we do have some areas, where we’ve got some trapped cash that we have to be focused on. This does include the cash that we used to fund our FABs right, so ex-VMware like Pivotal and Boomi.. And so that’s just the expectation that I will set and what you can see going forward.
Frank Jarman: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Phipps with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Phipps: Hi, thanks for taking my question. And David, I guess, you get the bonus prize for questions today, because credit investors in Dell aren’t as familiar with the storage business, and I guess a lot of the questions are going to be around that. And so, we look at typical seasonality for the storage market, it’s like you were reasonably pleased with how the quarter went from the transition from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. And can you talk about how that seasonality plays out and through, because it sounds like operating leverage was the biggest factor in some of the margins and the margin decline in the first quarter of this year. And then maybe you could talk about the – how the sales force is adapting to what is now a Dell quarter end as opposed to a calendar quarter end and how – what kind of disruptions that made?
David Goulden: All right, David, thank you, and I appreciate the bonus question from your end. So storage, yes, much more seasonally variable than the server business, for example. So a fairly large ramp at the end of the year and then obviously a sequential decline in Q1. Typically, the storage business then builds up from there with Q2 being a fairly large uptick sequentially from Q1 to Q2, Q2 and Q3 being approximately the same absolute revenues, then Q4 being another uptick. So absolutely, David, to your point, as we go through the year, we do expect to see operating margins in ISG increase and they will be driven by a number of different factors. So we’re going to see that seasonal volume improvements, that in turn will create a mix shift back towards storage that will help. We expect that the backlog build that impacts in Q1 will kind of normalize out and hopefully backlog will not build in Q2 or Q3. It might build a little bit and typically does build in Q4, but it doesn’t matter because the volume levels are so high. We will across the business see the impact of pricing action kick in, which we talked about. I’m going to come back to the go-to-market question, because that will help drive and some of the one-time factors that we saw in Q1, we don’t expect to be there. So those are all things that will bode positive going through the year. Also related to go-to-market, I will come back to the specifics. We do expect to see total storage velocity improve as we move throughout the year as we expected it to from product announcements and also just from the vetting in of the go-to-market teams. Now to your question on the go-to-market side, obviously as Tom has talked about on prior calls, what we did at the start of the year in January was a fairly significant change. We went from two forces that were legacy Dell, legacy EMC, focused upon the way that they were structured and within those structures there were differences to two combined and integrated units. So one focused upon enterprise customers, the largest few thousand customers in about 20 different segmented countries and one focused on everything else. So there are a lot of moving parts in the sales force and not surprisingly that did cause a little bit of disruption. We had to get quotas out, territory assignment, planning, training people in all the new products. So we expected some impact in Q1. And actually when you look at it, I said that from an ISG point of view, demand grew at mid single digits in total. I’m actually quite pleased about that given all the things we changed in the sales structure. And the last comment you made was relative to moving towards the quarter end. We did see demand shift a little bit out of what would have been a calendar quarter to or fiscal quarter. So we saw the quarter end effect with more business in April than we saw in March, which would have been the traditional quarter end. The good news was that that was a bit more smooth in terms of less of a hockey stick if I can call it at the quarter end than it would have been when we were still tied to the fiscal quarters. So all in all, with everything else moving on, I’m quite pleased about that. The one comment I will come back to is, of course, that demand shift means we didn’t have a traditional month three in the calendar quarter. And when you see the IDC data this week market share things, we expect that to reflect the fact that essentially the quarter end moved into the next quarter and therefore year-on-year compares are going to be a little funky.
David Phipps: All right. That’s helps very much. Thank you. And can we talk just kind of on the overall component costs? You’ve mentioned it’s not due to typical that you go back to your clients and say, hey, memory prices are up for whatever 100% year-over-year and we’d like to charge you more sequentially. So two things. One, has the rate of increase on memory prices, has that slowed recently? And where do you peak out on the year-over-year ramp? It looks like it’s sometime in this quarter. And have you talked to some of your customers and maybe one of the things that’s happened when memory prices have changed, you’ve said, well, we will use a little bit less memory, or a little bit slower memory. So how has the management of all that process gone?
Tom Sweet: Hey, David, it’s Tom. Let me take that. So, I would tell you that from a taste of – you don’t have perfect clarity here. But our expectation is that, Q2 is the most significant move in terms of component cost increases. Although right now, we’re also looking into Q3 and seeing where we originally had thought it might stabilize and perhaps even potentially drop. It now looks like it’s going to continue to rise on us, but perhaps not as fast as it has been over the last quarter or two. So I think that we still have to – and all this obviously is a function of the demand supply balance out there in the market right. And so to the extent that, demand softens in some of the other areas, where memory is used and that perhaps will help us from a PC and server memory to the extent it stays strong. Then I think the dynamics are going to continue to be tight from that overall balance. So, it’s one of those things that we periodically go through from a cycle perspective. It’s been five or six years, I think, since we last went through one of these cycles, where we got into an inflationary environment, but that’s where we are right now. And again, that’s just part of being in this industry and we’re going to have to work our way through it. And so, look, I’m optimistic that we’ll manage our way through this. But there’s a lot of moving pieces here. In terms of your question on, hey, as you think about how do you manage your way through it, do you go back and talk to customers about perhaps de-scaling their memory inputs. And that’s – as well that would be a logical conversation that generally is not what we’re seeing. In fact, what we are seeing right now is increased memory on the units that are going out, given all of the demands of the application environment and workloads today. And so, it’s a bit of a double whammy if you think about it. We’ve got incremental component cost increases as well as you’ve got more memory on a per unit basis. And the combination of that is put some pressure on the pricing dynamic that you’ve got to work your way through. But that’s what we pay the organization to go out and manage their way through, and that’s what we’re all trying to adjust. So through all of the actions that David mentioned, whether it’s list price moves, conversation with customers about raising contract prices, all of those levers are being pulled in a balanced way, such that we don’t stall the business and that’s what we’re trying to navigate through.
David Phipps: Okay. Thank you. That’s all my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Seshadri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Arun Seshadri: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. First, probably a question for Tyler. I just wanted to understand working capital for the balance of the year. Are we still pretty consistent with our, I guess, original expectations of some modest cash recovery from working capital for the balance of the year?
Tyler Johnson: Yes, that’s exactly right. I mean, I think, look, I think last quarter if you looked specifically at DPO, it probably kind of unwound a little bit. And so you’re seeing some of that benefit come back this quarter. And then, look, in addition to that you’re starting to see really some of those working capital initiatives, you are seeing some of that flow through DPO as well. So, there’s always going to be some seasonality and fluctuations in how our working capital adjusts quarter-over-quarter. But to your point, I think, as you work through the end of the year, you will see some benefits coming in.
Arun Seshadri: Got it. Thank you. And then just a broader question probably for Tom. Just wanted to understand, on the cost side, how are you – are you thinking about any sort of additional cost savings plans or sort of any acceleration on that front since it sounds like you’re expecting the margin from the component side to be a little bit sort of – continue to be sort of the elevated in terms of pressure for the back-half of the year? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Hey, Arun. Yes, look, I mean, we’re on track on our synergy – on track on our synergy, given the actions that we’ve been driving. But the reality of our business is we’re always looking at costs. So it’s not like we set a target and we all go away and do something else, and I know you didn’t mean it like that. But we’re constantly looking at, are there other efficiencies we can drive, and what can we do to improve the cost structure. And so we’re continuing to look at that. We’re already into sort of the next generating planning around cost and what’s the activities we need to get at. So we’re monitoring sort of the status of the business as we move through the year, and we’re ultimately looking at how do we deliver operating income. And so, the levers you are pulling are around what kind of margin delivery do you have versus the cost environment. To the extent that things are moving around on us we will adjust as we need to as we go forward. So I’m optimistic on our cost programs, and we’ll continue to take a look at them and balance as we go forward.
Arun Seshadri: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Fuss with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Daniel Fuss: Great. Thanks for the question. You mentioned changing consumption models earlier, I believe, it was in the context of the hyperconverged products, if I heard correctly. But could you just clarify which products you expect to see kind of the most change in terms of consumption models? And perhaps, if there is anyway to quantify it, how much of the revenue base you could see this in?
David Goulden: Yes, Dan, let me start. It’s David. I will talk to you about kind of what we announced and where the product impact is. So we announced a couple of new programs. One is called Cloud Flex, which is a – basically a fixed and reducing monthly payment that applies to a hyperconverged system. So your right. Our XC series and VxRail very simple, customer signs up. We ship them the box, they have a 12-month minimum and if they don’t like it after 12-month they stop paying and return the box to us. That obviously puts that products on a ratable revenue recognition. There is another offering we introduced called Flex On Demand, which applies to things that we can meter or monitor. So it could be storage arrays, it could be our data protection appliance, et cetera. And in that environment, the customer basically is charged based upon usage. And then we do have the ability for certain situations to go to a full broader datacenter utility. If a customer wants to take their entire environment and put it into a variable mode. So those are the three things that we announced. And obviously, Cloud Flex applies to hyperconverged. The Flex On Demand is more storage and backup, and the datacenter utility could be a broader engagement across the full portfolio with a customer. And finally, our software license agreements, we also and we introduced some changes to those. We call them our transformational license agreements, or TLAs. They’re making it more flexible for the customer in terms of the customer’s ability to substitute titles and pay for maintenance. And they start using things rather than all up front. And that was applied to the software portfolio inside of Dell EMC. So those are kind of the four things that we rolled out at Dell EMC World. In terms of impact and timing, I’ll turn it over to Tom or Tyler.
Tom Sweet: Hey, let me also just also reference the fact that, as we announced that Dell EMC World, we also announced the PC as a Service model, right? And so, I think overall what we’re – which is the opportunity for customers for one monthly price per seat to get the hardware, the services, the support model, all wrapped into one price. And so we are seeing significant interest in customers thinking through how do they convert CapEx to OpEx, how do they provide more flexibility in their cost structure. And so all of the programs that David just talked about and the ones that and the PC as a Service are generating pretty good interest from a customer perspective. And so we’re happy with the receptivity, it’s early, the impact to-date is relatively small. And generally, they don’t have a significant cash impact. So – but we’re optimistic that there’s a framework here that is attractive to our customers in the sense of how do they manage their own economics even as they make their digital transformation.
Rob Williams: Great. All right.
Daniel Fuss: Great.
Rob Williams: Sorry about that. I didn’t mean to cut you off. All good. We’re going to take one more question, Regina.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steven Milunovich with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Milunovich: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could comment on your ability to raise prices on PCs relative to servers? HPE has talked about trying to raise server prices, but having difficulty in the US and Europe due to price competition. And then I also wonder if you could comment your – you mentioned that your cloud volume business was weak. Is that specifically Hyperscaler, and is that temporary, or is that something that’s going to be more ongoing?
Steve Price: Let me take the PC comment and then maybe, David, you’ll take the cloud question. Look, I mean, the PC pricing dynamic first and foremost as all of you know right, it is a pretty competitive pricing environment out there. But having said that, we are – we have been able to move prices up right? Now, again, you get a yield effect right, because the quarter you do it, you don’t get the entire impact and you’ve got in our business, given the direct model that we have in many instances you have a pool of quotes out there that you have to work through. But we have been, I would say, reasonably successful and adjusting prices and that adjustment comes in a number of ways. One is, it could be less price, it could be the pricing authority that we give our sales organization and perhaps lowering that those discount thresholds a little bit to or adjusting those discount thresholds to narrow their pricing flexibility and/or. And in many instances it’s also about ensuring that we’re configuring the right product for the customer needs. And so, as much like the motion we have in servers, it’s a variety of actions that we’re driving here to manage our way through the cost environment. And so, look, we’re – again, I think this is just is a fact of life in the business that we’re in that every software are going to hit these cycles. And I think it’s going to be up to us to ensure that we execute our way through this in a way that manages the P&L as best as we can given the environment. And remember that we’re doing all the pricing adjustments while not wanting to stall out demand, because we are pleased with the velocity of the business and the PC business had a – the client business had a really nice quarter. And so we – the last thing we want to do is shut that spigot off. But we do want to try and feather this a little bit and since we’re trying to creep margin dollars up as we drive through the year. So that’s the activity we have going on, work to do. But and part of that will also depend upon how the component cost environment turns, behaves as we go through the year and since our overall success and being able to do that. David, do you want to address that cloud comment?
David Goulden: Yes, Steve, I do I think, you’re talking about the dynamics within the server business, where as I said, our mainstream PowerEdge business we saw units of revenue of double digits. We got – we gained significant share points in terms of 200 basis points unit share, 250 basis points of revenue share in mainstream. And as we said on the call, the high volume in terms of volume of servers going out, but still a small percentage of our overall server business, that business selling to the cloud hyperscale providers was down during the quarter. Bear in mind that tends to be lumpy and it’s also lower octane fuel, lower octane business than the mainstream PowerEdge. So those are the dynamics we talked about inside of servers if that helps.
Tom Sweet: Hey, David, let me just add one other thing on the PC space, which is – I failed to mention it. As we think about how do we manage margin, if you will, as we go through this, one of the things you’ve got to remember is that, we have an advantage with our direct sales force is our attach motion, right? So one of the things you also try to do in an environment like this is make sure that you are attaching extended service opportunities, SMP opportunities. And we saw a nice growth in both of our – in our attach rates both in the server space and in the client space in terms of ProSupport Plus, and we also saw good attach and good velocity in our displays business. So those are – again, as you think about how do you portfolio your way through some of these challenges you pull all the levers that are available to you.
Rob Williams: Great. All right. Thanks, Tom, that wraps Q&A. As a reminder, we’ll be at the Barclays High Yield Conference today and tomorrow. We’re also at Goldman Sachs Leverage Finance Conference in a couple of weeks on the West Coast. So thanks for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-03-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - IR Tom Sweet - CFO Tyler Johnson - Treasurer David Goulden - President of Infrastructure Solutions Group
Analysts: Thomas Eagan - J.P. Morgan Jeff Harlib - Barclays Capital Scott Wipperman - Goldman Sachs Shannon Cross - Cross Research Steven Milunovich - UBS Robert Schiffman - Credit Suisse David Phipps - Citigroup Daniel Burke - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I'd like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the Company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this Webcast will be available at the same location. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Regina. Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is our Chief Financial Officer, Tom Sweet; our President of Infrastructure Solutions Group, David Goulden; and joining us from Europe is our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. On this call, we will focus primarily on Q4 results. We will provide more details on our strategy, integration efforts and capital structure at our Investor Meeting on April 5. For more details, please see the Events section of our Web-site at investors.delltechnologies.com. We posted our fourth quarter press release and Web-deck on our Web-site and Q4 results will be filed on Form 10-K tomorrow. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspective. In addition, fiscal 2017 had an extra week, which was incorporated into the Company's Q4 results Now I would like to highlight key changes to our financial statements due to the EMC merger and the announced divestitures. As mentioned last quarter, we are reporting EMC and VMware on the Dell Technologies fiscal year. VMware Inc. has now transitioned and will report their standalone financial results on the basis of Dell Technologies fiscal year, which started on February 4, 2017 and will end on February 2, 2018. Operationally, this transition will help align our combined financial goals and go-to-market approach. Due to the recent divestitures of Dell Services, Dell Software Group and the Dell EMC Enterprise Content Division, these businesses were reported as discontinued operations in Q4 results. In prior quarters, all assets and liabilities of these businesses were reclassified into the held-for-sale asset and liability categories on the balance sheet. On the income statement, the financial results of these businesses were reclassified out of the activity from continuing operations and listed separately in the category for discontinued operations. For more information, please refer to our SEC filings. Our Q4 non-GAAP operating income excludes approximately $3.5 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are non-cash and relate to purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. Please note that due to the EMC merger and to a lesser extent the Dell go-private transaction, there will continue to be significant bridging items between our GAAP and our non-GAAP results for the next few years, although the impact will decline in each subsequent quarter. Please refer to Slide 3 in the Web-deck for additional detail on the non-cash adjustments and the supplemental slides beginning on Slide 17, as well as our SEC filings for more details on our non-GAAP adjustments. As a reminder, please note that our prior year historical financials do not include EMC historical results, and unless otherwise specified, all growth percentages refer to fiscal year-over-year change, which is compared to Dell prior year results. During this call, we will generally reference non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, on a continuing operations basis. A reconciliation of these measures to its most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found on Form 10-K and in the supplemental material of our Web-deck. Finally, I'd like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in the cautionary statements section of our Web-deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks Rob. Fiscal 2017 was a busy year and I'm pleased with our progress. Over the course of the year, we successfully completed the merger of EMC, becoming the world's largest privately-controlled technology company with market-leading solutions. We divested certain businesses, including Dell Services, Dell Software Group and Dell EMC Enterprise Content Division. We successfully completed the IPO of SecureWorks. We maintained our capital allocation focus by delevering approximately $7 billion in debt since the transaction closed. We cumulatively repurchased $824 million of Class V shares, which Tyler will cover in more detail. And we continued to invest in key strategic areas, supporting our customers' Digital Transformation agenda, including hyperconverged, hybrid cloud, software-defined solutions and end-user computing. Our GAAP revenue for the full year was approximately $62 billion, with a GAAP operating loss of $3.3 billion. As Rob mentioned, our GAAP results were significantly impacted by non-cash purchase accounting and transaction cost. Non-GAAP revenue was approximately $63 billion, with operating income of $5.1 billion. CSG revenue was approximately $37 billion, up 2% for the full year. Our PC business outgrew the industry by 1,000 basis points and gained share year-over-year for the 16th consecutive quarter. Operating income was $1.8 billion, or 5% of revenue. In our ISG business, we exited the year with leading share positions in server units and storage revenue. Additionally, we are also number one in revenue share in converged infrastructure, all-flash arrays and purpose-built backup appliances. Switching to Q4, GAAP revenue was $20.1 billion, with a GAAP operating loss of $1.7 billion. Non-GAAP revenue was $20.6 billion. We saw pockets of growth and areas of improvement as we start to benefit from our synergies as a combined company. While consolidated year-over-year compares for ISG are not meaningful, CSG revenue grew 11% and we outgrew the industry in both consumer and commercial PC units. Our ISG business saw revenue growth in PowerEdge servers and strength in our emerging solutions, including all-flash arrays, hyperconverged systems and software-defined storage, but we did see softness in traditional external storage arrays. Gross margin at the consolidated level was $6.6 billion, or 32% of revenue. OpEx was $4.8 billion or approximately 23% of revenue, as we continued to execute on our cost initiatives and invest to drive growth in a rapidly changing market. Operating income was $1.8 billion, or 9% of revenue. Now let me turn it over to Tyler to cover our EBITDA, cash flow and capital structure.
Tyler Johnson: Thanks Tom. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $2.2 billion, or 11% of revenue. Please see Slide 17 in the Web-deck for more details on our EBITDA adjustments. In Q4, we generated cash flow from operations of $676 million. As a reminder, this includes approximately $1 billion in interest expense as the majority of interest payments occurs in Q2 and Q4 of each fiscal year. In addition, we paid approximately $500 million related to a tax settlement, and to a lesser degree there were impacts from integration and divestiture costs. Our cash and investments balance increased by $287 million versus the previous quarter, ending the year at $15.3 billion. Having just completed our first full quarter as a combined company, we are happy with the progress we have made in regards to our balance sheet and capital structure management. Since closing the EMC transaction, we have paid down $7 billion in debt. This includes $3.1 billion of Term Loan A and $2.2 billion of the Asset Sale Bridge loan retired in Q4, both funded by net proceeds from the divestitures. In addition, to date we have made payments of $1.6 billion on our revolver and paid $100 million in term loan amortization. These debt repayments result in a $200 million reduction in annualized interest expense on a run rate basis. At the end of Q4, we announced our intent to re-price our existing Term Loan B facility and raise an incremental $500 million, which will be used to partially pay down our $2.5 billion Margin Loan Bridge. We successfully closed this transaction on March 8, resulting in an expected incremental $40 million reduction in annualized interest expense on a run rate basis and apply the $500 million as planned. We ended the quarter with $50.4 billion in total principal debt. Of this amount, $43.7 billion is core debt. The remainder included approximately $5 billion of debt that funds our global Financial Services business and $1.5 billion of a bridge facility backed by legacy intercompany note due to Dell Technologies. Moving to our share repurchase program, last quarter we announced that our Board had authorized a new Class V common stock repurchase program for up to $500 million over a six-month period for the Class V Group. To fund the new program, Dell Technologies entered into a share purchase agreement to sell $500 million of VMware Class A common stock to VMware. Related to this announcement, we simultaneously suspended the previous $1 billion Class V common stock repurchase program which was for the DHI Group. As of today, we have repurchased approximately 8.4 million shares of Class V common stock for $500 million under the Class V Group repurchase program. Combined with what was repurchased under the original $1 billion DHI Group program, we've repurchased a total of $824 million or approximately 15.1 million shares. In addition, today we announced that our Board has approved an amendment to our existing Class V Group repurchase program for up to $300 million over six months and solely funded through a new VMware Class A stock purchase agreement with VMware. I want to reiterate that our overall capital allocation strategy has not changed and we remain focused on our plan to delever the balance sheet to profitable growth and strong cash flow generation. Let me turn it over to David.
David Goulden: Thanks Tyler. The Information Solutions Group or ISG had a solid quarter with share gains in key product areas, including all-flash arrays, converged integrated infrastructure, hyperconverged infrastructure and service. More on these in a moment. While we executed well in the growth areas of our portfolio, there continues to be pressure in traditional solutions as customers down-spend between IT and digital transformation initiatives. In total, Q4 revenue for the ISG business was approximately $8.4 billion, with operating income of $1 billion or 12% of revenue. Looking at our results by segments, our server and networking revenue of $3.6 billion increased 12%. In servers, we outgrew the market to regain the number one unit share position on a global basis according to IDC. The strength was driven by our mainstream PowerEdge business where we gained approximately 600 basis points of year-on-year revenue share against our closest competitor. Our high-volume cloud server business declined, which tends to fluctuate quarter to quarter based upon customer order patterns. While we are very pleased with the velocity of the server business this quarter, we continue to work to improve our cost structure and ensure we have the right solutions at the right price points to meet our customers' needs. We continue to invest in this business and look forward to announcing our next generation of service later this year. Our networking business grew approximately 2x the market and had its highest level of revenue in eight quarters, driven by our open networking strategy and by winning new service provider and web tech customers. Storage revenue of $4.8 billion was up substantially due to impact of the Dell EMC transaction. As a reminder, the change in the legacy EMC fiscal year from December to January along with our focus on working capital efficiency has caused a change in backlog, especially at the end of the calendar quarter. And this change will also result in a change in sales linearity, particularly in the first calendar quarter of 2017. So for today's call, we are going to talk about the performance of our storage business for calendar Q4 on a demand basis. We had a record-setting Q4 demand in our all-flash array business and exited the year with a growth rate of almost 100% to more than $4 billion demand run rate, gaining significant share. We believe we are nearly the size of the three next competitors combined as we continue to capture the market shift to all-flash. In converged infrastructure, our Vblock integrated infrastructure business also had its largest quarter ever with demand growing high-single-digits on a calendar basis. We remain the industry leader with well over 50% market share, as customers continue to look to us to make infrastructure easier while using best-of-breed products. Hyperconverged solutions have been a major growth initiative this year, and with the strength of our Dell EMC XC, VxRack and VxRail portfolio, we believe we are now the market leader on a calendar Q4 demand basis with strong triple digit growth. Within our appliance offerings, the demand for our Dell EMC XC solution grew triple digits as customer engagement remained strong. Our VxRail offering is seeing significant growth and ended the year on a nearly $400 million demand run rate basis, only 10 months after the product was introduced. The rapid growth is driven by customer demand for a fully integrated solution optimized for VMware environments. We expect the momentum to continue in Q1 with the introduction of our Enterprise Hybrid Cloud on VxRail and global availability of PowerEdge inside VxRail. Also within our hyperconverged portfolio, our VxRack solutions continue to gain traction in larger environments as we create a new category for data center scale hyperconverged infrastructure. As we move to fiscal 2018, we are extremely excited about our position in the market and confident in our ability to execute against the unparalleled solution portfolio, flexible consumption models and newly aligned go-to-market initiatives. We remain focused on serving the needs of our customers as they work towards IT and digital transformation initiatives to drive business value. I look forward to sharing more with you about our views of the market and our strategy at our upcoming Investor Meeting on April 5. Additionally, I am very excited about the many exciting product announcements we will make at Dell EMC World in May. So let me now turn it back over to Tom who will walk you through the Client Solutions Group.
Tom Sweet: Thanks David. The Client Solutions business had a strong fourth quarter as we further enhanced our portfolio of solutions and continued to focus on profitable growth. In addition, the overall market was better than expected for calendar Q4. According to IDC, worldwide PC unit shipments for calendar Q4 declined by 1.7%, exceeding their forecast of a negative 4.2%. We continue to drive market consolidation. According to IDC, we outgrew the market by 9.9 percentage points in calendar fourth quarter and have now gained share year-over-year for 16 consecutive quarters. Dell outperformed the worldwide market in both notebooks and desktops and in both commercial and consumer. We shipped 11 million PCs, which was the largest volume of products shipped since calendar Q4 of 2011. Turning to our fiscal results for CSG, revenue was $9.8 billion, up 11%. This growth was broad-based across both commercial and consumer. Commercial returned to growth up 12% as we saw a growth across all of our major commercial product lines. As is typical in Q4, we saw continued strength in consumer, which grew 9%. Operating income was $342 million, down 29% to 3.5% of revenue. The decline was primarily driven by pricing decisions in the quarter as well as some positive one-time items in the prior year period. As we mentioned on last quarter's call, the third quarter op inc margins were higher than what we've typically seen for CSG due to a benefit from a vendor settlement and favorable cost environments. So moving into Q4, we expected some movement back toward the normal range, especially as we have started to see an increase in component cost. We are focused on balancing growth and profitability as we move forward. Performance across both high-end consumer and commercial notebooks continues to be strong with XPS, Mobile Workstations and Latitude, each seeing positive growth. Our Alienware products also had very strong growth as consumers look to us as the leading brand in gaming for high-performance systems with fast processor power, high-resolution screens and the latest graphics technology. Desktops returned to growth this quarter, driven by OptiPlex and Precision Workstations, and we are starting to see the benefits of our investment and our focus on innovative form factors. Dell's focus on innovation was again evident at CES 2017. The Company secured 62 awards. At CES we announced several consumer and commercial innovations, including the world's smallest 13-inch 2-in-1 in our new XPS 13. This product boasts in its Infinity Edge screen, longer battery life, best-in-class security and has already won more than 30 awards since its launch in January. The Dell Canvas, which is the world's first horizontal smart workspace of its kind, aimed at enabling more effective drawing and creation capabilities. And the world's first 32-inch 8K high-definition display. We were pleased with the performance of CSG in fiscal 2017. Going forward, we remain focused on expanding our customer base as we continue to take profitable share. Now let me shift to the VMware segment and our other businesses. VMware had a strong quarter. Revenue from VMware in the Dell Technologies fiscal quarter was $1.9 billion, with operating income of $565 million or 29.2% of revenue. VMware helps customers grow and enable their private clouds with software-defined data center and end-user computing software and then expand with hybrid cloud and multi-cloud solutions. We are seeing their value resonate with customers, which is evident in their Q4 annualized NSX bookings run rate of $1 billion and over 2,400 NSX customers; their Q4 annualized vSAN bookings run rate of $300 million and over 7,000 vSAN customers; and their strong quarter for mobility products with increasing adoption of their complete workspace solution, Workspace ONE. In addition, revenue from our other businesses which include SecureWorks, RSA, Pivotal, and Boomi, was $480 million. SecureWorks standalone revenue was approximately $119 million, up 26.4%, as this business continues to experience strong demand for its subscription-based security solutions. They also continue to make progress in their path to profitability, driven by record gross margin and better operating leverage. Pivotal continued its momentum in the fourth quarter as it achieved strong top line growth, driven primarily by its subscription software. Pivotal Cloud Foundry saw impressive growth at scale and crossed a major milestone in calendar 2016 with bookings over $270 million, up 130%. Pivotal Cloud Foundry enables developers to deploy cloud-native apps on any public or private environment, including Azure, Google and AWS. Pivotal works with over one-third of the Fortune 100 and a rapidly growing portion of the Fortune 2000 as it benefits from our combined go-to-market approach. Dell Technologies delivers a strong portfolio of solutions and a force multiplier effect that provides us with the scale and the ability to serve our customers' needs across existing IT where we are the leader in servers, storage, virtualization, and PCs, and in the IT of tomorrow including hybrid cloud, cloud-native applications, software-defined data center, mobility, and security. So in closing, we remain focused on executing our strategy and we are on track with a broad set of integration activities. At the beginning of fiscal 2018, we introduced our new sales force segmentation model and channel program. While we are in the very early stages of the Dell EMC Partner Program, we have received overall positive feedback from our partners. As I mentioned last quarter, there may be some short-term disruption as our sales force and partners ramp in the new go-to-market activities. We will continue to drive against the cost and revenue synergies we have identified and we will continue to invest and provide great solutions and services to our customers. We are pleased with our results this year but we realize that there is more to be done as we continue to work our way through the integration and stay focused on our customers in the coming quarters. Now, I'll turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks Tom. Let's get to Q&A. We ask that each participant ask one question, with one follow-up if you have one. Regina, can you please introduce the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from the line of Thomas Eagan with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Eagan: My question is around margins. Tom, you talked about margins being lower this quarter and you had guided us to the fact that they would be lower, and also I was expecting because of DRAM prices being higher for them to be lower, but then you also mentioned things like pricing decisions. So I wondered if you could provide a little extra color around what that means and maybe how much impact some of these things had, like higher DRAM prices, on margins. And then David, same thing for ISG, you talked a little bit about you need to work to improve cost structure and things like that, but margins there were also down. So I wondered if you could provide a little bit more color around what was impacting margins there as well. Maybe you could break down some pieces for us. Thanks.
Tom Sweet: It's Tom. So look, from an overall perspective, particularly in the CSG space we had cautioned you guys last quarter that we didn't think that margins would, or our operating income percentages I should say, would hold given some of the dynamics we saw in Q3 coming into Q4. So look, I mean we clearly have a bit of a headwind on component cost with memory and some of the glass. I think that's going to continue to be a headwind as we go through the first half of the year at least. And then also, look I mentioned pricing decisions in my prepared comments. I do think that as we thought about how to balance growth and profitability, we were probably slightly more aggressive in the quarter in the sense of some of the acquisition deals that we were doing, some of our share positioning that we were doing. You also have to remember that the mix of the quarter is a little bit different, right. So you've got a higher consumer mix in the quarter given the seasonality of the holidays. And so, look, as always as we talk about the business, we're all about trying to drive ultimately growth in gross margin dollar growth. And so we did see a little bit of pressure on margin percent. I'm happy with the velocity of the business. And what we're always doing is trying to fine-tune what's the right pricing levels to be at given the state of the business, the state of the market and the cost structures that we're dealing with. So, that's sort of the dynamic we saw as we went through the quarter from a Client side, and I'll let David perhaps comment on some of the margin dynamics that we saw on the ISG side.
David Goulden: Tom, thanks for the question. Couple of factors here. One that impacts both gross margin and operating margin is bear in mind that Q3 was kind of a partial quarter which impacted things because it's just a bunch of moving parts due to timing of the acquisition that flows through the income statement. Operationally, you saw that we gained a significant amount of market share in service in a market that was relatively flat. So we did make a conscious decision to drive to get share gains in that marketplace and that came some expense on the margin side. From a server point of view, the DRAM pricing didn't affect as much in Q4 because we bought ahead of that. That's more a factor for us as we go into this current fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Harlib with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jeff Harlib: Maybe you can update us on the synergy program, the $2 billion of savings that you expected to realize within 18 months, and the integration of sales coverage channel programs and how that should phase, and if you saw any of those savings in the first quarter, fourth quarter I should say?
Tom Sweet: It's Tom. Look, I think we are generally on track on the cost synergies to date from what we are executing against. I do think, and I alluded to it in my comments, that we are putting some investment back into the business around capacity, around some incremental solution. So we'll have to balance that as we go forward relative to where we are in our cost synergy track. From a coverage model, I highlighted and we had told you guys in Q3 as well that as we moved into the first quarter of fiscal 2018, as we move to a unified or a more cohesive selling motion and reorganize the sales organization that there was the opportunity for that to be a bit disruptive in the short term. We are early on in that and we don't give forward-looking guidance. I would say, I think we are generally on track with what we expected with the sales organization and our go-to-market motion. Customer feedback has been favorable in terms of trying to provide a more unified selling motion and a more cohesive selling motion across the family of businesses. There is still work to do there by the way. And then with the Partner Program, early feedback is very positive. So look, we have got a lot of work to do, so I don't want to avoid that, but I think so far so good.
Jeff Harlib: Okay. And just a few on the cash flow side, just two quick things. First, should there be material cash taxes against the asset sale proceeds you have realized to date? And then, what about the working capital –plans to reduce working capital and generate cash from that, doesn't look like we have seen much of that yet but do you expect more going forward?
Tom Sweet: I will do the first part of that and then I'll let Tyler talk about the working capital program. As it relates to the – there are cash taxes that will come off out against the divestitures and those cash taxes get paid generally in Q1. And so dependent upon what the tax basis of these assets were, there is some differences between gross and net proceeds. Obviously I'm not going to get into the exact specifics on that, but we've accounted for that and thought through that as we thought about our delevering plan. So, that was also contemplated as we move forward. Tyler, do you want to comment on the working capital program?
Tyler Johnson: Yes, no problem, Tom. So Jeff, we are making actually good progress. I mean I think we have seen some of it come through, but there is definitely more to go. And as we have talked about previously, if you look across all of the line items around inventory, receivables and payables, we think we have got different opportunities identified that we'll make past success on. So you will see more of that come through as we progress throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Wipperman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Scott Wipperman: Just jumping back on the cash flow just with the $500 million, I think you said it was a settlement payment this quarter. I just wanted a little bit more color around that and if there was any other one-time kind of items in the cash flow number this quarter, and then I have a follow-up.
Tom Sweet: It's Tom. So look, I mean the $500 million was essentially the settlement of the IRS examining the legacy Dell tax year 2004 to 2006, which has been out there and been in ongoing negotiation for a number of years. So we feel pretty good about how that resulted. Other than that unusual cash payments in the fourth quarter, the other thing that we had clearly some WFR type cash cost come through in the quarter and then the large interest expense payment. So those were generally the three big things. And lots of different puts and takes but those are the three big things in the cash from a Q4 perspective.
Scott Wipperman: Got it. And then maybe just turning back to the business, somewhat related questions but I guess one on the server side, I mean the share gain, obviously a pretty substantial and impressive performance this quarter, I guess how sustainable do you think that is on the server side, if you could talk about a little bit what you are seeing in that market? And then similarly on the Client side, where are we in terms of the consolidation, market consolidation story that you guys have been driving for the last number of quarters?
Tom Sweet: On the server side, David can clearly go into a lot more detail on that. I mean, I think we feel pretty good about our momentum in sort of mainstream rack servers right now. The market is supposed to be a bit better as you walk into Q1. IDC I think is forecasting overall mainstream units to be roughly 1.7% and for the full year mainstream up 3.8%. So I think the market is generally okay. Obviously there is work to do, it's competitive, but I think a reasonable momentum as we go into the quarter. And I'll let David probably give you a bit more thoughtful answer on that. And then on the Client side, look I think if you look at the top three vendors now, according to IDC I think we are roughly at 60% market share on a combined basis, and I think that market consolidation story is clearly happening as you see some of the weaker players exiting or pulling back from the various pockets of participation that they were in. So, we do believe that in a consolidating market you have to take share and that's our focus. Obviously that share needs to be profitable share. And you heard our focus around some of the mobility products and the high-end products. We had really good results in the quarter, very pleased with our XPS and Latitude and Precision and Mobile Workstation velocity. So, I think that consolidation story continues. That's our focus. We will see as we go through the course of the year whether we get a Win 10 bump in terms of a refresh. We are thinking at some point that will happen. There is a lot of interest out there in the operating system. And then with some of the Intel processor introductions as we go through the year, that also gives a performance boost. So we are optimistic about the PC market this coming year, but we're still going to be down. IDC is still predicting a minus 2% type of a market and we'll have to see how it progresses as we go through the year. David, do you want to give any other color on the server question around velocity there?
David Goulden: Yes, I will, and again Scott, thanks for the question. So there are a couple of things going on in the server market. Mainstream serves as kind of the main focus. The hyperscale tends to be lumpy based upon individual companies buying or not in the quarter. But in mainstream, you go back and you look at Q4, in total the market was flat but the real growth was in the rack-scale servers where we are the strongest, and there we grew at over 2x the market. So in total, we regained our number one unit share position, we gained 200 basis points of mainstream revenue share, absolute call it 600 against our closest competitor. A couple of dynamics going on there that are driving it. In Q4, we started to get some cross-sell synergy. We definitely saw that occurring particularly into the ex-EMC-based, [indiscernible], but that's really just the starter things because that will now accelerate as we move to our new go to market structure in February this year where we put our field forces together and [indiscernible] passing lease that fully cross quoted on selling service both in enterprise and in commercial. So that should help us again this year. Now on top of that, we've got a major new product line that we are going to be launching midyear which again should be a boost and we are excited about that. So we see good things happening in servers. And last but not least, there is kind of an industry shift that's driving towards servers as more and more parts of the IT infrastructure stack becomes software-defined, they got to run somewhere, and they run on servers and particularly running on rack-scale service which is where we really focus. So a number of things that should help us as we go through the fiscal continue that positive trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Please go ahead.
Shannon Cross: I wanted to follow up on the last question. We have recently met with a few of your competitors in both the PC as well as the server space and the conversation there is, price increases are being implemented. It sounded like perhaps you guys didn't follow quite as rapidly as they certainly would've liked. So from that standpoint, I'm trying to figure out from your take what's going on or what will happen with elasticity of demand, because obviously component costs are up, you need to flow some of that through. If the industry goes, then perhaps it works, but are you a little more hesitant to try to take some of these pricing moves or are you expecting to do that both in servers as well as in PCs? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Tom Sweet: It's Tom. So look, it's obviously I think the people that you've talked to and what they are saying publicly is relatively consistent in the context of there is a rising component cost environment right now. On the Client side we see it in memory, we see it in glass and LCD panels. On the server side and storage side, we are seeing it in SSD drives and memory. So it's all about balance, right. So you are trying to adjust your pricing relative to the marketplace and relative to your thinking around what's the demand elasticity impact. So we have made a number of pricing adjustments across both product lines, client and servers. Companies that are in the competition do that at different pace dependent upon inventory positions and channel inventories. And so there are a number of variables and dynamics out there. But the reality is that if you're seeing – we've seen some pretty significant cost increases in memory for instance, and you're just not going to be able to swallow those and not adjust pricing over the long run. Now, there is ways to adjust pricing, whether it's a list price, whether it's how much discounting authority you are giving to your sales organization. So there is ways to sort of manoeuvre your way through these dynamics of a headwind from a component cost. And we will have to see on elasticity to be honest, right. But we have a P&L to manage and we need to make sure that we are making the right decisions for the long-term. So it's all about balancing short term profitability pressures for instance because of the component costs with long-term positioning around where do we want to be from a velocity perspective. And so that's the balance we are driving right now. I think so far we've made some reasonable decisions. We will keep watching it. We are doing weekly pricing analytics and analysis and position analytics to see how the market is and where the market is, but David, I don't know if you would add anything but it's clearly a rising component cost environment right now.
David Goulden: So I think you said it well. I mean this is an industry-wide phenomenon and it's certainly impacting everybody and it's certainly of course impacting customers. Having said that, the factors that I talked about before, so this is clearly a bit of a headwind to the overall growth of infrastructure, on the other hand there are some tailwinds as well. So there is clearly a balance going on here. But we have absolutely made adjustments and we will continue to do so as the component prices move.
Shannon Cross: Okay, great. And then Tom, can you talk a little bit about the thought process behind share repurchase for DVMT versus debt paydown, just sort of how you think about overall within the Dell family in terms of use of cash right now? Clearly the VMware Dell transactions tend to work well together.
Tom Sweet: Look Shannon, I mean I want to be really clear on this. Our primary source, our capital allocation strategy is delevering. So nobody should be confused about that. On the other hand, we continue to look at the performance of VMware and the performance of the Tracker in the market and the return to our shareholders based upon some ownership percentages. And as a result of that, we've had some nice alignment as VMware is out managing their share buyback programs where there has been the opportunity to align what they are trying to do and align with what we are trying to do, which is utilize and make it a win-win I should say in the sense of VMware buying Class A shares from Dell EMC or EMC I guess and us then taking those proceeds and retiring Tracker and buying that Tracker. So, we are going to continue to look at these programs. We are not going to make any commitments on breadth and depth as we go through the year, but we will continue to look at that and see if there's some opportunistic opportunities in the market to take advantage of the discount between the two securities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Milunovich with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Milunovich: David, on the [indiscernible] side, it seems like you've had a bit of a shift from kind of the new architecture of XtremIO to putting SSDs into your more traditional frames, and that seems to be working well. Is that still the case and do you see that continuing for some time or does there come a time when you really kind of need to have a pure optimized all-flash architecture, more like XtremIO that you are pushing first and foremost?
David Goulden: Steve, what we have done is we have as you correctly pointed out taken some of our traditionally hybrid products and actually enhanced the architecture quite substantially to take further advantage of all-flash and therefore produce all-flash version. So obviously VMAX All Flash came out early last calendar and was a strong success, as is XtremIO. So it's really a combination of both. What we're finding is that for example in the high end where we now have these two very competitive products, the general purpose application is actually very well suited to the VMAX All Flash. It includes data services. The XtremIO case is well suited for things that are very [indiscernible] instant copy centric. So the combination or they actually complement each other quite well. And of course we have done the same thing in the mid tier with our Unity, again created all-flash versions that are optimized for all-flash that could never accept a hard drive if anybody wanted to put one in. And we are going to do the same thing for our SC Compellent Series as well. So we believe that the vast majority of the frames in the mid tier, certainly the higher ends of the mid tier, and the higher end are all moving to this all-flash conflagration. And as I mentioned, while XtremIO was built from the ground up to take advantage of all-flash, we have done significant things to the way that VMAX is architected to really take full advantage of this very fast medium. So I actually see as a combination of both and I wouldn't characterize one as kind of optimizing, one as not, because they're both been optimized now to take advantage of it. And of course there are things coming along. You will see us have NVMe technology in the market later this year. So the family continues to move forward to take advantage of new medium.
Steven Milunovich: Thank you. And then I wanted to ask about the competitive situation. One of the market research firms tracks the hardware and software sales into cloud which for you guys I assume is mostly private cloud, and you've got Cisco, HP Enterprise and yourselves all at 12%, and then if you want to throw in ODMs they are also at 12%. So it seems like a very competitive, fairly fragmented market selling into mostly on-prem which arguably could be declining. How do you view your strategic position differentiated, particularly relative to Cisco and HP Enterprise?
David Goulden: So everything gets cloud washed, Steve, these days and I think I am aware of the particular report which you are talking about. So first of all, cloud is not a place, it's an operating model and the operating model can be applied on-prem or off-prem. It's really providing IT as a service. And I think that everybody is going to implement some form of hybrid cloud. So it's also a combination of both. When you look at the kind of IT infrastructure marketplace, as we do that have service storage network, combined marketplace about $110 billion this year, we see strong double-digit growth in that infrastructure being sold into private cloud and into public clouds, but the biggest piece is still a non-cloud environment often virtualized. It's still two-thirds of the marketplace. So we see ourselves particularly well-positioned in letting people take advantage of on-prem and off-prem together with the strength of VMware, with the Pivotal layer, and our ability to put the complete solutions like our Enterprise Hybrid Cloud or Native Hybrid Cloud underneath it and also being able to complement that with virtual stream that uniquely handles these mission-critical workload. So we can go to our customers and say, we have got a cloud strategy for your mission-critical application, we got a cloud strategy for your general applications, and we got a cloud strategy for your new cloud-native applications, and that cloud strategy embraces both on-prem and off-prem solutions. So we think that's very differentiated. So we are actually excited about how we can face up against those companies that you mentioned as we go into this cloud era as opposed to cloud place.
Tom Sweet: And David, I would add, everything you said I clearly agree with, but we also have the other sort of cloud model dynamics is around consumption and pay-as-you-go and pay as you consume. And so we have multiple consumption models, financing models, from pure utility models all the way to pay as you consume. And so I do think that we are also trying to ensure that as we drive these solutions as David described that we also position some of the economics, models that the cloud offers to ensure that our customers have full choice and flexibility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Schiffman with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Schiffman: Thank you so much for hosting the call. Maybe this is just one long question with a couple of parts, but I think your reaction this morning was a little bit of concern regarding EBITDA margins and I think it's somewhat [indiscernible]. I've heard a lot of what you said but just want to get a better sense of how much of pricing and incremental investment and OpEx impacts decision-making on your standpoint versus uncontrollable expenses and whether or not this is a little bit more of a just a time-shifting of expenses and that ultimately your free cash flow style or whatever your internal projections are, are still in line with what you thought three months ago, six months ago, and then ultimately from a balance sheet perspective has anything changed in terms of both your desire or your ability to delever in terms of the size and timing of what your initial expectations were? Thank you so much.
Tom Sweet: Robert, you are right, that is one very long question. So let me do it like this. So let's start with the margin conversation. So look, I think about this less as an OpEx or cost story as I think about the pricing dynamics and the mix dynamics that we continue to juggle with a pretty large set of solutions in various markets. So if you think about coming out of Q3 into Q4, we had told you guys that we thought Q4 would be a tighter operating margin quarter and it turned out to be. So I think we are very consistent and very transparent on how we think about the business and trying to ensure that you guys understand how we operate the business. Clearly there is we have got some pressures in component cost, we have got mix dynamics happening as we balance growth with profitability, and it's our job to sort of balance that across the set of portfolios. So I think that we will continue to make the right decisions around velocity at the top versus gross margin dollar delivery, which ultimately translates into operating income but there will be some fluctuations on that as we go from quarter to quarter. We are extraordinarily focused on cost and cost structure. So we continue to be driving aggressively against the synergy targets that we laid out. I will also tell you though that we have made some decisions to invest back into the business, things like sales force coverage, expansion of our CSB model into the next set of countries, expansion of different solutions with building out service provider support models. And so there are a number of investments that we think are the prudent things for the long-term to do and we will continue to make the right decisions for the long-term here as a company. And so look, I mean yes, margins were slightly lower. You also have to remember that they were a little bit higher in Q3 as David highlighted by the fact of the timing of the transaction. So we closed the EMC transaction on September 7. So we picked up only a portion of the quarter's sort of run rate operating expense and picked up a lot of their revenue and margin given the hockey stick that they have traditionally had at the end of the quarter. So, there are timing dynamics there too that you have to think your way through. So look, I mean we're going to continue to work at this, we're going to continue to make sure we make the right decisions and we're going to continue to make sure that we drive the right profitability models to drive cash flow, which gets into your second question around free cash flow and are we different now than what we thought six or nine months ago. The answer is probably yes to a certain extent. But it's all about how do we balance and make sure that we delever properly and efficiently, which we are extraordinarily committed to, and making sure that we drive the right business investment decisions along with that delevering strategy. So, the world's dynamic, it continues to evolve and change, we're going to continue to evolve and change our decisions as we go forward. But don't be confused, we will delever the balance sheet, that's our focus. We'll do that as promptly and efficiently as we can while we make the right investment decisions for the business. So look, I actually feel like the team has done a pretty good job navigating the first part of this integration, knowing that we have got a lot more work to do and that the markets are going to continue to move around on us a little bit given just the competitive nature and the changing IT consumption models that are out there. So, overall Robert, I think the team did a reasonable job for the quarter, more to do but I'm reasonably pleased with where we are as we step out of FY 2017 and come into FY 2018.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Phipps with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
David Phipps: Could you talk about the seasonality of the business as we look forward on a quarterly basis or what historically given all the changes in the business from acquisitions and from divestitures? And then as a quick follow-up, can you qualitatively walk us through a bridge from the margin on the EBITDA from the third quarter at 13.3% to a 10.6% but qualitatively what were some of the big factors? Was the one-time payment a big factor, was it the acquisition of business, divestiture of high-margin business, or were there any mix changes at some of the component prices? I think that would be helpful to investors. I'm getting a lot of [indiscernible] on that right now.
Tom Sweet: From a seasonality perspective, I actually think we are trying to work our way through what the new seasonality looks like, to be a bit honest. I mean, if you remember, legacy Dell say like this coming out of Q4 would seasonally be down in Q1 on a revenue perspective. It tended to be probably the weakest quarter of the year in terms of revenue velocity as we come out of the buying season from a consumer perspective into the year budget flush from a commercial perspective. I think that legacy EMC also has a relatively weak Q1 and then builds through the year. And so I think at a macro level that's what we expect to see. I think linearity within the quarter is going to be a bit interesting. EMC traditionally ran at pretty heavy end of quarter linearity within the quarter, meaning that a lot of the revenue came through in the last two or three weeks of their calendar quarter. So now that we have shifted to a fiscal quarter, the dynamics of when does that demand show up and how does it show up is something we are still working, still trying to ensure that we understand the new patterns that are going to evolve given sales competition models, given customer buying habits. And so I tend to think about it like that, but I do expect that – we don't do forecast, we don't do guidance, but I think there are some historical seasonality patterns that you would expect to see in Q1 which has traditionally been a softer quarter. In terms of the EBITDA margins from Q3 to Q4, we see it from 13.3% to 10%, you've got to think about that in the context of some dynamics around the operating expenses that David referred to. That's probably 60 to 70 basis points of that change. We did have some pricing pressure, which is probably another 120 basis points of that change. And so look, I mean there is dynamics as we go from Q3 to Q4. It's our job to balance those out over time, which we'll continue to do. So I am not going to do an exact bridge for you but we are aware of the dynamics and we'll work our way through those as we go forward.
David Phipps: So just to clarify, so it was the – the settlement, is that part of the EBITDA mix or your one-time customer? So that you kind of called out the 180 basis points out of the 270 basis points, so we think the other 90 is from one-time factors?
Tom Sweet: Look, I mean again, if you look at the adjusted EBITDA, clearly we did have the settlement, generally would not have been there, is already reserved for. So [indiscernible] affect the current earnings. So I called it out, I gave you the two largest components of that, and then you also had some mix dynamics. And so look, I mean those are sort of the bridges that I would take you to, plus some of the WFR activity which is in there as well.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Dan Burke with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Daniel Burke: First, on the storage side, can you just speak to what you're seeing in the market and to the extent sales have been weaker, has this been a function of customers deferring purchases, moving to competitors, evaluating new technologies? Just any color there would be helpful.
David Goulden: Dan, this is David. Let me take that. There are a number of things that are happening in our numbers, particularly in the calendar Q4, which are impacting the revenue results that people are reporting and is actually impacting the market. We actually are [indiscernible] impact on the storage market ourselves, but let me explain what's happening there. So first of all, as we move into Dell, [indiscernible] our policies are really focused upon working capital efficiency, so that means we're going to have a much bigger backlog generally at the end of any period than we would have done inside of EMC. But then also we moved our fiscal from December to January. So now if you think about where things were at the end of December, there was no real focus upon optimizing what that backlog was. So we had a significant increase in our backlog in December for those two factors vis-a-vis a year ago that impacted our reported results as people like IDC might look at them and actually impacted the market. To give you a flavor of how we saw overall demand in the fiscal quarter if we could have actually gone back and created a true comparison year on year, we saw demand in the fiscal quarter down in the low to mid single-digit range which is actually a lot better than many of our traditional storage competitors who are seeing double-digit declines. Now to answer your question about what dynamics we're seeing in the marketplace, we're seeing a couple of things. We are seeing softness in the high end of the market and that seems to have continued for a little bit of time. We are actually seeing growth in the mid tier marketplace. We're also seeing a significant growth in all-flash, and as you mentioned and as I mentioned we are now a $4 billion run rate player, our share in all-flash is higher than it is in external storage in total. So as the market shifts towards all-flash, that should be good for us vis-a-vis others. And what we're seeing is in the marketplace customers are still making tactical decisions. There's a lot of work going on to look at IT transformation and future architectures. So the customers who haven't made those decisions yet in terms of what their IT transformation strategy is are still doing it very much by what they need and the more approach, different from how they were buying a couple of years ago. The customers who are moving forward with transformation are making longer term decisions, but that's still a smaller piece of the marketplace. So you've got a number of factors. I would comment that the move to all-flash is actually not deflationary for the storage marketplace because what happens is that all-flash is actually more expensive but then with data services, [indiscernible], compression, et cetera, you get the same dollar to gigabyte effectively as you do with the hybrid system. So that's one of the things that people talk about that we don't see being a factor. So we've had an impact on the marketplace as external people look at it based upon how we close our quarter, and there is still some softness in the marketplace, even that factored in, and then you get back to this combination of high end plus people making tactical shorter-term decisions as the market starts to slowly move towards a transformation agenda. The customers who are in this transformation mode are making big multiyear strategic purchases. So as more of that happens, then I think that could be a positive thing going forward. But those are the dynamics that we're seeing in the marketplace that hopefully gives you a few points of flavor to think about.
Daniel Burke: Yes, that was great. Just one quick follow-up, the other thing that we have seen some of your competitors discussing the market on the all-flash side, obviously you are facing an environment of rising NAND prices now, how is that going to impact your sales of all-flash arrays and traditional drive systems from both your perspective and then from the customers?
David Goulden: I think that as we talked about on one of the earlier questions, obviously the solid state drives and more importantly for DRAM, we see the impacts on DRAM pricing increases being more than SSDs and actually storage and therefore service more impacted by DRAM and storage arrays are relatively less impacted by that relative price increase. I still think that the value proposition for an all-flash system holds even in a slightly inflationary environment because you get so much additional performance from an all-flash system, you can do things with it you just can't do with a traditional storage-based system. So I don't see that momentum particularly changing. It might slow a little bit but I still think customers when they're looking at these purchases and they are thinking what they are going to do with the storage system for the next three or four years are still going to move predominantly to all-flash.
Daniel Burke: Great. Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Before we close, Rob, it's Tom, I wanted to go back and correct something I said when Robert and I were talking about the EBITDA walks. I grabbed the wrong number. So as we look at quarter on quarter EBITDA walk, I would say that roughly we've got about 250 basis points of OpEx pressure coming from the ISG or OpEx change coming from where we picked up the EMC legacy and from a quarter in Q3 to a full quarter in Q4. So that's a big piece of that change. We're obviously working on OpEx to bring that back down over the course of the coming year. And then we also had some cost variances and pricing variances that roughly make up about 70 to 80 basis points, offset by some favorable mix. So that's sort of the dynamic we saw going from Q3 to Q4. But I wanted to clarify that.
Rob Williams: I appreciate that clarification, Tom. That wraps the Q&A. As a reminder, we have our Analyst Meeting or Investor Meeting in New York on April 5. This is a two-hour meeting and it will focus on strategy, integration efforts and capital structure. We are going to dedicate half of the time to Q&A. This is an invitation-only meeting due to limited availability, so please contact us if you're interested in attending. And finally, I appreciate you joining the call. We are available to take additional Q&A. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2016-12-08 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Williams - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Sweet - Chief Financial Officer David Goulden - President, Infrastructure Solutions Group Tyler Johnson - Treasurer
Analysts: Thomas Eagan - JPMorgan Arun Seshadri - Credit Suisse Frank Jarman - Goldman Sachs Scott Wipperman - Goldman Sachs Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jason Kilgariff - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call for Dell Technologies Inc. I would like to inform all participants this call is being recorded at the request of Dell Technologies. This broadcast is the copyrighted property of Dell Technologies Inc. Any rebroadcast of this information, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Dell Technologies is prohibited. As a reminder, the company is also simulcasting this call at investors.delltechnologies.com. A replay of this webcast will be available at the same location. Following prepared remarks, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call over to Rob Williams, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Williams, you may begin.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Regina. Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me today is our Chief Financial Officer, Tom Sweet; our President of Infrastructure Solutions Group, David Goulden; and joining us from Europe is our Treasurer, Tyler Johnson. We posted our third quarter press release and web deck on our website at investors.delltechnologies.com and Q3 financial results will be filed on Form 10-Q on Friday, December 9. I encourage you to review these documents for additional perspectives. I would like to highlight key changes to our financial statements due to the recent merger with EMC and the announced divestitures. On September 7, we completed the EMC transaction, combining the two companies. The consolidated results of Dell Technologies fiscal third quarter includes 52 days of EMC and VMware’s results. Going forward, we will report EMC and VMware on Dell Technologies fiscal year. The standalone results of VMware will continue to be publicly reported on a calendar year end basis through December 31, 2016. Thereafter, VMware will publicly report on the basis of Dell Technologies fiscal year which starts on February 4, 2017. On October 31, we closed the Dell Software Group transaction and received approximately $2.4 billion. On November 2, we closed the Dell Services transaction and received consideration of approximately $3 billion. And on September 12, we entered into a definitive agreement to divest the Dell EMC Enterprise Content Division, or ECD, for $1.6 billion. Subject to regulatory approval, we continue to expect the transaction to close before the end of our current fiscal year. Accordingly, for Q3, the results of Dell Services, Dell Software Group and ECD were presented on a discontinued operations basis. As assets and liabilities of these businesses were reclassified into the held-for-sale asset and liability categories on the balance sheet and on the income statement, the financial results of these businesses were reclassified out of the activity from continuing operations and listed separately in the category for discontinued operations. For more information, please refer to our SEC filings. In addition, our Q3 non-GAAP operating income excludes $3.5 billion of adjustments. The majority of these are non-cash and related purchase accounting and amortization of intangible assets. Please note that due to the Dell go-private transaction as well as the EMC transaction, there will continue to be significant bridging items between our GAAP and non-GAAP results for the next few years although the impact will decline in each subsequent quarter. Please see Slide 3 in the web deck for additional detail on the non-cash adjustment and the supplemental slides beginning on Slide 18 as well as our SEC filings for more details on our total non-GAAP adjustments. And if that’s not enough to keep track of, please note that our historical financials do not include EMC historical results. And unless otherwise specified, all growth percentages refer to fiscal year-over-year change, which is compared to Dell prior year results. During this call, we will generally refer to non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, operating income, net income, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA on a continuing operations basis. A reconciliation of each of these measures to its most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found on Form 10-Q and in the supplemental material of our web deck. Finally, I would like to remind you that all statements made during this call that relate to future results and events are forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those projected due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in the cautionary statement of our web deck. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. Now, I will turn it over to Tom.
Tom Sweet: Thanks, Rob. First, I will cover the consolidated financial results for the third quarter and Tyler will share our cash and liquidity performance. David will then provide details on our Infrastructure Solutions Group, or ISG business before I cover the results of our Client Solutions Group or our CSG business. This is our first quarter reporting combined company results. Our GAAP revenue in the third quarter was $16.2 billion, with a GAAP operating loss of $1.5 billion. As Rob mentioned, our GAAP results were significantly impacted by purchase accounting in transaction costs. Switching to non-GAAP, revenue in the third quarter was $16.8 billion. While consolidated year-over-year compares are not meaningful, top line results were driven by a 3% increase in CSG, which outgrew the industry in both consumer and commercial PCs. Our ISG business was mixed as strength in our emerging solutions, including all-flash arrays, hyper-converged systems, scale-out NAS and software-defined storage was offset by pressure and traditional external storage and softness in certain areas of servers. Gross margin was $5.3 billion or 31.7% of revenue. Gross margin was impacted by an incremental $2.7 billion from the acquired businesses, which have a combined gross margin of over 60%, an $80 million vendor settlement and a richer product mix in CSG. OpEx was $3.3 billion or 20% of revenue as we continue to execute on our cost initiatives while balancing spend across sales, marketing and R&D. Operating income was $2 billion or 11.8% of revenue. Our near-term priorities are straightforward, successfully integrate our sales force and channel partner programs, seize top line synergies through cross-sell opportunities and focus on our ongoing business and cost activities. Executing against these priorities supports our de-levering effort, where we have already reduced our debt by $5.8 billion post deal close. Now, let me turn it over to Tyler to go into more detail on our capital structure.
Tyler Johnson: Thanks, Tom. Cash flow generation and ending cash balances for Q3 were consistent with our expectations and follows strong cash flow performance for Dell and EMC in the prior quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.2 billion and as a percent of revenue was 13.3%. The increase in our adjusted EBITDA was primarily driven by the impact of the EMC acquired businesses. Please see Slide 18 in the web deck for more details on our EBITDA adjustments. In Q3, we had a use of cash from operations of approximately $270 million, including discontinued ops. This number includes approximately $1.3 billion of transaction and integration costs. Cash flow was also impacted by seasonal swings in working capital following our performance in Q2. For additional information, please see Slide 19 in the web deck for more details on our non-GAAP adjustments. Our cash and investments balance ended Q3 at $15 billion after taking into account the necessary debt related inflows and corresponding outflows required to fund the EMC transaction. As stated on the Q2 earnings call, our Q3 debt balances grew substantially in advance of closing the EMC transaction. We finished the quarter with $56.8 billion in principal debt, including $50.5 billion in core debt. The remainder included approximately $5 billion of debt, which funds our global financial services business and the $1.5 billion VMware bridge facility backed by a legacy intercompany node due to Dell Technologies from VMware. During the quarter, we made a $500 million optional repayment of our revolver. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we received total cash proceeds of $5.4 billion from the previously announced divestitures of Dell Services and software businesses. Netting for expected taxes, transaction fees and payments received outside of the U.S., we apply the net proceeds to settle $4.3 billion of debt, which included $2.2 billion to repay the asset sale bridge facility and $2.1 billion to repay a portion of the term loan A1 facility as required for our debt agreement. In addition, given our ending cash balances, we made an optional repayment of an incremental $1 billion of revolver. These debt repayments result in a $200 million reduction in annualized interest expense on a run rate basis. Last quarter, we announced that our Board had authorized a Class V common stock repurchase program for up to $1 billion over 2 years. During the third quarter, we have repurchased $165 million of Class V common shares and as of December 8, we were up to $324 million in total repurchase, which is approximately 7 million shares at an average price of $48.58. We are taking a disciplined approach to share repurchases, conservatively sizing the program to stay in line with our capital allocation strategy. We will continue to evaluate repurchase opportunities over the remaining life of the Board authorization. Similarly, we will remain balanced in our capital allocation strategy and focus on our plan to de-lever the balance sheet to profitable growth and strong cash flow generation. Let me turn it over to David.
David Goulden: Thanks Tyler. I will cover the results of our Infrastructure Solutions Group, which consist of the legacy EMC information infrastructure business and the legacy Dell Enterprise Solutions Group, which is now branded externally as Dell EMC. The IT spending environment is undergoing a big transition as customers continued to be challenged by the need to optimize infrastructure for traditional applications and build new infrastructure for cloud native applications. And with a wide variety of workloads, both on-premise and off-premises and in private and public clouds, most customers will operate in a hybrid on a multi-cloud world. We believe the deployment of infrastructure in this multi-cloud environments will continue to move towards all-flash and converged solutions, which brings servers and storage together. With this industry dynamic as our backdrop, Dell EMC is well positioned to help customers in their digital transformation. Our unparalleled solution sets spans a full stack of cloud building blocks that include our leading server and storage product families, our pre-engineered converged and hyper-converged portfolio and our enterprise and native hybrid clouds, which includes technology from VMware and Pivotal. Before we get into more detail in these categories, let me provide an overview of our consolidated ISG results. The Q3 overall ISG revenue was approximately $6 billion, with operating income of $897 million or 15% of revenue. Our server and networking revenues of $2.9 billion declined 8%. We saw softness in our hyperscale service business, where demand is lumpy and we maintain a selective deal process. Additionally, we saw some weakness in our mainstream PowerEdge business due to evolving buying patterns and back end loaded demand. We remain focused on our server business model to ensure we have the right offerings at the right cost points to match customers’ buying trends. Our storage revenue of $3.1 billion was up substantially due to the impact of the EMC transaction. Within storage, the legacy EMC business experienced some softness due to first, activity related to the close of the transaction and integration process and second, the transition from standalone hybrid arrays towards converged and all-flash, which we are driving with our new offerings and declaration of 2016 as the year of all-flash for primary storage. On a calendar basis, Q3 demand for our all-flash portfolio grew very high double-digits and at a nearly $2.5 billion run rate is more than 2x the size of our closest competitor. We continue to introduce new all-flash products across our portfolio to extend our lead. Our new VMAX All Flash 250F, which starts at $100,000 in a 10U system extends enterprise class functionality to a new set of customers. Our new EMC all-flash solution, which starts at less than $18,000, delivered substantial gains in storage efficiency, capacity and value with the ability to scale up to 384 terabytes in a 2U footprint. We also introduced an all-flash version of Isilon scale up NAS, which delivers significant storage density and performance for next-gen unstructured data workloads. And finally, we announced the Xtreme I/O amassed more than 3,000 customers and $3 billion in cumulative revenue in less than 3 years. Turning to our leading converge and hyper-converged portfolio of blocks, racks and appliances the strong momentum in VxRail continued in Q3 as we have now received orders for more than 3,700 nodes from customers in over 60 countries since launch in February of this year. This is before the introduction of Version 4.0 and the integration with PowerEdge servers. The new VxRail appliance with PowerEdge servers increased hardware flexibility and offer a more granular scalability with more configurations, a 25% low energy price and offered 2x more storage in all-flash nodes. Our XC hyper-converged business also performed very well, growing triple digits. In the mid-market, our SC series gained shared. During the quarter, we announced that our SC arrays are now interoperable with legacy EMC’s leading portfolio of storage migrant, mobility and data protection solutions. The updates to our SC and VxRail solutions are perfect examples of the integration between Dell and EMC technologies in a short period of time. Lastly, calendar Q3 demand for our Enterprise Hybrid Cloud solution grew triple digits to a nearly $0.5 billion run rate. These solutions are some of the only we can deliver as they span 14 different products across the Dell technology portfolio. In addition to the exciting new products, we have also introduced new, flexible, open-scale payment options and expanded our services capability with more than 60,000 service professionals and partners in order to provide the best experience for our customers. Looking ahead, our customers remain our top priority. We are committed to supporting and enhancing all of our major product platforms and serving our customers’ most critical IT needs. I would like to thank the Dell and EMC teams for their hard work and focus as we bring the two companies together. We have more work to do, but I am personally very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for Dell EMC. Let me turn it over to Tom, who will walk you through the CSG business unit results.
Tom Sweet: Thanks David. Let’s move to the client business. The overall market was slightly better than expected for calendar Q3. According to IDC, worldwide PC unit shipments declined by 4.6%, an improvement from their forecast of negative 7.1%. For the calendar quarter, Dell outperformed the worldwide market and grew the fastest among the top three vendors according to IDC. This is the 15th consecutive quarter of year-over-year unit share gains as we gained 160 basis points of PC unit share. For fiscal Q3, CSG had a strong quarter with revenue of $9.2 billion, up 3%. The revenue growth rate was the highest we have seen in eight quarters, driven by continued strength in consumer, which grew 12%. While commercial was down 1%, we have seen a steady improvement over the past three quarters with solid share gain. Operating income was $634 million, up 65% to 6.9% of revenue. The improvement was primarily driven by a favorable cost environment, a richer product mix of premium notebooks and workstations and approximately $80 million from CSG’s portion of the aforementioned vendors’ settlement. Consistent with last quarter, we saw strong performance across both consumer and commercial high-end notebooks, which includes XPS, Alienware, mobile workstations and latitude. We continue to receive strong reviews and are seeing great momentum with our updated latitude portfolio. This includes our thinnest and lightest business class notebooks and our recently launched Latitude 2-in-1 option. We were also pleased with the performance of the workstation business. Our focus on this business is driving solid results with the latest IDC data for workstations showing Dell in a 2-way tie for number one worldwide unit share while we remain number one worldwide in unit share for mobile workstations. Attached services revenue grew in the quarter, primarily driven by the mix of higher premium products, which tend to have the higher attach rate and service revenue per unit. We were pleased with CSG’s performance this quarter but acknowledge that there are areas where we can improve velocity, particularly in commercial desktops, where we are focusing on marketing, promotion and sales enablement activities, new customer conversions and emerging form factors. For example, we continued to see strong momentum in our Dell OptiPlex Micro and all-in-one form factors. We are focused on creating revenue synergies and offering solutions that leverage innovation across the company. We have had a longstanding relationship with VMware for VDI solutions and we are excited about the additional cross-sell opportunities. At Dell EMC World, we unveiled our endpoint data security and management portfolio, encompassing solutions from AirWatch, RSA and Mozy. With our broad and award-winning portfolio of solutions, we are positioned to expand our customer base, continue to gain share and generate strong cash flow. Now, shifting to the VMware segment and our other businesses, we were pleased with the results of VMware, which – with revenue of $1.3 billion and operating income of $548 million or 42.5% of revenue for the 52-day period. We are already seeing synergies from this part of the business through our partnership in selling VxRail and in broader distribution of vSphere. In addition to VMware, revenue from other businesses, which includes SecureWorks, RSA, Pivotal and Boomi, was $312 million. Within this group, SecureWorks publicly reported their Q3 earnings yesterday. SecureWorks revenue was $107 million, up 21%. Pivotal continued its momentum in the third quarter, adding key customers across the automotive, financial services, insurance, retail and telecommunications industries. In addition to its existing relationship with AWS, Pivotal Cloud Foundry recently announced expanded technical and go-to-market partnerships with Google Cloud platform and Microsoft Azure. In closing, given industry demand dynamics and the transaction close early in September, we had a solid quarter, with good performance in our CSG and VMware segments and a bit of mixed results in our ISG business. We need to work our way through the integration and stay focused on our customers in the coming quarters. Our vision has become the essential infrastructure company from the edge of the data center to the cloud not only for today’s applications, but for the cloud native world we are entering. Going forward, we must successfully execute against three related strategic initiatives: first, extend our market-leading position in Client Solutions and IT infrastructure for traditional workloads, both on and off-prem; second, grow our strong position in IT infrastructure for cloud native workloads, both on and off-premise; and third, innovate with winning technology that stands and unites our on and off-premise applications and infrastructure. In addition, we are on track with a broad set of integration activities, but there is more work to be done. We will consolidate our sales force and channel programs starting in FY ‘18. We will continue to drive against the cost and revenue synergies we have identified and we will continue to provide great solution in services to our customers. Wrapping this up, given the complexity of this integration, there may be some short-term disruption as we integrate our go-to-market activities. However, we are focused on minimizing the impact to our customers. We have a talented team, a strategy we believe in and a portfolio of solutions that can help our customers address IT challenges now and into the future. Now, I will turn it back to Rob to begin Q&A.
Rob Williams: Thanks, Tom. Let’s get to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Regina can you introduce the first participant?
Operator: We will take our first question from the line of Thomas Eagan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Eagan: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first is, Tom, you talked about the consumer products doing pretty well this quarter in the CSG side and it was good last quarter and the quarter before that. It seems to be one of the things that’s holding up that side of the business. But on the legacy business, desktop, it feels like that’s been a drag for the last couple of quarters and you laid out a couple of things that you are going to do to try to make that better. But I was wondering is it a drag for – is it your sense that it’s a drag for Dell, because of what you have been doing to sell that product or is it a drag in general on the industry and Dell is actually doing better than other folks on that side?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Tom, thanks for the question. And look, it’s a fair question and we have highlighted over the last couple of quarters, quite frankly, our displeasure with our performance in the desktop space, particularly on the commercial side. So look, the desktop form factor, as a general category, is growing slower than the mobility platforms and so I was very happy with the growth I saw in our mobility platforms and our notebook form factors, and we had strong growth in our commercial notebooks, particularly the Latitude line, which I think was the unit growth of over 10%. The OptiPlex form factor has not – has performed, quite frankly, below from a desktop perspective, has performed below the IDC sort of growth rates that have been – that we have talked about over the last couple of quarters. So, couple of factors there. One, I, quite frankly, think that we have won a pretty strong position in desktop overall. And so we have a relatively large share position in desktop. So, that does create some little bit of headwinds relative to growth trajectories. I do think that we focused our sales organizations more on mobility of late as consumers have generally been more interested in that form factor. And as a result, I think we and I think the IDC data would show it that we have underperformed the market a little bit on commercial desktop. And that’s an important category for us. It has good profit characteristics and so we have been focused over the last couple of quarters on how do we turn that trajectory around. So, what you have heard me talk about was one is making sure that we had the right appropriate mind share with the sales organization management; second, making sure that we had the right form factors and the right price points and we are offering those form factors that are emerging and are of interest to consumers, which is the micro form factor and the all in ones and we are seeing good growth rates in those. So, I think over the long run, Tom, we will be fine here. We do have work to do. I don’t want to downplay that. It’s an area that as we go assess our performance in the CSG business, which had a really good quarter, it’s a spot and it’s an underperformance that we need to go fix. I would tell you that I think IDC says that commercial desktops return to growth in 2018 – to flat growth, I should say, in 2018. So we will have to see how that market evolves over time. So look it’s fair question. There is work to do. I try to be transparent with you guys in terms of how we are thinking about these things. From a consumer – just to touch on that consumer comment real quick, we have been very happy with our consumer performance, particularly around the globe. As you know, we have a separate selling organization, our consumer and small business sales organization that is primarily focused on that. They have done a nice job of executing in that space. We have seen better characteristics around velocity of the business, a better mix of business and I think the product offerings, particularly in our upper end of the consumer categories with the XPS, notebooks and Alienware have been very helpful to us. And so we try to stay disciplined in that space. It’s not a high profit pool market, but it’s an important market from a scale perspective and also from introducing the Dell brand to the consumer market, and ultimately, most consumers are also working in businesses. So, we want to make sure we have a brand halo that works for us. So, happy with that, more work to do on commercial desktop.
Thomas Eagan: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then my follow-up is and I am going to ask this question, I know it’s going to be hard to answer and it would be for either you Tom or Tyler. You talked a little bit about evaluation and a balanced approach to what you are going to use your free cash flow for. Could you maybe just give us a little bit more color and how you think about what plans are for free cash flow in terms of what you look to pay down since you made optional payments on the revolver, you made optional payments on the VMware stock and I don’t want to pin you down to a price on that, but how do you think about prioritization of it, where you want to pay down stuff, is the plan that if the VMware stock hangs out where it’s been hanging out that you will just take out down a little at the time and at the same time, pay down some of your term loans or is it if the stock goes up to certain price, it’s off limits and then you just go to pay down debt?
Tom Sweet: Hey Tom, it’s Tom Sweet. Let me start and then I will ask Tyler to jump in. So look, you are essentially asking a capital allocation question in terms of how do we think about where we are going to apply capital and from our perspective, we have been pretty clear on this in terms of our primary focus is going to be de-levering the balance sheet. That was our commitment to the market. That was our commitment to the analysts and I think it’s the right commitment from a long-term positioning of the company. What you have seen us do, quite frankly is be a bit opportunistic around that DVMT stock and where that’s been trading on a relative discount to the VMware stock. And so if you were to think about it, we are going to keep our eye on that trading range and you may see us from time-to-time introduce some share buyback, much like we did in Q3. But I don’t want anybody to be confused about where the primary use of our capital and free cash flow is going to go, which is to de-lever the balance sheet over the near-term to intermediate-term. And Tyler, I would ask if you have got any other comments or any other thoughts you would like to give Tom on that.
Tyler Johnson: I mean look, I think you pretty much summed it up. I mean we are thinking about how we act and follow OBO and really nothing has changed in that approach. And Tom, you nailed it when you talked about we do recognize there is good value there and we do want to take advantage of it. But if you look at – even if you look at what we did in Q3, relatively modest in the scheme of things and as it relates to buying back the Class V. We were prudent in paying down the revolver, $1 billion there because obviously, that provides us not only do we de-lever, but it provides us flexibility if we need to use that to fund short-term working capital needs. And as it relates to prioritization, I mean we will follow through as we complete the ECD asset sale relatively swift to the remainder of the A1 and the A3. And then we will focus on the next tranche. So I think it is fairly straightforward. I do think we have been pretty open in how we are doing this and I think we follow through on it.
Thomas Eagan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Arun Seshadri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Arun Seshadri: Hello Rob, Tom and Tyler good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple from me, first wanted to get a sense for I think you mentioned that on the mainstream PowerEdge side, demand was a little bit back end loaded, so I am just trying to understand how is that looking post the quarter and are you seeing some signs of strength. And if you could also comment on whether there has been any impact from Lenovo’s recent efforts in terms of incentivizing their sales force and sort of doing things a little bit differently?
Tom Sweet: Hey, it’s Tom, Arun. Let me take that and then maybe David Goulden can offer some insights and so he now owns that business and can give you his own perspective. So look, PowerEdge was a bit back end loaded. But there is no question that there are some dynamics happening within that server space as customers are evaluating the types of form factors they want to buy and we are seeing shifts. To some extent, I don’t want to overstate that, but we are seeing – beginning to see much more interest in hyper-converged, where I – perhaps less of an interest in customers buying piece parts and versus a highly configured solution that’s ready to go. And so our hyper-converged trajectory has taken off pretty remarkably over the last couple of quarters, which we think is not surprising given what we have talked about strategically around cloud native applications and data center modernizations for some of the new applications and business models that are being driven. So it’s an area of focus for us. We are going to continue to refine our server business model and we will make the appropriate adjustments around cost structures, form factors and price points and feature sets dependent upon where we see the market going. And – but I think it’s there is a bit of a headwind out there and you saw IDC come in with Q3 market growth, where that was below expectations and you have seen some of the other server competitors having a bit of headwinds in certain areas. And so I think it’s an evolving market. From my perspective, we have not really seen much of an impact from Lenovo. You never want to underestimate a competitor and it’s a tough competitive market, but we generally have not seen sort of anything unusual out there. I don’t know David, if you would add anything on that.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks Tom. Arun, yes let me just add to that. So I think if you just step back and look at servers in general as we said, it was the hyperscale lumpiness that really was the bigger impact to the overall number than what was happening within PowerEdge, PowerEdge being on the mainstream. As Tom said, there is a shift going on and you kind of look at the growth areas and cloud, both public and private is a very big driver of server growth these days. Converged, particularly hyper-converged and as Tom mentioned within a few weeks of closing the transaction, we actually had a new range of VxRail and VxRack converged, hyper-converged systems powered by PowerEdge. We see software defined everything driving server growth, so software defined storage, software defined networking. So we see some growth opportunities there and also things like security, where again with things like analytics and big data driving servers in that area. So we do see a shift going on. I think we are actually now better positioned to lead into that shift than we were before we came together. And as Tom said, the overall results is the transition that we are seeing in the marketplace right now. And I think everybody is kind of in the same boat to a certain extent. I think we are actually executing quite well, particularly against our traditional competition.
Arun Seshadri: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then maybe a follow-up for David, as far as storage itself, the right way to think about this is with all the integration process and the various changes, maybe you have a couple of quarters of sort of year-over-year similar trends as you saw in this quarter and then really hopefully a pickup beyond that, is that sort of the right way to think about that legacy EMC?
David Goulden: Yes. I mean clearly, we did see some impacts in the quarter from coming together. Actually we did a remarkably good job for the prior few quarters actually showing no impact, but always on the quarterly close of transaction like this, sellers get a little defocused, customers are asking a few more questions and we saw that through. What I would encourage you to do is not to read too much into the IDC data. I think that’s the kind of data point people may be looking at for Q3 performance. Just to kind of clarify what happens there is IDC is counting everything product revenue on a calendar quarter basis. Now obviously with us closing the transaction and essentially going private, we significantly changed the way that we convert or don’t convert orders into revenue at the end of the calendar quarter. So our results, which IDC reports are revenue results were impacted by that additional factor. And then of course the things I mentioned, which was the impact of the transaction close, integration process and I think this caused a pause in our customer base. If you kind of look through that lens just one more level down, basically the trend of growth rates of storage and all of our competitors basically unchanged. And in fact, the entire change in market growth from Q2 to Q3 in storage is really attributed to this thought we saw in the EMC customer base. So don’t read too much into that. There is a few factors going in, but I think that the way you characterize it Arun, is right. So obviously, we are going through a period of integration. We bring our sales forces together in fiscal ‘18. That will actually accelerate things once we complete that process in the VM terminal, short terminal cause a little bit of a pause for us. So we do see that happening. We think we are actually exceptionally well positioned from a portfolio point of view, but inevitably we have got a few moving parts here.
Arun Seshadri: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Jarman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Frank Jarman: Great. Thanks Tom and Tyler. I am going to ask a question and Scott Wipperman will ask a follow-up if that’s good. So I wanted to focus, you guys have provided a lot of color with regards to the top line stories, so thank you for that. But wanted to focus on the synergy story, which in my view is probably equally important, you have talked about the $2 billion of merger synergies that you are targeting by mid-March 2018 and then the $1 billion of standalone cost synergies that you have been executing at Dell and EMC, so can you guys just give us an update on where you stand with regards to the run-rate? I know you are still early into the transaction, but obviously, we would like to get an update there.
Tom Sweet: Yes. Hey, it’s Tom. So look, the simple story is that we are generally on track there, right? So, we have been very focused on that. The leadership is behind it. Actions are happening. And so while I am not going to parse it for you, I would tell you that we are generally on track with where we thought we would be at this stage. So I think good progress there even as we are balancing, making sure that as we integrate these businesses that the synergy actions that we are driving are not disruptive to the overall value creation story that we are focused on.
Frank Jarman: So, as I think about that, that $1 billion that obviously is sort of more near-term, I mean, should we think of that as effectively already reflected in the numbers? How much should we expect with regards to a tailwind in 2017?
Tom Sweet: Well, look, we don’t give guidance. So let me start with that and it’s not reflected in the numbers at this stage given that some of these synergy actions are scheduled to happen now between – have started to happen and will continue to happen over the next between now and the next 8 to 12 months. So, it will feather in during 2017, but you aren’t seeing a fair amount of the actions flow-through at this point.
David Goulden: Now, Tom, I think the question was actually to do with the $1 billion of synergies in the baseline.
Tom Sweet: Yes, I am sorry.
David Goulden: The $2 billion of future synergies.
Tom Sweet: Yes. On the ones that are already that are the standalone synergies I should say, I mean, those have been actions and are flowing through the P&L. So, it’s hard to see it, because I mean, you have got so many unusual items flowing through the P&L right now. It’s a tough read so to speak, but those are on track. So I apologize, I misunderstood your question.
Frank Jarman: No worries.
Scott Wipperman: Hey, this is Scott Wipperman. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question as well. Just as a follow-up to Frank’s question, can you maybe just talk somewhat related but on the working capital performance and how we should be thinking about that as you proceed with integration, particularly where are you in terms of getting the EMC business on the Dell supplier and payment terms and how should we be kind of thinking about that process over the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Tom Sweet: Look, I think we made good progress there. Tyler, why don’t you – perhaps you can take this question since you are the guy that asked to run this for me. So, why don’t you take?
Tyler Johnson: I can do that. Yes, look, hey, Scott. Look, we are making great progress on that. I mean, it was really a step process that we had kicked off prior to close in terms of just kind of getting everything positioned and then we were able to work and implement very quickly. So, some of this is going to gradually come in. You will see some benefit in Q4 and then some probably over the course of Q1, Q2, but I would say in terms of everything we were trying to achieve, we are well on target.
Scott Wipperman: Okay, great. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff [indiscernible] with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. First, I was wondering if you would break out the Dell legacy either storage or ISG revenues? And then just on EMC, can you just talk a little more about what you are seeing with a lot of the new products, the new emerging storage solutions as well as the declines in traditional overall? And in the past, you talked about some increase in unshipped orders, deferring revenues, how are you looking at orders and backlog?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jeff. Let me take the first question and then I will ask David to take the – with how are we seeing from the new storage platforms and products. So look, we are not going to breakout legacy form factors and platforms on a go-forward basis. So, I am going to decline to do that. I will tell you I do want to make sure everybody understands the nuances us in the business model as we go forward and then David can jump in and take the form factors. But what we have asked the leadership team to do, particularly David, is given the fact that they are converting from a calendar to a fiscal quarter is that we are running the model from a cash efficiency perspective in many respects. And so David alluded to it around the end of natural calendar quarter that our guidance to that team was look, I don’t want to burn working capital to drive shipments out on a September 30 date unless a customer needs it, that could otherwise naturally shift the first couple of weeks of October and therefore be able to fulfill that order in a timely fashion, but in a more efficient and cost effective fashion. And so you are going to see us continue to evolve the business models in areas like that, but that’s just more from a cash efficiency perspective even as we transition from a calendar to a fiscal quarter. So David, you want to jump in and talk a little bit about what you are seeing in some of the storage dynamics that are going on right now?
David Goulden: Yes, thanks, Tom. Jeff, absolutely. You asked about the legacy Dell Storage in part of your question there. The SC series actually do very nicely during the quarter and actually gained share very important, because we have two very strong platforms in the mid-tier Unity from ex-EMC, SC from ex-Dell, and good news is that we are committed and building out both of them as they are both early in the new off-cycle for both platforms. So, that was good. We did some cross integration with some of the EMC technologies for the SC customers. Relative to the bigger picture, the trends that we talked about for prior periods really are holding strong. In storage, the bigger shift, particularly for the higher end is the move to all-flash systems. And for the calendar quarter, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our demand or bookings for the all-flash portfolio on the legacy EMC side were in the very high double-digit growth and we had a nearly $2.5 billion run-rate for those all-flash platforms, which is more than 2x our closest competitor. And we continue to convert other things to all-flash. So, you heard us at Dell EMC World introduce an all-flash version of our Isilon Scale-Out file system that will start shipping next year. So, the whole portfolio is shifting to all-flash and all-flash is growing exceptionally well that even though we are 2x and sometimes 3x and 4x bigger than our competitors. We are actually growing at a pretty similar rate, which is really quite impressive. And then the other thing that’s being important on the ex-EMC side is this move to converged and hyper-converged, which continues to go exceptionally well. And as I mentioned on the hyper-converged side, we can now bring together solutions that are entirely Dell Technologies IP and that’s one of the real benefits and we saw both the VxRail is doing exceptionally well, but also the Dell XC Series growing triple-digits. So to answer your question, I think the things that we are going to focus upon from a growth point of view continued to do as well, in some cases, better than they did before we came together.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And just my follow-up, the client solutions operating margin was externally strong and I am just wondering what drove that and how higher DRAM prices may affect your margin or ability to increase prices, etcetera?
Tom Sweet: Hey, Jeff. Look, I mean, I thought the CSG business had just an extraordinarily strong quarter and I thought they did a nice job on pricing discipline. I thought that in terms of execution of the business model in terms of attached and positioning within the market, they did a nice job. The cost environment clearly was helpful in the sense of some of the component cost dynamics within the quarter. And so my comment to you, Jeff, is that we have generally talked about that operating margin in that business generally being targeted to sort of run in that approximate 5% sort of op inc range. And I think over the long-term, that’s where you see that business. So, I do think it was a little bit of both what our expectations were in terms of profitability, but obviously we are going to take that. That was driven, so that favorability was generally driven by component cost, the pricing, the ability not to price that all the way through and we also had that vendor settlement. So, I don’t want to gloss over that. We did have that vendor settlement that helped related to some past activity. As we think about the environment going forward from a cost perspective, there are some dynamics happening and we are seeing some pressures around certain cost component items. I mean, I think the real question is, is that as we get cost pressure can we adjust the pricing activities to our cost models to ensure that we uphold the margins? And so that’s our job and that’s our activity that we are focused on. So, while we might have some fluctuations, I do think that we will adjust our pricing appropriately to take into account any of the cost dynamics that we are seeing in the marketplace. And I think that cost environment will over the next couple of quarters will be a bit more challenging, I think.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Wamsi Mohan: Thank you. Good morning and congrats on getting through the first quarter here of combined Dell EMC. So two questions, one on the client side, how are you viewing market growth outlook into 2017 and can you maybe share some of your view on how the current levels of channel inventory, are there some thoughts that 3Q had some uptick? And then on the storage side, David, I think you mentioned external service, you mentioned hyperscale lumpiness, any color on regionally where you saw that and do you think we are going to see a couple of orders of parts here or just episodic from a large customer or two? Thank you.
Tom Sweet: Wamsi, would you repeat the first part of that question for me please, on the client?
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. No problem. I was just wondering how you are viewing the market outlook into 2017 on the client side and what your view is on the current level of channel inventory, I think there was some concern that 3Q saw an uptick in channel inventory, so just wanted to get your thoughts around that?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, I think IDC would tell you that market next year is supposed to be roughly a minus 2 market. That seems relatively consistent with what we are hearing from our supply base at this point of time. Obviously, our focus is always on growing faster than the market, but I think what you are seeing as a gradual improvement in the PC market after hitting the trough, if you will, last year, beginning to see a better PC market in the second half of this year than the first half. And I think that trend continues on a marginal basis if you will next year. So our focus again is always going to be on outperforming the market and continuing to take share in the commercial space even as we grow our footprint. From a channel inventory perspective and by the way, the other thing you should think about next year is that we have had lots of conversations and you folks have asked a number of times around how do we think about Win 10 and what’s the dynamic out there with some of the new processors that are coming online. We are long-term bullish on Win 10, but I think our expectations on when we might see a refresh cycle are probably a bit more muted and probably more towards the second half of next year than the first half. But given everything we are seeing, there is lots of interest with lots of commercial customers doing pilots and thinking their way through implementation strategies there, but we haven’t actually seen or we have been able to attribute, I should say significant buying patterns changes as a result of Win 10 at this point in time. The industry continues to consolidate and I think IDC would report that the top three vendors had something like 59% shares at the end of Q3. We expect that that consolidation trend to continue, which I think is helpful for us and perhaps some of our larger competitors. So look I mean I think the dynamics that are setting up for next year look a lot like the end of this year and it’s up to us to just go execute to that marketplace. From a channel inventory perspective, maybe some increase in channel inventory, some selling by certain competitors into the – in Q3. Some of that as you know, would be normal selling related to the holiday season. Others of that are perhaps selling uncertain, lower value mobility products. From our own perspective, our channel inventories are right in line with where we run them historically. And so we are focused on executing our business model. So that would be my comments on the client and then David, maybe you can talk about the hyper...
David Goulden: Wamsi, I think you – hyperscale, I think you mentioned storage. I am sure you mentioned. The hyperscale business by definition because you are selling to a relatively small number of well-known household names, how is this lumpy factor and where there is a big boost from that segment last quarter so it’s not surprising to see of course, that segment this quarter. I think we are going to see that kind of on, off type of spending occurring for the foreseeable future. In terms of geo focus, so I think people know who these hyper players are. Most of them are in the North American marketplace, but there are some people in that category in Asia and China. So the impact would really follow the geo mix of those players, which is still buys more heavily to North America than the other segments.
Wamsi Mohan: Alright.
Rob Williams: Great. Thanks Wamsi. Regina, let’s take one more question.
Operator: We will take our final question from the line of Jason Kilgariff with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kilgariff: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Unfortunately, another one left on my list is a tough one and I think actions speak lot than words, but I will start out there anyway. Michael Dell was interviewed on Bloomberg Television in the quarter and made a comment about Dell being part of further consolidation in the IT industry and I don’t think anyone was surprised by that per se, but I think his follow-up comment that you guys currently have the financial capacity to make that happen, took me a little bit by surprise, so I would be curious to hear your thoughts on that and maybe how we should think about that relative to the commitment to debt pay down?
Tom Sweet: Yes. Look, I think what you heard to Michael really talk about is the fact that we continued to be mindful of what’s happening in the industry right now and there is a long-term consolidation turn happening. There is no doubt. It’s evidenced by what we are talking about today. Look, from a financial capacity perspective, that’s a combination I haven’t specifically talked to him about that comment. But from my perspective, we have an ownership structure that if there was an opportunity out there that makes sense to us, if there is incremental equity available to us from a leverage perspective and a debt perspective, it’s not our intent to lever the balance sheet. But if something ever were to come up that there is more leverage available out there in the market, it comes out of cost and you have to think about your long-term leverage ratings or credit ratings. But look, I mean we are focused right now on executing the integration that we have on hand and we – that’s a multi-year journey given the size and complexity of that and we got to do that in way that is focused on our customers and ensuring that we deliver the right capabilities and services to our customers. And so I will leave it at that, but I suggest you guys should – I think what Michael said is pretty consistent with what Michael said in the past, which is he is going to continue to be interested in what’s happening in the market and as evidenced by what we have done in the last few years.
Jason Kilgariff: Great. Thanks.
Rob Williams: Okay. Thanks Jason. That’s going to wrap the call today. The Investor Relations team will be available for follow-up today and tomorrow and next week. So, please give us a ring if you need some additional follow-up and we will be at Consumer Electronics Show in January. So hope to see several of you there. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-20 14:45:00) =====
Executives: Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Denis G. Cashman - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure
Analysts: Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC James Kisner - Jefferies LLC Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Q1 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP, Global Investor Relations of EMC. Sir, you may begin.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2016. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; EMC's CFO, Denis Cashman; and David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure CEO. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Due to the pending transaction with Dell, we have made some changes to our call format and content. In an effort to improve the efficiency of the call today, we are streamlining our presentation and voluntary disclosures. EMC will also not be providing expectations for company financial results. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation, unless otherwise indicated. A reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today's press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Finally, this call does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any vote or approval. The proposed transaction will be submitted to the shareholders of EMC for their consideration. In connection with the proposed transaction, Denali Holding Inc. has filed with the SEC, a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that includes a preliminary proxy statement and prospectus regarding the proposed transaction. After the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, a definitive proxy statement and prospectus will be mailed to each EMC shareholder entitled to vote at the special meeting in connection with the proposed transaction. Investors are urged to read the proxy statement and prospectus in its entirety, and other filings made by Dell and EMC as they contain important information about the proposed transaction. Investors may obtain copies of the proxy statement and prospectus and other documents filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction at the SEC's website or from EMC's website. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be deemed participants in such solicitation is set forth in the proxy statement and prospectus filed with the SEC. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tony. I would like to begin by welcoming everyone to our Q1 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. This morning, I would like to give you some color around the quarter and provide a brief update on the progress of our pending merger with Dell. We had a solid quarter in Q1. We achieved non-GAAP EPS of $0.31 on revenues of $5.5 billion. These results were generally in line with our expectations when adjusted for an excess of unfulfilled orders due to their late receipt in the quarter. It is useful to put our performance in the context of macro industry trends. As I have commented on previously, we saw several broad and secular IT trends reshaping our industry. Work forces are becoming increasingly mobile. There is an explosion of data from connected smart device as sensors and telemetry are being built into every imaginable product. Companies are embarking on digital transformations to exploit this ever increasing amount of data, get more connected with their customers, employees, and suppliers. Enterprises are accelerating their deployments of hybrid cloud architectures across their private, managed and public clouds. And IT security and privacy has become board level issues and front page news. Clearly, we are seeing a new wave of cyber security carding and increasingly pervasive advanced threats. These secular trends are pretty much playing out as we expected. The good news is we recognized the trends early and have made significant investments in a series of growth platforms over the past several years. I am pleased to report that many of these growth platforms are increasingly gaining momentum in the market. Products like XtremIO, converged infrastructure, NSX, AirWatch, RSA Security Analytics and Pivotal Cloud Foundry are leaders in their categories and are experiencing rapid growth. In short, we feel very good about the depth and breadth of our product portfolio. I would now like to say a few words about each of our businesses. Pivotal enjoyed a very strong quarter with continued customer momentum. Pivotal's modeling cloud platform and analytic solutions, combined with its agile, cloud-based software development capabilities are making a real difference to the digital transformation journey of some of the world's largest customers. Two that I can mention are Allstate Insurance and Volkswagen, where Pivotal had major wins in the quarter. VMware continues to execute on its exciting multi-device, multi-cloud strategy. As Pat mentioned on their call yesterday, VMware's end user computing, NSX and DCM businesses are all growing nicely. VMware's strategy is at the center of where the future of IT is heading, and I am pleased with the progress they are making. EMC II had a strong quarter in a number of their product lines, including Data Protection and Isilon, which grew nicely on the back of recent product refreshes, with their converged infrastructure business, which continues to expand strong double-digit growth. With XtremIO, which remains a clear leader in the all-flash market; with their software defined storage products including Elastic Cloud Storage for objects and ScaleIO for block storage; and with VxRail, which experienced very strong demand after it was introduced in February. VxRail is a great example of a strong partnership between EMC II and VMware. Additionally, I am pleased to report that EMC II will be making major new product announcements at EMC World in two weeks. These announcements will cover a number of areas, but one important theme will be geared towards extending EMC II's lead in the all-flash primary storage market. And finally, we saw outstanding market acceptance for Virtustream's mission-critical managed cloud solutions. Collectively, we are confident in our outlook for the U.S. for the year for both our growth products and our enhanced traditional products. Importantly, as Denis will describe later, our expense reduction programs are showing excellent results with more to come. Let me now turn to an update on our merger with Dell. The combination of EMC and Dell creates a powerhouse in the IT industry with approximately $80 billion in revenues. And the best news is that customers and partners are overwhelmingly positive. They see that we will have the breadth of products and technologies critical to their key strategic needs around digital transformation, hybrid cloud, converged infrastructure, mobile and security. Progress on integration planning has accelerated in the past 90 days. Our Value Creation and Integration Office led by Howard Elias from EMC and Rory Reid from Dell has developed detailed integration plans to assure we hit the ground running when the merger closes. Recently, Michael Dell announced his new leadership team with a number of our executives being tapped to have prominent roles in the new company. I am very proud of this. We continue to make progress towards closing this transaction. We have received antitrust approvals from the U.S., the European Union, Canada, Japan, Australia and many other countries around the world. China is the remaining country where regulatory approval is required. We are working aggressively on finalizing the S-4 with the SEC so we can get to a shareholder vote ASAP. We expect this transaction will close under the original terms and in the originally announced timeframe. I am more convinced than ever that our combination with Dell is a great strategic option for our shareholders, customers, partners and people. I am very proud of the nearly 70,000 talented and dedicated people across the EMC family of companies. Despite all the distractions and a volatile economy, they worked diligently along with our valued partners, and focused intently on our customers and their needs. My deepest thanks to all of you. With that, let me now turn the call over to Denis.
Denis G. Cashman - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call today. With over 27 years at EMC, I have been part of an exciting journey of growth and evolution as EMC has become an IT leader. During this time, the EMC finance organization has also become absolutely world-class. As the new CFO, I am honored to be leading such a great finance team. Now turning to our consolidated results. I will discuss performance in the quarter and provide some additional detail on Pivotal, VMware and EMC Information Infrastructure. As Joe mentioned, the IT spending environment continues to be challenging that it's having a meaningful impact across enterprise tech. EMC continues to perform better relative to many of our peers due to our strategy and solid execution by the extended team across the organization. I want to take this opportunity, too, to commend and thank them for all their efforts. Our quarter one consolidated revenue totaled $5.5 billion and EPS was $0.31. This quarter, our regional results were once again impacted by currency fluctuations. Consolidated revenue in North America was down 3% year-over-year. EMEA was down 1% as reported and up 2% on a constant currency basis. APJ rose 2% year-over-year, as reported, and up 4% in constant currency. Latin America was down 14%, as reported, and down 4% in constant currency. Overall, international revenues were down 1% versus last year and up 3% in constant currency. Looking at the quarterly results for our three major businesses. Pivotal grew revenue 56% year-over-year. We are pleased to report over 200% in year-over-year growth in annualized recurring revenue, with total annualized recurring revenue of $116 million, up 11% sequentially. Pivotal had tremendous customer momentum followed by the signing of a long-term strategic collaboration with one of the world's largest financial institutions. Importantly, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, the world's most powerful continuous innovation cloud platform, recently expanded their technical and go-to-market partnerships with major cloud providers Google, Microsoft and Cisco to accompany existing partnerships with Amazon Web Services, VMware and OpenStack-based cloud. VMware revenue was up 5% year-over-year and up 6% in constant currency. An important data point is that standalone vSphere license bookings were less than 35% of total license bookings as VMware successfully diversifies its product portfolio. There were a number of other VMware highlights this quarter, in particular within emerging parts of the business such as End-User Computing, network virtualization and Hyper-Converged Software. In quarter one, end-user computing license bookings grew in the mid-teens year-over-year, and total customer count increased to over 63,000. There was also continued strength with VMware's NSX network virtualization solution. NSX quarter one license bookings were up over 100% versus last year. NSX now has over 1,400 customers with nearly 350 of these in production. EMC and Dell also announced new distribution options for VMware's Hyper-Converged Software offering, including the February launch of VxRail and the April announcement that Dell would also be reselling VxRail. And finally, EMC II revenue was $3.8 billion, down 6% year-over-year and down 4% in constant currency. The Storage business within EMC II was also down 6% year-over-year and down 4% in constant currency. The spending environment continues to be challenging as customers focus more on transformative IT projects while also minimizing transactional spend. This customer behavior is impacting our traditional business in the near-term. However, the major trends in IT remain intact, and we are having positive discussions with customers regarding how EMC and eventually, the combination of Dell and EMC, can help them with their IT and digital transformation. In addition, we expect that our exciting line-up of new and refreshed products will be very successful, and we are encouraged by the fast start in products like All Flash VMAX, VxRail and DSSD, and there is more coming at EMC World. David will provide more details on our Information Infrastructure business in a few minutes. Looking at our consolidated income statement. In quarter one, we are pleased that consolidated gross margin was 61.4%, up 10 basis points versus quarter one last year. This was a very good result in a challenging environment. Consolidated operating expense was down 2% year-over-year. Within this, EMC II's operating expense was down 8% versus last year due to expense control efforts by the team. While there were a few puts and takes on a year-over-year basis, the net is that EPS was flat at $0.31. We returned $227 million to shareholders via dividend in quarter one. Free cash flow was $588 million for the quarter. We ended the quarter on plan with $15 billion in total cash and investments, with $6.7 billion of this being EMC cash excluding VMware. We are on track with the $850 million cost reduction and business transformation plans we announced last year. As we have mentioned previously, most of the aggregate cost reductions will be coming over time in several targeted areas, including direct materials and manufacturing, process simplification, and integration and third-party spend. These programs reduce our costs and will also result in improved working capital. For example, as part of our lab transformation initiative, we launched a centralized process to increase utilization of lab equipment. This program prioritizes virtualizing workloads onto our common engineering cloud, while also improving the utilization of lab equipment across the company. As part of our IT transformation initiative, we have a program addressing telecom cost that is using technology differently to enable our ever-growing mobile workforce, while also generating cash savings today. We are making great progress across many initiatives such as these, and I want to thank the team for all their efforts in identifying and enabling these improvements. In conclusion, our portfolio of Pivotal, VMware and EMC II plus Virtustream makes EMC an industry leader. Once we close the transaction and combine our portfolio and go-to-market strengths with Dell's offerings and distribution channel, we will be one of the most formidable companies in IT, which will bring significant value to our people, stakeholders and customers. With that, I will now turn the call over to David to discuss the EMC Information Infrastructure business. David?
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Thank you, Denis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had an exciting start to the year with major product launches in the first quarter that will set the tone for us for the rest of the year. In Q1, we significantly expanded our all-flash portfolio with the launch of VMAX All Flash, our industry-leading, high-end enterprise storage platform re-architected to take full advantage of large capacity SSDs; and the launch of DSSD, an industry first, rack-scale flash platform with Quantum Leap performance for next-generation workloads. We also introduced our new, next-generation, hyper-converger appliance family, VxRail. VxRail represents a key partnership between EMC and VMware that's well positioned to disrupt the fast-growing hyper-converged markets. The initial customer response to all these launches has been tremendous. More on this later. While our innovative market-leading portfolio bodes well for the future, today, we are still operating in an overall market environment that is pressured by cautious transactional spending. As we've discussed before, the overall market continues to show opposing behaviors. While businesses accelerate their adoption of newer storage technologies to drive their IT transformations, they remain cautious about their transactional spending, including traditional standalone storage. As a result, these counteracting spending behaviors pressure the overall growth of the markets. Against this market backdrop, our overall storage was down 6% in Q1 and down 4% in constant currency. The continued customer caution in transactional spending resulted in a very late quarter and a higher than anticipated buildup of unfulfilled orders as compared to Q1 last year. Normalizing for the higher level of unfulfilled orders, overall storage was down 2% in constant currency, which was in line with our revenue expectations for Q1. As our customers continue to prioritize between their transformational and their transactional spending, we believe that IT transformation initiatives will focus on building modern day defenses based on flash, scale-out, software-defined, cloud-enabled and trusted technologies. To enable this IT transformation for our customers, we've been actively transforming our storage portfolio well ahead of our peers to capitalize on this next wave of IT. Our newer storage technologies are growing very well, and we enjoy much higher market share in these areas than our overall share. These include all-flash, scale-out file and objects, converged infrastructure, purpose-built backup appliances, and software defined storage. We believe that 2016 is the year of all-flash for primary storage as we reached a point where it can cost less to store data entirely on flash rather than performance hard drives. Our all-flash array, XtremIO, had a great 2015, gaining share, and according to IDC, in Q4 2015, XtremIO had over 40% market share and was almost three times the size of its closest competitor. This momentum continued in Q1 with demand for XtremIO plus the VMAX All Flash up more than 100%. DSSD, our rack-scale flash offering, delivers an order of magnitude improvement in performance, latency and bandwidth for next-generation workloads and started to ship in Q1. This is very exciting. And we'll continue to strengthen our all-flash portfolio with the launch of a new flash-optimized mid-tier storage family in the next few weeks. In scale-out file and objects, the demand for Isilon, our scale-out file platform, plus ECS, our software defined object platform, was up more than 20% in Q1. Isilon continues to win against traditional file systems with unique scale-out file system and native Hadoop support. In fact, Isilon helped us win over, a top five global account from one of our largest traditional competitors where the customer completely replaced their entire traditional file infrastructure with 45 petabytes of Isilon. In the purpose-built backup appliances space, Data Domain continues to lead the market with a Q4 2015 market share of over 60%, up four points year-on-year based on the latest data from IDC. And demand for Data Domain was up 20% in Q1. Now turning to our converged infrastructure portfolio of blocks, racks and appliances. In blocks, according to IDC's latest report, in Q4 2015, we had over 36% market share in the integrated infrastructure system space, up 9 points year-on-year, and our market share was almost two times our closest competitor. In racks, our VxRack platform, powered by ScaleIO, was ahead of plan in Q1, while in the appliances space, the initial response to VxRail has been fantastic as the formidable EMC go-to-market engine and channel presence helped to sell VxRail appliances in 37 countries in less than 45 days after launch. Our industry-leading converged infrastructure portfolio addresses the increasing customer preference of buy versus build, and the combined demand for this portfolio grew more than 20% in Q1. Our momentum in converged infrastructure is poised to accelerate even further with the recently announced resell agreements with Dell that will enable us to significantly expand the market reach for our VxRack and VxRail platforms. Converged infrastructure provide the building blocks for our engineered cloud solutions such as the Enterprise Hybrid Cloud and the Business Data Lake to help our customers drive their business transformation initiatives. For example, when one of Europe's leading financial institutions wanted to transform their legacy IT to a modern data center, they chose to partner with EMC. We positioned a phased approach to a fully orchestrated and automated cloud platform starting with converged infrastructure with Vblocks and by virtualizing most of their legacy infrastructure. Some of the key technologies purchased were Vblocks based upon VMAX All Flash, VMware vCloud Suite and Data Domain for backup and recovery capabilities. The next phase of their IT transformation will target our full enterprise hybrid cloud solution. This customer also chose to deploy Pivotal Cloud Foundry to add an agile application development platform to support their business transformation initiatives. Stay tuned as we announce a brand-new engineered solution in a few weeks that leverages our Pivotal portfolio plus additional cloud-native technologies from EMC and VMware. In our Cloud Services business, demand for the Virtustream Enterprise Cloud grew more than 50% in Q1 as we continue to gain traction with mission-critical workloads. For example, Virtustream won a major multimillion dollar cloud Infrastructure-as-a-Service project in Q1 with one of the world's largest agricultural conglomerates. We'll have more exciting announcements around Virtustream in the next few weeks. In RSA, demand for its growth portfolio was up nicely, led by Security Analytics where product demand was up over 20%. Our Enterprise Content business continued to execute well and deliver profitable growth. License demand was up over 15%, and demand for the Documentum as a service managed cloud grew over 70% in Q1. In closing, I'd like to thank the EMC team, our partners and our customers for their continued support. We are very encouraged by the increasing customer adoption of our modern data center technologies to underpin both their IT and digital business transformations. We're looking forward to a great EMC World, with many more exciting new announcements, some of which I've pointed to in my comments today. Looking forward, our proposed combination with Dell will enable us to become a larger, even more strategic partner for our customers and partners. With that, I will turn the call back to Tony for Q&A. Tony?
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you, all, for your cooperation in this matter. Nicole, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer. You may now ask your question.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Hi, guys, and thanks for the question. A couple for me. One on the – David, with regards to the product revenue in storage, you're down 10% on a year-over-year basis. Do you see a bottom in this or do you think this is a year where double-digit decline in your product core is something we should expect? And also, just as a tweak to that, the VMAX All-Flash array, why did you feel you need something like this? Does it suggest that customers are not interested in XtremIO? Why is this product needed?
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Hi, Ittai. Joe, you want to start off with a couple comments about the overall environment for 2016? And maybe I can follow up specifically about this Q1 storage product revenue.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, maybe I'll start in a little bit different place. I think that if you look at the – one of the things that I think we should probably have gotten through maybe in our prepared remarks, so I'll do it now, is when we originally filed the S-4, we put some early views in of 2016. And as always, we looked at the environment and, of course, as always, the board has given us a plan that which – an approved plan for 2016, and I want to assure everybody this plan is a growth plan. It calls for year-on-year revenue growth over 2015, year-on-year non-GAAP EPS growth, and very importantly, year-on-year free cash flow growth. The – in my opinion, out of all of the secular – there's secular things that happen and cyclical things that happen in any business, but the biggest – if you're in a product business, the biggest factor you face is product cycles. And obviously, the main engine of – one of the main engines of growth and profitability in all of EMC is what we do in primary storage. And David will take this in a second, but that is subject to significant product cycles. So when the board gave us our plan for the year, we – that's why I said in my remarks that we basically, if you adjust for the lateness of the quarter and the build-up of unfulfilled orders, we basically hit exactly what our plan was. And in that plan, we assumed that we – as we knew that we had to face some major product launches and cycles. But it's really exciting and, of course, I wanted to make sure you knew that this was a growth year, and I think that answers, Ittai, the heart of your question. I'll let David give you the details.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: So, Ittai, let me pick up on that. So let's start with your first question, the storage product revenue down 10% for the quarter. Let me make a couple of comments about that. First of all, it was impacted by FX through a couple points. So that takes it down to 8%. The year-on-year backlog change actually made a four-point difference to the growth rate. The year-on-year backlog change is slightly more than the $75 million that Denis mentioned in his remarks, because I'm talking now year-on-year. That made a four-point difference in growth rate. So normalized for FX and normalized for the build-up in unfulfilled orders or backlog, it's actually down 4% year-on-year. The first comment I'd make is that's actually an improvement from Q4 when you make the same adjusting factors. Part of that improvement is driven by the product cycle that Joe talked about. Now the product cycle, we're in a very early stage of the product cycle for the major products of VMAX and VNX. VMAX, we just announced the VMAX All Flash in the middle of Q1. That's a game changer. I'll come back at the end and explain why we needed that in (30:25) XtremIO. We have a major new mid-tier announcement at EMC World. I'll save the details, but that will be the start of a new cycle for where the traditional VNX plays. So you've got early product cycles that are going to be very exciting for both VMAX and VNX. And then the other things that we've just announced recently that are gaining steam, VxRail, DSSD, VxRack, are small but starting to grow in Q1, and then as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've seen great growth in the quarter from some of the engines that are important, so XtremIO, Isilon, Data Domain, Vblocks, ECS, ScaleIO. So you pull all that together and we always knew that Q1 would be the lowest point of our growth cycle, and I think that answers your question quite directly. And again, the minus 10%, you really need to think of it as a minus 4% when you normalize it for the FX and for the backlog change. So that's kind of the story around how we expect the year to progress, and as Joe said, our storage growth, our revenue growth was in line with our expectations for Q1 when you normalize it for the high level of backlog. Now, to your last question, the VMAX All Flash, it's all about having a portfolio. XtremIO, as I mentioned, is doing exceptionally well. We gained market share last year. We're three times our closest competitor. But there are a range of workloads that VMAX – sorry, that XtremIO cannot directly address. So things like mainframe connectivity, things like mix file and block, very large port counts, multi-site replication with zero RPO, RTO. So it makes a lot of sense to have a portfolio, and VMAX All Flash is absolutely a game changer. We've made a big thing of it at the launch in London. The analysts who were out there understand the difference, and we and our customers are very excited about it. So just like we run a portfolio play traditionally, we'll run a portfolio play in the all flash space as well.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you. Can we move on to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jayson Noland of Robert Baird and Company. You may now ask your question.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you. David, the AFA market seems to have accelerated here recently. Love to hear you talk about AFA versus disk on-premise, Tier 1 data versus Tier 2 data going forward. Is there a place for disk? And then, Joe, is – do you have any role in the combined company? I'm sure Michael would love to have you on board.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Well, I will certainly leave that second one to Joe, Jayson. I'll answer the first one. So we do believe – and we said that for primary storage, think of it for transactional applications – we believe this is the year where we're going to move the vast majority of all new system shifts to all-flash, and we're going to lead the industry in that trend. The real tipping point here is some of the technology advances, in particular, the advents of some of the 3D NAND Flash technology working at one write per day with very large capacity drives. If you mirror that up with a high-performance platform like the VMAX, and obviously you can incorporate that technology in all the all-flash, that really is the tipping point where you can effectively get a customer into an all-flash system at the same or slightly lower dollar per gigabyte than the effective dollar per gigabyte for a hard disk drive system, but then they get all the additional benefits of easier management, lower footprint space, lower power and cooling, et cetera. So the TCO equation for a customer is very compelling. Having said that, persistent data still has a very cost-effective equation being on these large capacity hard disk drives, and we see them being out there for many years to come in the persistent data category. So it will still be a question of and. But we believe that in primary storage, we're going to move industry rapidly to all-flash for the vast majority of new systems. We expect to do that throughout the course of this year.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Jayson, I'm going to punt a little bit, and this is – and then I'm going to tell you the absolute truth. To me, this is all about making sure it's a good deal for our customers, our shareholders and our people, and they're all priority number one to me. And it's not about me. I have a lot of energy left, I'm going to continue to work doing different things. Potential that I could help advise Michael, but I just don't want to go there yet, and Michael and I have not gone there yet. I could tell you, we're working incredibly well together and I have tremendous respect for Michael. (35:17) relationship more respectful, and I'm just going to – I'm just not going to – I'm just not making myself part of this process or a condition of any factor in this process. It's all about shareholders, customers, people. Our people.
Jayson A. Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks, Joe.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks. Can we go to the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Aaron Rakers of Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go through the product portfolio again on the storage side. And what I wanted – I was wondering if you could just help me understand kind of the continued decline that you've seen in your storage gross margin. As you make these migrations to these emerging product categories, is EMC either becoming more cost competitive in the market to drive those businesses or is there another reason that we continue to see kind of this storage gross margin decline? Thank you.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Yeah, let me let Denis start on the margin comment, and then I'll just come back and talk a little bit more about the portfolio, Aaron.
Denis G. Cashman - Chief Financial & Accounting Officer: Yeah. So, just a little background on the gross margin for storage. We were – that's the biggest piece of our gross margin within EMC II. Now, it actually ticked off year-over-year if I back out the impact of software cap. So we are actually pleased with that, and that's as a result of some of the transformational work we're doing with our cost transformation program. So directionally, it was pretty good for quarter one, and we see that progressing for the year.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Yeah. So, Aaron, as Denis said, certainly when you normalize the impact of software cap and you normalize the impact of volumes, because obviously volumes is very important for gross margin, we are actually quite pleased with the way the portfolio is shaping up. And if you think about it and you think about the product side from where we're actually going, we are very encouraged with the margins we're getting on the all-flash versions of our traditional products. And by that, I mean VMAX All Flash still in the early stages, but the ramp-up is going nicely and the gross margins are good. We expect to see that in the new mid-tier as well. And then if you think of the products that we've classically put in the emerging storage bucket, things like XtremIO, Isilon, ECS, ScaleIO, those are good margin products. So we actually see the profile, the mix shift of the storage portfolio actually being helpful to gross margins over time.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein. You may now ask your question.
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. You've talked a lot about this migration from disk to flash. And I was wondering if you could sort of quantify or give some guideline on what you think that ultimate mix is. And also, specifically in the context of VMAX, you've often talked about new products taking three quarters to account for 50% of volume. And again, given that this is a radical change in terms of using flash in a primary array, how should we think about this product transition specifically on VMAX? And then just maybe for Joe, I was wondering if you could just comment on what you're seeing in the U.S. specifically. The growth rate in the U.S. was well below the company average. We've seen that from some other IT vendors as well. And I'm wondering if that's because the – you're seeing less transactional spending or whether the forces of change are more pronounced in the U.S., and so in the interim, there's more pressure on traditional vendors. Thank you.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, let me just start and do a little bit of front end, Toni, and I'll comment on your question you asked of me, and then David can take the meat of it. I would – when I think of the storage market, it's not just disk to flash for primary. It is that, for sure. I mean, I believe the process where you're doing your main transactions for ERP, CRM, HRM, things like billing, anything that you do in a proactive in which your business runs day-to-day is – that will move to flash. There is a persistent side to data, right, long live data, archive, back-up, which will have a role with disk systems for a long time. But think of it also this way. You have this flash moving for primary. You have this cloud storage becoming a factor. And then, of course, as customers buy, they're buying more and more appliances, racks and blocks. So that's a – so you really got to think of all three of those shifts. The shift to flash, the shift to Cloud, the shift to appliances. And as you said, it's been the tradition and it's still happening as sure as I'm sitting here that these transitions are being led in the U.S. And this causes some confusion as we're going through this. I think the great news is, I'm sure as David gives you answer and as you listen to what we say at the end, we're a primary mover and influencer in the primary storage going to flash. We have great plans and activities in the cloud. And then, of course, we are leading in appliances, blocks and racks. So think it's even more broader, this shift, than you think. And that shift is being led in the U.S., and that does cause some confusion. But I – but this confusion is ultimately going to be very good for us. And if you think in a merged company, well actually, when your appliance is racks and blocks, it even makes us stronger. David?
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Sure. So thanks, Toni. So first of all, let me just go back and reinforce how important XtremIO is to us. That is from the ground up, our all-flash scale-out architecture designed for mixed transactional workloads. That's going to continue to be a very important part of the portfolio, a rapidly growing part of the portfolio. And as I said, it's – the market share in Q4 is three times its closest competitor. But, of course, we've learned a lot from that model. And we've really done some exciting things to the VMAX All Flash in terms of how we packaged it, in terms of the VBrick format. It's very easy to build up in modular format. We're actually including a lot of the software titles on an appliance model. The Xtrem, they expect more. The lifetime maintenance guarantee, the lifetime insurance guarantee, et cetera, from XtremIO all apply into that model. So from a technology, a performance, a pricing, a packaging point of view, we've really changed the game with VMAX All Flash. Now, Toni, to your point, where we plan to drive that to, we're obviously early. We've had a few good weeks of experience in the market with the VMAX All Flash. I can tell you that from a goal point of view, by the time we get to year end, we're expecting over 50% of the new VMAX systems that we ship will be all-flash.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you very much.
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley. You may now ask your question.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Joe, you've mentioned that you're waiting on China for regulatory approval of the merger. Have you had any dialogue that gives you insight into their frame of mind or any concerns that they might have, and also on the timing of their decision and what might be delaying it relative to other countries? Thanks.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think it's delayed. China has a three-step process and they're – we are following and working with them on that process. Dell actually has a little bit more of a lead. So it's nothing that I'd say is concerning. But they do have a process and they are following their process.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Nowinski of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thanks for taking the question. I'm wondering if you can give us any more color on VxRail and how it compares to Cisco's new HyperFlex solution, the Nutanix box, meaning, I guess, what do you see as the high level competitive advantages over HyperFlex and Nutanix? Thanks.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Sure, Andrew. VxRail is firstly, a real joint collaboration, exclusive collaboration effort between EMC and VMware. So I would tell you that it takes better advantage of the VMware software capability than anybody else out there. Also, we've done some really neat packaging around the system itself in terms of the modular family range, the entry-level price points. We've basically integrated a lot of EMC storage technology. So, as customers look at it, it's very differentiated, particularly in the VMware environment where it excels. But the inclusion of replication technology, of backup technology from VMware – sorry, from EMC makes it a really powerful combination, and nobody else can offer that kind of combined integrated offering with our set of feature functionality with a single support point. And that's why we think it's a barn buster. We're super excited about it. We've actually – I'm telling you, we've actually taken up our external expectations for it for the year. We had an aggressive set of goals coming out of the gate. We've actually increased those based upon what we're seeing for the first few weeks in the marketplace, and we think we can be in a market-leading position with this technology by the end of next year.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rod Hall of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks for giving me a question, guys. I just had a couple of, I guess, clarifications. One is with regards to this mission-critical switch to all-flash. I know this thing's been asked multiple times, but I think just to give a little bit of clarity to the question, what we've seen are specific data points this quarter that suggested that transition has accelerated. And so I wonder if you guys could very specifically comment on whether you've seen an acceleration this quarter in that transition and then how you think the rate of change moves through the next couple of quarters. I guess what we're all wondering is whether we do see an accelerated move these next couple of quarters toward all-flash and away from mission-critical high RPM drives. And then the second thing I wanted ask is, Joe, just backing up to kind of your bigger picture comments and maybe, David, you, too. We're wondering what's happening with IT spending more broadly, not just storage but broad IT spending thinking amongst you guys' counterparts out there. Obviously, global macro situation still isn't particularly great, but the U.S. seems to be motoring along a little bit better than we thought it would. So I'm just wondering if you can give us any color on what you're hearing from your counterparts. Are they thinking about continuing to slow spending or are they feeling a little better about the overall macro environment? Thanks.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Rod, yeah. Let me start out and talk about the move to all-flash. And again, let's just clarify, this is all-flash for primary storage. There are multiple classes of storage. If you hear us talk about our storage portfolio, we talk about performance optimized storage and capacity optimized storage, we're talking here about the performance optimized storage, that class of storage moving to all-flash. And we believe, again, for new systems shift that 2016 becomes the tipping point. And the tipping point is a combination of the developments of the flash media. Again, I mentioned this 3D NAND technology which gives incredible performance and capacity at much better price points. That really has only become available in the first quarter of this year from some of the flash vendors, and that combined with some of the software enhancements that we and others have made around flash, really, I think changes the point such that the proposition to a customer now on a new system is, hey, for the same price as we could deliver to you, a hybrid system last year, we can give you at the same dollar per gigabyte or maybe slightly less, we can give you an all-flash system. And you don't have to bother about tearing, you don't have to bother about management, the performance is better. The footprint is better. The power and cooling is better. So it really becomes relatively a no-brainer in the primary storage marketplace, and we've done that now for the high end with VMAX. We're going to do that for the mid-tier very, very soon and we'll be announcing that at EMC World. And of course, we've got XtremIO for those applications where, really, all-flash and massive dedupe make a huge difference. So essentially, what's happening this year is in the primary storage marketplace, all-flash has gone from being a very important vector, which works for some applications, to where it can now really apply to all applications that are transactionally intensive, and that's the big shift. So that's going to play out during 2016. It's been a bit of a tidal wave that's coming and now we think that, that wave is going to break up on the shore very much this year. And as I mentioned in answer to one of my prior questions, if you just take the VMAX by itself, by the end of the year, even in that category of systems, we expect over 50% of all new systems shifts. Again, new system shift by the end of the year will be VMAX All Flash as opposed to VMAX hybrid. So that's a pretty drastic shift in a short period of time. And then you look across the entire portfolio, you add together VMAX, you add together the new mid tiers, which will save details for a couple of weeks. And then you look at XtremIO, you put those together and you, clearly, by the end of the year, the significant majority of all systems, shifts, new system shifts, will be in the all-flash configuration. And that's a big shift in the course of 2016 versus 2015.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: On IT spending, you're seeing a shift now. I am convinced that if you really could accurately capture shadow IT and add that to classic IT spend, you'd see bigger increases than being reported. And in shadow IT, you're seeing marketing spend on IT. You're seeing even CEO-driven IT around Internet of Things and new business models. So this is causing a huge burden or kind of angst in this – in the world of the CIO, because basically, he's got to spend on mobile, he's got to spend on his – on their digital transfer, companies or enterprise digital transformation, you've got to spend more on security, you're moving applications to the cloud. And then, of course, you've got to deal with your – you've got to transform and cloudize your older applications. And when you – and so right now, I think you're seeing a bit of a pause in the CIO world as they figure this all out, but I absolutely believe when you – the opportunity for IT in the future is going to accelerate in terms of spending, absolutely believe that.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Kisner of Jefferies. You may now ask your question.
James Kisner - Jefferies LLC: Yes. So, there's been a lot of talk on this call about the forces of change causing delays in customer purchases, but I just want to clarify, is it obvious to you from your customer conversations that this is not due to any kind of mounting concerns around the strength of the global economy at all? I mean, can that also be weighing on customer spending? Thanks.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, absolutely, the economy is a factor. But I think this next wave of growth – and any company, any company is going to be more IT-driven than it was in the past. So it kind of – this is part of the digital transformation that every company and every enterprise, every government has got to go through. And how well they go through that transformation and become more digital, rediscover the art of writing software, become more software-enabled in their business processes and products, that's going to define how successful those companies are going to be. So we're – that's a huge change, but this is the biggest change that's the most disruptive, as I said before, and the most opportunity-rich that I've seen in my career in IT.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: And then just to pick up on that, James, I mean, what that translates to for CIOs is a degree of caution, and we see it. We talk about this transactional spending. If people are spending on their existing systems to kind of keep the lights on without driving change, then they're trying to basically minimize the spend on that piece of the budget, and we see it in terms of people buying just enough, just in time, more renewals versus buying new systems as characterization, and that happens late end of the quarter. That's all a function of this more cautious transactional spending whilst people figure out exactly what their transformational initiatives are going to be and where they are going to prioritize their budget spend towards the things that Joe talked about. Are they going to spend money, first of all, upon transforming their existing environment? Are they going to move into a new digital business agenda, et cetera? And these dual forces are what we see in the marketplace, and we see it very clearly within our business. We see this heightened caution in the transactional spend, and we see it occurring in terms of late calls and things like that. But we also see these really exciting transformational projects as people are embarking upon these new journeys which is going to transform their business. And not surprisingly, in that environment, there's a counteracting force and it's a little harder to predict than when everything is flowing in the same direction.
James Kisner - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: All right. Thanks. We have time for one more question and then we'll have a few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Steven Milunovich of UBS. You may now ask your question.
Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. I wonder if you could comment a bit about the competitive situation out there. Pure is obviously growing at a high rate, though I know you are much larger. But they talk about you having an older architecture in flash, so how do you think that plays out over time? And I was actually at NetApp, and like a lot of companies, they claim they're going to be picking up share as you go through the integration with Dell. They claim pretty strongly that they've – it's been pretty easier to pick up customers and employees much easier than in the past because of the deal. Would you comment on that?
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Steve, actually – well, obviously, people will try and take advantage of an opportunity, but let me make a couple of points. First of all, compared to Pure, we have a fundamentally different and more advantageous architecture. We have a system which is designed to scale out and have data services running always on and always on all the time. Pure basically has a dual control architecture. And that limits their ability to scale out and limits their ability to expand into broader workloads. The traditional vendors like in NetApp, I talked about how the fact that we are, in fact, picking off their customers. I talked about 45 petabyte win sweeping the floor, we won their top five accounts during the quarter. So we are very confident that whilst people are obviously going to try to pick on us, we are the market leader, we're the biggest company in the industry, and we are obviously going through some change. We are very confident, our portfolio has never been stronger, and our competitive position had never been strong, which is great at this time.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Steve. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We really do appreciate it. And I want you to understand that we in the EMC family of companies are excited about our future. We are confident in our ability to meet our 2016 revenue, EPS and cash flow goals, which are again our growth goals. On the merger front, we are working diligently with the SEC to become effective as soon as possible, and we are aggressively planning the detailed reintegrations so we can get a fast start once everything is finalized and approved. Importantly, as soon as our Registration Statement becomes effective, we will be out there with you, our valued shareholders, to make sure we answer your questions. So I thank you for – again, and we will see you real soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anthony Takazawa - Vice President, Global Investor Relations Joseph Tucci - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Zane Rowe - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David Goulden - EMC Information Infrastructure Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Steven Fox - Cross Research Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Securities Rod Hall - JP Morgan Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. James Kisner - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley Investment Research Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities Amit Daryanani - Royal Bank of Canada Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President Global Investor Relations of EMC. Sir, you may now begin.
Anthony Takazawa: Thank you, good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2015. Today we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; EMC’s CFO, Zane Rowe; and David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure CEO. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Due to the pending transaction with Dell, we are making some changes to our call format and content in an effort to improve the efficiency of the call today. We’re streamlining our presentation and voluntary disclosures. EMC will also not be providing expectations for Company’s financial results. Please note, that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today's press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMCs filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Finally, this call does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any vote or approval. The proposed transaction will be submitted to the shareholders of EMC for their consideration. In connection with the proposed transaction, Denali Holding, Inc. has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that includes a preliminary proxy statement and prospectus regarding the proposed transaction. After the registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, a definitive proxy statement and prospectus will be mailed to each EMC shareholder entitled to vote at the special meeting in connection with the proposed transaction. Investors are urged to read the proxy statement and prospectus in its entirety and other fillings made by Dell and EMC, as they contain important information about the proposed transaction. Investors may obtain copies of the proxy statement and prospectus and other documents filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction at the SEC's website or from EMC's website. Information regarding the persons who may under the rules of the SEC be deemed participants in such solicitation is set forth in the proxy statement and prospectus filed with the SEC. With that, it’s now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joseph Tucci: Thank you, Tony. I’d like to begin by welcoming everyone to our Q4 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. This morning I’ll focus my formal remarks on three areas; trends in a macro environment and IT spending, a review of our businesses and lastly an update on the progress on our deal with Dell. From my perspective our results in Q4 were mixed. Well, I am pleased to report non-GAAP EPS of $0.65 I was disappointed that we fell a bit short on revenue, which was $7.01 billion essentially flat year-on-year. However, I would like to point out that it follows 24 consecutive quarters of reported year-on-year topline growth. As an accomplishment that very few our technology peers matched. I am proud of the more than 70,000 talented and dedicated people across the EMC family of companies. Despite all this tractions caused by the announced merger with Dell and a volatile global economy they worked diligently along with our value partners and focused intently on our customers and their needs, my deepest thanks to all of you. Let me now turn and comment on several macro trends we’re seeing in a global economy and in information technology and how they are playing out and affecting our customers and the IT industry. Both came back on 2015 it was quite [indiscernible] year. In 2015, we experienced a sharp decline in revenues in a significant number of the emerging marketing countries we serve. As these economies came under pressure. We experienced business declines in Russian and parts of the Middle East on the back of geopolitical unrest there. We experienced declines in our business in China as the country faced issues with their equity and housing markets leading to a lowering of IT imports. And we experienced significant currency fluctuations and a strong dollar. At the same time in 2015, we experienced an acceleration of three plus broad secular IT trends, which we’ve been maniacally focused on for quite a while. The first trend was led by the billions of smartphones and connected devices in use, which generate massive amounts of valuable data. The second trend is that more and more companies are embarking on a digital transformation journey to capture and exploit this massive data trove to become more intimate with their customers and more connected with their supply chains and more in tune with their employees and partners. The third trend is that enterprises are accelerating their move to hybrid cloud computing. In other words, our customers are deploying cloud computing architectures across their private clouds, manage clouds and public clouds to help increase speed, agility and ease of use that lower price points. And lastly in 2015, on the back of the [indiscernible] IT shifts, we saw a heightened need for a new wave of cyber security oriented towards addressing increasingly pervasive advanced threats. Company’s transformed our business as we see them changing their traditional operating models and buying patterns. To fund these new initiatives customers are reducing co-ops and their traditional applications and infrastructures. As a result this is one of the most disruptive periods in history of IT for vendors as they manage customer transitions from the old to the new, but these shifts also create enormous opportunities. EMC recognize these trends early and we began shifting our strategy several years ago to assure we were well-positioned to manage through disruptive forces of these secular trends, and more importantly to be positioned to capture the massive growth opportunities these shifts will avail. Today, we have a board portfolio of innovative to offerings in each of the major growth areas. And to give you a quick update in each of our businesses starting with Pivotal. Pivotal continued its strong customer momentum and growth as this highlighted by their work with Mercedes-Benz helping the automaker design and bring to life its first ever connected car application. A great sign that Pivotal is disrupting traditional middleware players it is emerging alongside Amazon Web Services and Google cloud platform as a leader in the modern cloud era. Pivotal now works with three of the top five global automotive manufacturers on their most important new digital transformation initiatives. Beyond automotive Pivotal is working with some of the leading players in the financial services, insurance, retail and telecommunications industries. Pivotal has the right software subscription-based business model, the right modern cloud platform and analytics solutions and the right software development services, all working in concert. In short, Pivotal is uniquely qualified to help the world's largest enterprises successfully transform into great software companies. VMware had a solid quarter with 10% revenue growth. They exited 2015 with over $6.6 billion in total revenues. There are high-growth emerging businesses including areas like virtual networking, end-user computing and virtual SAN that especially well last quarter. As Pat told you yesterday, VMware’s end-user computing business join both compute and management as $1 billion plus businesses and NSX is on fire with a 100% year-over-year growth and exiting 2015 with a $600 million run rate. VMware is one of those rare technology companies that has maintained growth as they manage the transition from a maturing core platform in vSphere to their new growth engines. In cloud, I am especially encouraged by VMware's new multi-cloud multi-device strategy. They will provide customers with the ability to run, connect and securely manage their applications across private clouds, the manage clouds provided by their Cadre of the VKN Partners and across the mega cloud providers. Again this is a compelling value proposition for customers one that VMware can uniquely deliver. Finally, as we announced earlier Zane Rowe will be taken over for Jonathan Chadwick as CFO of VMware. I want to thank Jonathan for his service these past few years and I am extremely excited that Zane remain in the family and bring his considerable leadership skills to VMware. I know he will do an outstanding job. I am also pleased with Denis Cashman, the 28-year veteran at EMC and currently our Chief Accounting Officer and the CFO of EMC II will take over as EMC’s CFO. I have worked closely with Denis for 16 years. I have tremendous confidence in his capabilities. Turning to EMC II, we believe the three technology trends are dramatically changing the storage and data center landscape namely flash, software-defined technologies and converged infrastructure. We understood early on how these three technologies would improve cost, performance and agility for our customers and we invested heavily in these three areas. In flash technology, EMC II pioneered the introduction of flash into all of its arrays as performance accelerator. They also require XtremIO and introduced the truly innovative all-flash, scale out array into the storage market. And since its introduction XtremIO has experienced explosive growth and is the clear market leader by a wide margin. EMC II has also embarked on an important initiative to re-architect their VMAX and VNX product families to use the next generation of flash technology optimally. These efforts take time and as a result we saw declines in these products in Q4 as customers anticipated these new products in Q4 as customers anticipated these new product introductions. The really good news is as you will hear from David Goulden is that both VMAX and VNX are planning major enhancements and refreshers that will make these systems extremely competitive in the primary all-flash storage market. This is incredibly exciting to us. In the area of software-defined storage EMC II invested heavily in early and the majority of this investment was through organic R&D. EMC II engineered innovative products like Elastic Cloud Storage for objects and the Adobe file system like ViPR, Heterogeneous Storage Management and acquired ScaleIO for block storage targeting cloud scale mission-critical applications. VMware also invested organically in software-defined storage and is delivering rapidly growing leading products like Virtual Volumes and vSAN. No other company is anywhere close to having the software-defined storage assets we have between EMC II and VMware. We are the clear leader and the best news is that there is more to come. Finally, converged infrastructure is another area that continues to grow rapidly. DC had a terrific quarter and as I’ve said previously we remained very committed to our strategic partnership with Cisco. David will talk more about our CI strategy in a fast phase product roadmap in his remarks. Virtustream, our newest federation company has fortified the EMC hybrid cloud portfolio. It ended Q4 with the strongest bookings quarter in its history. Since our last earnings call, we’ve evolved our approach relative to the integration of Virtustream. Importantly, we wanted to better leverage VMware's enhanced multi-cloud multi-device strategy and a short of Virtustream continues to be a premier [VKN] partner embracing VMware's technology suite. We have decided to focus Virtustream on two key high growth cloud opportunities. The first area is Virtustream’s heritage mainly to run complex mission-critical business applications on its modern cloud architecture, which features Virtustream’s internally developed Xtrem software technology, a true differentiator. EMC strength is highly complementary here as its infrastructure principally supports mission-critical applications across its vast global customer base. The second cloud area in which Virtustream will focus leverages EMC's most trusted position in the enterprise storage arena by offering our portfolio of cloud-based solutions for tier data storage archiving backup and disaster recovery. To help accelerate the second cloud storage thrust, we moved EMC IIs cloud-based commercial object storage service and its managed services business in Virtustream earlier this month. Collectively, the new Virtustream will start out life with nearly $100 million in quarterly revenue. As I’ve said before, we are expecting very high growth in this area. Both Michael Dell and I are very excited about the prospects of our Virtustream business and feel that our combined synergies will drive even higher growth rates for this business in 2016 and beyond. Let me now turn an update you on our merger with Dell. As I’ve said before, the coming together of Dell and EMC is a game-changer. It creates a powerhouse in the technology industry with approximately $80 billion in revenue. Our combined assets are better positioned to navigate the major changes in our industry and lead in the new world. Customers have been overwhelmingly positive about this combination. They see that we will be a strategic partner with more heft and breadth will leading technologies that are critical to their success. Technologies around digital transformation, software-defined data centers, hybrid cloud, converged infrastructure, mobile and security. And very importantly the people of the EMC and Dell are embracing the combination. They understand that together, we are better positioned in the market and that this will create new and more opportunities for them over the long run. I am pleased to report that progress on closing the transaction remains on track on the original terms and timeline. We have filed the primary proxy statement and prospectus and we are working to finalize it. We have submitted request to regulatory approval globally and most importantly our teams are working together seamlessly on integration planning, say we are ready to go day one. On the VMware side, Mike and I are both incredibly excited by the prospects for this great Company and I firmly believe that Mike will be an outstanding steward for this franchise. Subsequent to closing of the transaction Michael will be VMware's largest shareholder. I know he will be laser-focused on increasing the value of VMware for all stakeholders and we will ensure that VMware has the right resources and people that fully realize its potential. Thank you again for being with us today. I’d now like to turn it over to Zane to take you through the quarter.
Zane Rowe: Thanks Joe. Good morning everyone. This morning I'll discuss our consolidated results and provide some additional detail on Pivotal, VMware and EMC Information Infrastructure. First, I'd like to add my thanks to the extended team across our organization for all their efforts and focus this quarter. Our Q4 consolidated revenue totaled $7 billion, flat year-over-year and up 3% on a constant currency basis. EPS was $0.65. Our regional results were heavily impacted by currency fluctuations and the economies of the few countries. Consolidated revenue in North America was flat year-over-year. EMEA was down 1% as reported and up 7% on a constant currency basis. APJ was flat year-over-year as reported and up 4% in constant currency. The region continues to be significantly impacted by softness in China. Latin America was down 16% as reported and down 5% in constant currency. Brazil continues to be a challenging market in this geo. For the full-year 2015 consolidated revenue was $24.8 billion, up 1% year-over-year and up 5% on a constant currency basis. EPS was a $1.82. Looking at the quarterly results for the three major businesses; Pivotal grew revenue 25% year-over-year. As we previously mentioned annual recurring revenue or ARR is another way of measuring Pivotal’s progress as they've been transitioning from a license to a subscription model. In Q4, total ARR was over $100 million, up 40% sequentially with strong performance in all geographies and product areas. Pivotal had tremendous customer momentum during Q4 highlighted by Ford Motor Company’s announcing a three-year strategic collaboration with them. Beyond automotive in the fourth quarter Pivotal book the largest Cloud Foundry deal in history with a Fortune 50 retailer. Pivotal continues to expand its customer base across many industries including automotive, financial services, insurance, retail and telecommunications. VMware revenue was up 10% year-over-year and up 13% in constant currency. There were a number of highlights this quarter in particular with the emerging parts of the business. In Q4 end-user computing license bookings including AirWatch grew over 20% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. EUC is now at over $1.2 billion total bookings annual run rate. VMware has greater than 62,000 EUC customers across the desktop, mobile, identity and content collaboration solutions. We believe it continues to gain share against the competition in both desktops and mobile. There was also continued strength with VMware’s NSX network virtualization solution. NSX’s Q4 bookings were up over 100% versus last year with an annual bookings run rate of over $600 million. VMware also had the largest enterprise agreement quarter in the Company's history. 42% of the bookings in the fourth quarter came from enterprise agreements with more customers taking advantage of the expanded solution offerings. EMC Information Infrastructure revenue was $5.1 billion, down 4% year-over-year and down 1% in constant currency. The storage business within II was also down 4% year-over-year and flat in constant currency. As Joe, mentioned while the spending environment remains challenging the major trends in IT remain intact. We are encouraged by the discussions we’re having with customers regarding how EMC and eventually the combination of Dell and EMC can help them with their digital transformation. In addition we have an exciting lineup of new and refreshed products coming this year, which will offer customers compelling functionality and value. David, will provide more details on our Information Infrastructure business in a few minutes. Taking a look at gross margin trends for the quarter and the year the results were significantly impacted by the change in VCE accounting and FX. For Q4 gross margin was 63.6% down 180 basis points as reported. However, adjusting for the impact of VCE accounting and FX changes gross margins were up 40 basis points year-over-year. In 2015, the reported gross margins were 62.4% down 160 basis points as reported and adjusting for VCE and FX gross margins improved by 50 basis points year-over-year. In Q4, gross profit was up 1% versus last year excluding the impact of VCE accounting and FX changes. On a reported basis, gross profit was down 3% year-over-year with the net impact to EPS of $0.05. Operating expense was up 3% excluding the impact of VCE accounting and the benefit from FX. Operating expense was up 5% year-over-year as reported. Within EMC II excluding the impact of VCE accounting and the benefit from FX, operating expense was down 2% year-over-year due to good expense control by the team. On a reported basis, operating expense impacted EPS by $0.05. Other income improved year-over-year. The largest portion of this benefit was once again the elimination of the VCE expense from this line last year. The net benefit to year-over-year EPS was $0.04. Lower share count helped EPS by $0.03 versus last year. We ended the quarter with $14.8 billion in total cash and investments and $1.2 billion in EMC domestic cash excluding VMware. We returned $229 million to shareholders via quarterly cash dividend and we did not repurchase any shares in Q4. Free cash flow was $1.5 billion for the quarter. We generated $3.9 billion in free cash flow for the year, which is close to the forecast we shared with you in July. We are on track with $850 million cost reduction and business transformation plans we announced last year. In Q4, we achieved our initial $50 million in expense reduction target. Most of the aggregate cost reductions are coming from our non-headcount related initiatives and we are making significant progress in numerous areas including direct materials and manufacturing, process simplification and integration and third-party spend. We are making great progress in and expect to exceed our cost reduction goals. And I want to thank the teams for all their efforts towards achieving these targets. We are confident in the combined strength and future of Pivotal, VMware, EMC II and now Virtustream. These companies offer an unparalleled portfolio of industry-leading products and solutions. Combined with Dell, we will build one of the world’s premier IT powerhouses, which will further benefit our stakeholders and customers. Together, we will seize the opportunity to capture synergies across this enhanced portfolio. The combined business will have significant free cash flow generating capability and a powerful balance sheet. The financial strength of this combination will now enable us to grow and lead the IT industry. On a personal note, I look forward to staying in the family and I am excited about joining the VMware team to help drive long-term growth and shareholder value. I couldn't be more pleased to welcome Denis Cashman to his new role. He will do a great job. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to David to discuss the EMC Information Infrastructure business. David?
David Goulden: Thanks Zane. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I would also like to thank the entire EMC II team for their hard work and focus to ensure that EMC continues as the industry leader as our industry goes through one of the biggest transformations in its history. As we look at the external environment, customers continue to be in either transactional or transformational spending mode and in some cases both at the same time. Customers in a transactional spending mode are buying just enough and just-in-time for their traditional environments and we saw this in our stronger maintenance renewal bookings throughout last year. Customers in transformational mode are either transforming their existing IT systems towards a hybrid cloud or building and deploying new digital applications to transform their business. In either of these scenarios they need a modern datacenter infrastructure based on flash, scale out, software-defined, cloud-enabled and trusted technologies. Against this market backdrop, our storage business performed broadly inline with our recent expectations for the year and grew 3% in constant currency for the full-year. In Q4, we saw a little more pressure in our high-end and mid-tier business related to product cycles and we are addressing those very early this year. Within storage, our emerging storage is very well and became our second largest product related bucket in Q4. I want to clearly point out that we are actively investing in innovation and transforming our storage portfolio well ahead of our pears to position us well. IT budgets are moving and to accelerate a leader position in the next wave of IT. Our market share in the emerging category is higher in most cases than our share in traditional storage which is a good indicator for the future. In flash, XtremIO, our all-flash array expanded its market lead. Bookings for 2015 will well over $1 billion. We also achieved over $1 billion in revenue in 2015 as well. Another way of looking at this XtremIO’s Q4 revenue exceeded the cumulative revenue for the last four quarters of our closest public competitor in this space. As well as outstanding competition, we continue to innovate them with unique capabilities like our recently introduced Integrated Copy Data Management or iCDM. iCDM allows administrators and application owners of critical enterprise applications like Oracle and SAP to make an automate the management of instantaneous and space efficient vertical copies of their production data. Flash is not about a single product, it’s a key technology across our portfolio and later this quarter we’ll take another quantum leap in flash with the launch NGA of DSSD. DSSD will change the game for flash in the enterprise delivering mind blowing performance bandwidth and latency for high performance business applications like Adobe Analytics and ultra high-performance databases. We believe that DSSD is unique and highly differentiated in the marketplace. This quarter we will also introduce a new flash-optimized or flash VMAX that will significantly change the way flash is deployed in high-end primary storage. And in Q2, we will introduce a new flash-optimized mid-tier storage family which will change the used cases for flash in the mid-tier. Converged infrastructure continues to grow constantly faster than the infrastructure market in general. And in 2016, we expect over 20% of all external storage will be purchased as part of a CI System. EMC continues to lead in converged infrastructure. VCE had a very good year and exited the year with an annualized demand run rate of over $3 billion. Multiple customers are spending more than $10 million annually with VCE and a largest customer who was also a new customer spent over $70 million this highlighting the customers are shifting towards buy versus build and as a result of seeing better TCO faster outcomes on a more agile business. After successfully integrating VCE with EMC II this past year, we look forward to continue strong partnership with Cisco for extending our lead in Vblocks and for networking systems across our CI portfolio. As a recognized leader in the integrated infrastructure systems although we call the blocked category of CI according to both Gartner and IDC, we are now expanding our CI portfolios include blocks, ranks and appliances to create the most comprehensive converged platform life in the industry. In Q4, we introduced our new rank scale hyper-converged platform VxRack. We are encouraged by our early wins and growing pipeline for VxRack. An important focus was in 2016 is the nascent rapidly growing hyper-converged appliance market segments. For the last several months EMC and VMware partnered very closely to develop a new next-generation hyper-converged appliance family that uniquely leverages technology from EMC, VMware and VCE and will change the game in this part of the converged infrastructure space. Stay tuned for an exciting joint EMC, VMware announcement in a few weeks time. In the software-defined storage space ViPR, ECS and ScaleIO had a good year with both certified customers and with large enterprises that are in transformational mode. We also released software-only versions of VNX and iPhone this past year and we will continue to strengthen our SDS portfolio when new releases coming this year including a virtual addition of data demand. While our products provide the modern datacenter infrastructure building blocks for our customers that truly transformative business opportunities for EMC come from our federation solutions such as the Enterprise Hybrid Cloud, the native hybrid cloud and the business data like to help customer to accelerate time to value for that transformational initiatives. For example when one of the largest Fortune 100 healthcare organizations was looking to transform their current IT systems they selected a federation EHC solution to help modernize and automate their current data centers . And for the next phase in the IT transformation they are working with Pivotal Labs to embrace agile programming and deploying Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Pivotal Big Data Suite to build their next generation apps and data fabrics. Now turning over to our security business, RSA continues to make progress to transition the mix and momentum in their business towards their growth areas. And for the year its growth portfolio was up double-digits. And our Enterprise Content Management business grew its license bookings was also improving profitability for the full-year. In closing, I'm very excited about our position in 2016. We have significant new announcements in the first half of this year to further expand our Storage and Converged Infrastructure portfolio. Our entire Storage and Converged Infrastructure portfolio is built on the architectural pillars of the modern data center. These pillars are Flash, Scale-Out, Software Defined, Cloud Enabled and Trusted technologies. At EMC II we are uniquely positioned to help our customers modernize and automate their data center infrastructures to set the foundation for their IT and business transformations. Furthermore, as the EMC federation we can help drive our customer's full IT and business transformation initiatives as well. Finally, our combination with Dell wants us to change the enterprise IT landscape for ever by creating an IT powerhouse with our mass portfolio, scale and reach. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tony for Q&A. Tony?
Anthony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Tori, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Mr. Steve Milunovich with UBS. Sir, your line is now open. You may ask your question.
Steven Milunovich: Thank you very much. Joe I wanted to get your sense on a couple of trends in the industry that you alluded to. On the Flash side I think study that you funded suggest that through compression and so forth you could take 18 terabytes and put them into three. So it appears Flash could be extremely deflationary on Storage industry revenues I was curious what your thoughts are on that. And then also do you believe that standalone Storage companies can survive in the future given the importance of the Converged platform and obviously you are merging with Dell?
Joseph Tucci: Steve I’ll let David start, he is one step closer obviously as I said Flash is one of the megatrends that's changing the infrastructure business forever, the infrastructure hardware business and software business forever. Then I’ll let David comment and you are right I do think that, I do believe that if you get to certain size and certainly we’re there and many others are there. Playing in the Storage alone is not a good strategy for the future David told you 20% of Storage will be sold as part of Converged infrastructure that number is growing incredibly rapidly. So obviously that's not where you want to be in life and that's part of where we've been moving the company over the years and it's also part of in my heart of what we're doing in this merger with Dell.
David Goulden: Yes. So Steve, on the technology side obviously Flash has moved a long way and we - in my comment refer to number of announcements we’re going to be making this quarter without revealing too much of them you'll certainly hear us talk about 2016 being the year where we really believe that all Flash systems should be the standard for primary storage. So that will be a big shift from where the market was and so talking more in hybrid terms really think that the technology house advanced to the stage with the latest 3D NAND technology and things like 3.8 terabyte drives, which of course you need to offset your system to optimize to use them that big and that fast, which is why we talked about the re-architecting we can really come to market with a complete family VNX, VMAX, XtremIO, DSSD leveraging this latest technology and basically use all-flash all the time for primary storage. Now when it comes to the CAD data compression technology you were talking about that really is application dependent one of the things that makes these systems price competitive in fact maybe even more so than a hybrid system is the fact that using flash you can use compression dedup another data efficiency technologies. Those bring the effective price for gigabyte down to about the same or maybe a little bit less than the hybrid, so depending upon your application with the compression you can get maybe 2X factor with dedup and you can get a little higher and of course you could also do instant snap copies and things which you can't do is effectively with disk. So it’s really bringing systems down to the same effective price. It’s not massively deflationary because they are still much more expensive to all media, but you can do more things with that media and basically produce a flash system, which is effectively the same price for effective terabyte as a hybrid that gives you much more performance.
Anthony Takazawa: Thank you, Steve. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Fox with Cross Research. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Steven Fox: Thanks. Good morning. Just along the similar lines, but maybe a bigger picture question. As you look at sort of your whole emerging storage platform and how end-users are sort of changing their storage use cases. Can you talk about how that plays into your portfolio in 2016, what is accelerating maybe a little bit more than maybe you thought just 90 days or 180 days ago. And then I had a quick follow-up. Thanks
David Goulden: Steve, sure. Yes, this is David. Let me take that. Obviously, just ground ourselves in where we are very pleased with how the emerging storage portfolio came and grew during to the year and as we predicted [indiscernible] back in January, we actually do get the situation in Q4 where it became the largest cloud related bucket out of those three, which we’ve historically given. We expect, yes, whilst we are not giving you any overall detail for 2016. We expect to see a continued strong growth in that area. If you think of the key technologies in that things like iPhone, things like XtremIO, or software-defined storage those are all being driven by some of the secular trends that Joe talked about. I think the other thing is relating back to our prior answer. We do expect in our mid-tier and in our high-end this shift all-flash all-the-time to really give us some revised growth opportunities in those markets as well. So I think the portfolio going into 2016 just in great shape.
Steven Fox: Great. And then just real quick, the 20% number you talked about for CI, how does that changed during the course of the year?
David Goulden: Yes, this is an interesting data point, it’s a little bit we are trying to intersect two kind of market trends, one how big is CI and how fast is it growing and how much of the total storage marketplace is consumed in the form of CI. When we talk about 2016 being a little over 20%, we think it's probably three or four points more than it was in 2015 which shows a pretty big increase in adoption when you think of how large the overall storage marketplace is and the CI is becoming an increasingly important piece of it.
Joseph Tucci: And don’t think it is only from kind of just a lot of questions come I think from a hardware perspective, but think of why we did VMware and value now in a software-defined datacenter, software-defined networking, software-defined storage, software-defined compute. Think of it in terms of CI, which David talked about, think of it in terms of cloud. This is one of the reasons we’re taking so many assets out of EMC II and putting them into Virtustream to make sure that we get those cloud services offerings. And so there is a great opportunity in what we are doing and of course doing more with Dell, we think will bring us to the next level and make this company a real winner long-term.
Steven Fox: That’s very helpful.
Anthony Takazawa: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Maynard Um with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Maynard Um: Hi, thank you. Joe, you said you're confident in the deal closing in the terms of the Dell deal. There's obviously a lot of concern that Dell may have difficulty raising the funds for the transaction given the markets and the stocks actually, your stocks has been trading below the cash offer on the deal at certain points in time. So any specifics you can share on what gives you that confidence in the deal closure and on the original terms. And are there any backup plans that you or the Board are considering and if you could give us a timeline of key dates I think that would be extremely helpful? Thanks.
Joseph Tucci: Yes, let me start hear. I mean because this gives about five questions in that - better in that one. Look, this is a really big deal and there is a lot of noise in the system and there's lot of people have a lot of opinions, a lot of them are not based on a lot of fact. But there is increased and it certainly as we are doing there is a tremendously increased market volatility and I think it’s really fair to say this environment is not been kind to any security right. So that gives us strength as we have a binding solid merger agreement in place. We are highly confident on the contractual terms we have in place that we will meet those contractual terms. There is significant penalties in place both ways if this doesn't happen. The banks are fully committed and again what does that mean. I mean it mean that the banks have told us they can raise the money were split rated those things, we can do it even improve that rating and you got to speak to Dell about. So this gives us confidence if you look at our progress, if you look at our cash flow we are right on target. If you look at how we are performing against peers these are all important metrics. How we are performing against our peers? We are performing better than our peers. That’s’ why I pointed out that as reported. Forget about currency, we’ve had 25 quarters now in a row, the last one being flat and the previous 24 grow year-on-year. There is very few companies that are really our peers that weren’t born in the cloud error so to speak that can say that kind of – so basically we’re going to perform and of course you asked about the timing. We said that the S-4 is filed is when it becomes effective we will be more aggressive out there with you, but that the timeline for this deal closing is still between May and October and that will be probably dependent on a couple of the foreign antitrust approvals. So we are confident. We know what we’re doing and again focus on cash flow, our cash flow was really good.
Anthony Takazawa: Thank you, Maynard. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Rod Hall: Yes, thanks for taking my question guys. I guess I wanted to maybe drill into the macro commentary you started off with Joe a little bit and Zane if you got something to add to this that would be interested as well. The North American growth rate was relatively flat in Q4 I think year-over-year about 0.8% and we also saw deterioration of LATAM. I guess I’m curious on a couple of front, one I would like to get a little bit more color on what you think trajectory looks like regionally. And then Joe maybe if you could comment a little bit on where you think we are in the enterprise budget setting process particularly in the U.S. right now. Is there a lot of visibility where it is prices are going to reset budgets or is that coming later and just what do you think the outlook is this year for enterprise IT spending? Thanks.
Zane Rowe: Hey Rod. This is Zane. I’ll start and then Joe can give you an update. As I discussed I mean when you look on a constant currency basis I actually thought that things came in I would say as expected were not for a number of key countries within those economies. I mean obviously we’ve seen softness in China all year and that had a meaningful impact on our APJ results which would have been positive were it not for the Chinese impact. And then even EMEA was impacted by Russia, which is down significantly and then of course Latin America. We’re seeing probably more widespread pressure in Latin America, but of course that was heavily influenced by Brazil as well. As far as you know we are not getting into guidance into the year, but I would say we generally are expecting things to continue as they are, we are not expecting sort of dramatic shifts as we look at the future in any of those economies around the world.
Joseph Tucci: I think two comments, when you look at the U.S. a lot of that was on the back of kind of what David pointed out. I have been very forthcoming in saying majority what’s happening in IT is on the back of these huge secular trends that we’ve talked about many times, but that doesn't mean is not cyclical effects and you saw a bigger stall in the U.S. because the U.S. was probably better in tune with the product cycles that we are having in products like VMAX and VNX. In this world nothing is kept as secret. So I think these two new refreshers and systems that David is talking about are huge to us I think that was effect. So we did have our product cycles affect here for sure. And most that I had showed up in the U.S. first as it always does. In spending trends in our customers I don't think any customer world is holding back now and what they are willing to spend on security, especially the security around protecting against advanced threats not inside the firewall, not mode protection to really picking it up in that area and David said we’re seeing that. We are also spending significantly and big on digital transformation. And of course they are spending some money and saving some money and basically how do I modernize my private cloud and use and get the benefit of using public cloud. So this cloud strategy is both the positive and a negative and that's why we think things like VMware’s new multi cloud, multi device strategy important things like Virtustream are important things like our software-defined storage is important. So we think we are well-positioned there and as again I’ll go back to our track record versus others, which is really a key metric in this deal is very solid.
Anthony Takazawa: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jayson Noland with Baird. Your line is now open. You may ask your question.
Jayson Noland: Okay. Great thank you. I wanted to ask about all-flash array market. Joe you’ve - looks like you have four different products on the market XtremIO, VMAX, VNX and DSSD coming pretty soon. It sounds like there are specific parts of the market that have different needs and then the competitive dynamics there’s lots of different players, who do you see the most often, do you expect the legacy players to have a big play in all-flash also?
Joseph Tucci: Yes, well I’ll let David and then I will make couple of my comments. Before David goes maybe I will start a little bit. There is no one answer to your question. I mean the beauty about being us is, we’re probably the only one that our competitors see everywhere. We see different competitors and different tiers and we’re introducing I think what’s going to be incredibly exciting the DSS product, which is way above where Storage sits today, its probably more high-end flash pricing, but more memory kind of DRAM kind of performance. So basically if you look at the strata we are saying as DRAM, there is the DSSD tier, there's the high-performance primary storage. So you know we're basically using flash up and down a line and with that alternative – so we’re the only ones I know that are playing is and with software-defined, we’re the only ones I know that are playing flash as broadly and as significantly I don’t know think that any competitor is doing, we are doing. But go ahead David.
David Goulden: Hey Jayson. Just to pick up on Joe’s comments I mean I think we’ve demonstrated successfully, we can match the portfolio and our strength really with our big customers is the fact that we have this [best of three] portfolio because there is no such thing as one platform [indiscernible] workload. So as Joe talks about DSSD is going to address a whole new class of workloads, XtremIO and VMAX are playing in broadly similar markets but with different attributes and the new mid-tier line cap fits underneath that. So we really have the market exceptionally well covered and of course leading with an all-flash in general and primary storage again giving way a little bit about what you can hear in terms of the launch. And then last but not least we have key technologies like ViPR and SRM to clock all that and make it basically very transparent to our customers they just see virtual ones, they don’t necessary have to know what underlying storage system its on, but we [indiscernible], so we given the combination of this complete portfolio approx that they can provide for the different workloads and also a very consistent experience from the infrastructure system up to the application which is really being a power of our portfolio.
Anthony Takazawa: Thanks Jayson. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Kisner with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
James Kisner: Thanks. So I was hoping you would comment on the competitive environment and storage. Some of your smaller competitors have indicated that incumbents like EMC have increased the disconnectivity recently, is that the case and you are seeing the competitive environment is towards intensify or is really just more of the same? Thanks.
David Goulden: James. Yes, this is David. Let me take that. I mean clearly in a market that certain segments of the market have matured and overall growth rates have slowed down little bit obviously is a more competitive environment. We’ve been facing into that I can give you a couple of data points that might help you one of the things that we’ve been looking at very much all year is, what’s our gross margin look like in storage on a normalized basis what I mean by taking out the impacts of FX taking out the impacts of VCE to look at those on an apples-to-apples basis. And yes this being an increasingly competitive environment but mix shift has moved positively such the way when I look at either Q4 or the full year gross margin on the normalized basis is basically flat with 2015 which we think is quite given the technology shifts and the competitive pressures in the industry. So yes, we have seen a more competitive intensity and yes we’ve been responding to that, but we’ve also been seeing a positive mix shift towards some of our higher growth and richer margin products have kept the overall profile of business in good shape.
James Kisner: Thank you.
Anthony Takazawa: Thanks James. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kathryn Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Kathryn Huberty: Yes, thank you. Have you seen any impact on sales cycles just overall demand as it relates to the announced trends transaction and any plans to provide transparency on which products survive under the new parent company?
Joseph Tucci: Let me first comment on first, we don’t hear us bring this up, right, I mean because we don't believe in using excuses we’ll tell you like it is, but that said obviously even personally I could tell you that – the deal of this size causes [indiscernible] and you do have to take an extra lap around the track to go explain. The good news is once you explain to customers, once you explain to your people they both – those an important audience is right I mean your customers and your people as you can approach customers without the people. Once you get them understanding what we could create here, we do get a positive effect, but it does as I said of course another lap around the track and so it does cause accident to system and certainly that was some of the miss, but we didn’t alluded to it at all because we think this merger in the best interest of all parties we are great from our shareholders to our people to with customers and we work that everyday. But as we get into more and more it’s becoming more and more better understood. So Dave you want to take the second part of that question.
David Goulden: Yes, Kathryn sure. I mean first of all we know broadly I think you know very broadly there is not a lot of overlap between the portfolios, they are quite complementary. With there is some overlap, we’re going to make sure all our customer are looked after and everybody has a roadmap going forward with that technology platform. Now that might mean that some platforms have merged into common code base and things like that, but we’re going to be very careful to make sure that all our customers buying products right now from either company have a clear go forward path into the future based upon those investments.
Kathryn Huberty: Thank you.
Anthony Takazawa: Thank you, Kathryn. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Kulbinder Garcha: Thanks. My question for David. On the information storage business and you see most [indiscernible] kind of come down. I know that being that’s probably in the VCE consolidation, but are we at the point in which the gross margin level of these percentage terms may have dropped off, what's been going on there and what do you think about the various mix drivers going forward? Many thanks.
David Goulden: So Kulbinder, I think your question was on gross margin, you broke up just a little bit there, but I pointed out that this year was very important year for us and that the gross margins normalize again taking out the impact of VCE where we did bring some additional lower margin products into our income statement as opposed to in other income when you back that out you normalize for FX. Our gross margins in storage normalized were basically flat for the year and they are flat for Q4 as well. I think that's a good sign going forward, because we've been able to mix shift a loss I mean obviously over the last two to three years, if you go back to what happened and our gross margins normalized relatively flat in 2014 over 2013 as well. So you kind of look at how much that the mix shift is occurred in the business over the last couple of years. People thought that obviously when the mix went away from the higher end to some of the newer segments that would be a problem for gross margin, on a normalized basis it is not. I think that's a really good sign as the mix is shifting we’ve been able to hold those gross margins of course in that environments has also become more competitive than it was a couple years ago. So I think all that shows that we’re actually executing well and driving a lot of value out of the new segments of the business.
Anthony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning guys. I just wanted to talk a little bit about X-IO and all-flash VMAX and VNX products here that are launched. Could you talk about what workloads, what application would each one fit into? And then very specifically X-IO I think has always been known very well for inline deduplication compression capabilities. Is that something [indiscernible] into the high-end VMAX or VNX all-flash solutions to leverage that as well?
David Goulden: This is David. I would love to answer that question, but I mean wait a little bit more until we get to the product launches because if I answer too much of that question I mean we are getting away. Let me just put it this way the product launches are Quantum Leap. What we’ll talk about in the new VMAX is not just putting a whole bunch of flash drives in an existing VMAX system. We’ve done a lot of re-architecting, the way that software works, the VMware works, the hardware works to truly take advantage of these new [indiscernible] 3D NAND-technology at scale which is a lot of work. So I’d like to have that conversation, the context of the product launch. Clearly, we focus through. We think there is great positioning between the portfolios, the very complementary and we are going to add to that with obviously what we’ll do in the second quarter with the new midrange system, but net-net we’re very excited. I don’t think there is any problem here is all this is all good size all opportunity, but I'll get into more detail when we do the launch.
Anthony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Simona Jankowski: Hi, thank you very much. You talked a lot about new products on the roadmap for the next couple of quarters. What are some of the changes in your go-to-market or in your competitive posture that you think you can implement by being private in part of Dell that you couldn't have done as a standalone public company?
Joseph Tucci: Simona sure, I mean that’s a great question and this is also source of things we can do, when we [indiscernible] of course we’ve to be a little bit careful about how far we can go down that pathway. If you just think about it from a very high level point of view EMC has a lot of strength in the enterprise market in the global accounts. Dell plays that role obviously we can provide a lot of value with those relationships and our technology footprint. Dell has incredible strength in the mid-market place in local government in education, if you go back just a few years when EMC and Dell had a partnership that was wroth almost $2 billion a year revenue for EMC alone and that point in time we’re half the size of the company that we are right now. So just a complementary nature of the go to market is very, very strong and then the complementary nature of the product is also beneficial, because we talked about the factor storage and service are in some ways re-converging around converged infrastructure and around software-defined - on service and the ability to go to our customer both large and small with the complete enterprise infrastructure portfolio also gives us a ton of benefits. So again it’s an area that we are very infused about and we’ve got teams looking at how we can best optimize after we close. End of Q&A
Anthony Takazawa: Thank you, Simona. That’s all the time we have for questions. We have a few concluding comments from Joe.
Joseph Tucci: First of all thank you all for being with us today. We really appreciate it. We believe in our strategy and our ability to execute. We continue to believe that the merger with Dell is the best strategic option for our shareholders, our customers, our partners and our people. We believe we will close this transaction under the original terms, on the original timeframe. Once the S-4 goes effective, we will pick up our communication with you, we will be out there with you. And we value you and our investor so much. Thank you for being with us and we will see you soon.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Zane C. Rowe - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure
Analysts: Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Maynard J. Um - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee CRT Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Louis R. Miscioscia - CLSA Americas LLC Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC third quarter earnings conference call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thank you, good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2015. Today we are joined by: EMC Chairman and CEO Joe Tucci and EMC's CFO, Zane Rowe. We are also joined remotely from London by David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure [EMC II] CEO. After the prepared remarks, we will then open the lines to take your questions. Please note we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. A reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today's press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMCs filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. I will also point out that EMC will no longer be providing expectations for company financial results due to the pending transaction with Dell. Finally, this call does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any vote or approval. The proposed transaction will be submitted to the shareholders of EMC for their consideration. In connection with the proposed transaction, Denali Holding, Inc. will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a proxy statement and prospectus regarding the proposed transaction. Investors are urged to read the proxy statement and prospectus in its entirety when filed with the SEC and other filings made by Dell and EMC, as they contain important information about the proposed transaction. Investors may obtain copies of the proxy statement and prospectus when available and other documents filed with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction at the SEC's website or from EMC's website. Information regarding the persons who may under the rules of the SEC be deemed participants in such a solicitation will be set forth in the proxy statement and prospectus filed with the SEC. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tony, and good morning and welcome to everyone joining us today. On this call, I will focus my formal remarks on providing additional perspectives on the transaction we announced with Dell and Silver Lake last Monday. Additionally, I will touch on how we will manage the Federation during the transition. The coming together of EMC and Dell is a game-changer. It creates a powerhouse in the technology industry, with more than $80 billion in revenues. The combined company's products and technology portfolios and go-to-market motions are very complementary. And importantly, the feedback from our customers in the past week has been overwhelmingly positive. Starting on the all-important technology front, post-closing the company will have an end-to-end product portfolio spanning four of the world's great technology franchises in servers, storage, virtualization, and PCs. In the meantime, customers can buy with confidence, as we expect minimal disruption to existing product lines. The combined company will be a leader in a number of the most attractive high-growth areas in the $2 trillion IT market. In fact, we will be a leader in 22 different Gartner Magic Quadrants, illustrating proven technology leadership. The company, with approximately 40,000 sales, pre-sales, and marketing resources, will have the industry's best go-to-market engine. The combination of EMC's enterprise sales force with Dell's strengths in mid-market, SMB, government, education, and healthcare is complementary and powerful. And importantly, this go-to-market for us will be that by the best management team in the industry. Michael Dell and Egon Durban from Silver Lake have said they see great value in our Federation model. It gives us focus and ability to track and retain world-class talent, and it gives our customers a compelling vision for the future without lock-in. The new company will utilize the best elements of this model and ensure continuity of leadership, minimizing integration risk. Our businesses will remain strategically aligned and laser-focused on their core missions. They come together when in the best interest of the customer but have the freedom to pursue their own growth agenda. We believe this approach nurtures innovation and growth, enabling us to be more nimble than our competitors. We are committed to preserving and enhancing the ecosystem that each of our companies has built. Very specifically, there will be no change in how VMware manages its ecosystem. Like today, they won't create products that favor one hardware vendor over another. To this end, Michael Dell and I have reached out to the CEOs of the key VMware OEM partners to assure them of this. Additionally, we remain very committed to our strategic partnership with Cisco. VCE and specifically Vblocks will be a very important part of the new company, and we will continue to innovate and work together in the converged infrastructure and networking space. Moving to a privately controlled model will provide more freedom to invest for the long term without the pressure of managing for quarter end. As a result of this transaction, debt will need to be serviced and paid down. But remember, over the last three years EMC alone has averaged approximately $3.5 billion annually on share repurchases and dividends which will no longer be relevant in a private company controlled model. Furthermore, the collective cash flows of the combined company, enhanced by synergies, will allow us to keep investing heavily in R&D and in innovation, in go-to-market, and in resources to provide first-class services and support to our customers. Importantly, our existing growth initiatives, such as Pivotal, Virtustream, EMC's emerging storage, and RSA's security analytics, continue to get the resources they need to prosper. Fiber control will also allow us the flexibility to shift more of our business offerings to an as-a-service model. This will help customers better balance their technology consumption between CapEx and OpEx. Since our announcement, I have had dozens of conversations with customers, and these conversations have been overwhelmingly positive. To sum it up, they get it. They see the logic of the combination and are excited about the possibilities and what this means for their future: to potentially have a strategic partner with more heft and relevance to their digital transformations as they plan their strategies around the software-defined data center, hybrid cloud, mobile, and security. They also like the fact that our future breadth and scale means we will no longer be the smallest of the big tech companies, and we will have a place on every customer's must-consider list as they plan and implement their IT transformation projects. Our distribution, service, and technology partners are also positive. They see first-hand the challenge the industry is facing. With our increased offerings and scale, we will help them expand their portfolios' opportunity and reach. Our entire ecosystem appreciates that we have complementary technologies and that they would face minimal or no roadmap disruption. And they understand that we will have the opportunity to develop new offerings that combine the best technologies of each of our companies. The integration work in front of us is significant, but it varies in focus and complexity by business. In the VMware, Pivotal, and Virtustream businesses, the combination is all about driving revenue synergies. In the case of RSA, it is complementary with the capabilities that Dell has, and we will work together to create the most synergistic approach to the security market. The majority of the integration work takes place in EMC II, where we will combine Dell's server and storage business with our storage and converged infrastructure business. Here we expect both revenue and cost synergies. We expect that the principal cost synergies will come from combining our supply chains and indirect expenses. But let me be clear; this combination is all about driving revenues, and the expected revenue synergies are more than three times the cost synergies. It is also worth reinforcing the point Pat [Gelsinger], Jonathan [Chadwick], and Carl [Eschenbach] made on the VMware call yesterday. VMware revenue synergies with Dell could top $1 billion annually in the next few years. For example, many of VMware's leading products like vSphere, vRealize, vSAN, NSX, AirWatch are a natural fit for Dell's mid-market customers. Importantly, these synergies are not at the expense of current VMware partners. Rather, they represent true incremental opportunities. Until the transaction closes, we are continuing with our current Federation operating model. Our focus on serving our customers better together stays in place. We anticipate no major changes to our organizational structure, governance model, or management team. David Goulden, Pat Gelsinger, Rodney Rogers, Rob Mee with Paul Maritz will continue to run their respective businesses until closing, and then will lead large segments of the combined company. We will continue our initiatives to develop Federation-wide solutions like the software-defined data center and the enterprise hybrid cloud. We will continue to work together in the field when that is in the best interest of our customers. And we remain committed to accelerating our Federation-wide go-to-market efforts while executing on our previously announced $850 million cost reduction program. Finally, as you saw in yesterday's announcement, we intend to combine the capabilities and assets of Virtustream and vCloud Air along with additional cloud assets from EMC into a high-growth Federation cloud business called Virtustream Cloud Services, run by Rodney Rogers. This business will be jointly owned by EMC and VMware, and Rodney is busily putting together next year's plan. To give you a glimpse, we expect this business to be multiple hundreds of millions of dollars in revenues in 2016, and we fully expect this business to be multibillion dollars in size within several years, as all of our Federation businesses drive revenue opportunities for this new cloud service. Importantly, the combination of Virtustream Cloud Services with leading software-defined data center assets in VMware and EMC II gives us a unique and powerful capability to help customers manage their applications, including their most mission-critical applications in the cloud, both on-premise and off-premise. We have received many questions from our shareholders about the transaction structure, the tracking stock, and Dell's intentions with respect to VMware. I would like to make a few comments on these topics, and Zane will offer more detail in his prepared remarks. First, a thriving VMware is vital to the strategic success of EMC's combination with Dell. Dell is highly motivated to do what is necessary to continue VMware's extraordinary track record. The combined company has many high-priority product areas where VMware technology will play a key role. As an example, the software-defined data center is one of the areas where VMware's capabilities are critical to Dell and EMC's product success. Continuing VMware's impressive history of innovation and product leadership is of utmost importance to everyone involved in this transaction. There should be no question about the alignment of interests between Dell and the holders of the tracking stock and the holders of the VMware common stock. At close, Dell will be the largest economic owner of VMware by a wide margin. No one has greater incentive to drive VMware's growth and value creation than Dell. The tracking stock created in connection with the transaction will give EMC shareholders an opportunity to participate in the upside of VMware, which includes the revenue synergies we expect to be created with the help of Dell. I want to remind everyone that this transaction will not result in any changes to the rights of the VMware public stockholders. None of the VMware cash flows or debt capacity will be used to finance this transaction. Let me repeat to make sure everyone is clear on this point. None of the VMware cash flows or debt capacity will be used to finance this transaction. In fact, they will be used to fuel VMware's innovation and growth. I know there are many questions about the structural provisions of the tracking stock. We will cover this aspect in more detail later. In summary, I believe coming together with Dell creates a new company for a new age and a new era of success. I believe it's the best strategic option for our shareholders, customers and partners, and yes, employees. Over time, we will be a stronger and larger company than had we chosen a different strategic alternative. I believe Michael will provide great leadership in bringing the companies together and creating the next chapter in our history. Of course, I will continue to update you on the status of the combination in future earnings calls, but now over to Zane to take you through the quarter and additional details on the transaction. Zane?
Zane C. Rowe - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, we are committed to making sure our shareholders understand the terms of the transaction and the tracking stock. We believe that the transaction with Dell, which delivers $24.05 per share in cash plus approximately 0.111 shares of the VMware tracking stock, provides a very attractive outcome to our EMC shareholders. This transaction is intended to preserve the synergistic relationship across all of our businesses in a tax-efficient manner. The tracking stock is intended to allow shareholders to participate in synergies accruing to VMware as a result of the transaction. We believe this will be the first tracking stock whose tracked assets will include an existing publicly traded common stock. It has several beneficial features. These include, the tracking stock will benefit from oversight by a board that includes independent members. The tracking stock will be a class of common stock of Denali, which is the parent company of Dell. The Board of Directors of Denali will be required to have an audit committee of at least three independent members under listing rules of the NYSE or NASDAQ, which means that the Denali board will consist of at least three independent directors. The Denali Board of Directors will have fiduciary duties to the holders of the tracking stock, just as the VMware board has fiduciary duties to the holders of the VMware common stock. The new security will initially track EMC's interest in a publicly traded company. At the time the security is created, the VMware tracking stock will track the performance of the separate legal entity, VMware, which already has separate audited financials. The tracking stock is therefore expected to initially have greater definition and transparency than precedent tracking stocks. Related-party transactions are subject to oversight by VMware's board. With respect to VMware's relationship to Denali, under VMware's corporate policies, related-party transactions between VMware and Denali are subject to the approval of VMware's audit committee, which is composed solely of independent directors. The holders of the tracking stock will benefit from the VMware board's oversight. Certain actions impacting the tracking stock will require consent from the capital stock committee. With respect to the tracking stockholders' relationship to Denali's other stockholders in connection with the transaction, the Board of Directors of Denali will create a capital stock committee, whose consent will be required for the Denali board to approve certain actions regarding the tracking stock. The majority of the members of this committee must qualify as independent directors. At the time of issuance, the tracking stock will have a high-quality public benchmark and is expected to have more liquidity than the VMware common stock. The VMware common stock should initially provide a relevant existing valuation benchmark for the tracking stock. With approximately 223 million shares of tracking stock to be outstanding compared to today's public float of 79 million VMware shares, we believe this larger float will provide greater liquidity to the investors interested in the VMware. Let me spend a moment discussing the topic of a VMware common stock dividend. VMware does not pay a dividend today, so this topic is more theoretical in nature. If VMware's Board of Directors determined to pay a dividend onto the common stock, the portion of that dividend attributable to the holders of the tracking stock would be for the benefit of the tracking stockholders. Any dividends not distributed by Denali would be allocated to the assets tracked by the tracking stock. Any determination to reallocate or use such amounts for any purpose other than to pay a dividend to the tracking stockholders would require approval of the capital stock committee. We believe the VMware tracking stock has certain advantages versus other tracking stocks and that the VMware tracking stock represents an opportunity to obtain a liquid, economic ownership tracking and initial 53% interest in the VMware business versus the 81% indirect economic ownership that EMC shareholders have today, which cannot be traded separately from the EMC shares they own. The tracking stock will also have an opportunity to share in the synergies that the transaction is expected to create for the VMware business. We believe this combination will create opportunities for continued success of all of the businesses that make up EMC. Integration planning is already underway, led by two of our executives, Rory Read from Dell and Howard Elias from EMC. For additional questions and details on the transaction, please refer to the FAQ section on the website that we will continue to update. Turning to some commentary on our Q3 results, I'd like to add my thanks to the team for all of their hard work this quarter. This morning I'll discuss our consolidated results and provide some additional detail on our major business segments, including Pivotal, VMware, and EMC Information Infrastructure. Our Q3 consolidated revenue totaled $6.08 billion, up 1% year over year and up 5% on a constant currency basis. EPS was $0.43. Consolidated revenue growth in North America was 4% year over year. EMEA was down 3% as reported and up 7% on a constant currency basis. APJ was down 4% and up 3% in constant currency. The region was impacted by continued softness in China. Latin America was up 1% as reported and up 14% in constant currency. As we look at our three major businesses, Pivotal had a solid quarter, with revenue up 16% year over year. Annual recurring revenue at the end of Q3 was $75 million, up 26% quarter over quarter. Bookings were up almost 70% year over year, highlighting Pivotal's ongoing success with its customers. In the automotive sector, for example, Pivotal works with three of the top five global auto manufacturers. At Daimler's Mercedes-Benz business unit, Pivotal is helping design and bring to life the first ever connected car app that ushers in a new era of digital transformation. The Mercedes Me connected car app was created by leveraging Pivotal's entire portfolio, including Pivotal Labs' agile software development methodologies running on Pivotal's modern cloud platform, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and utilizing Pivotal's analytics solutions. VMware revenue within EMC was up 10% year over year and up 14% in constant currency. VMware also reported license revenue up 7% and up 11% on a constant currency basis. License bookings beyond standalone vSphere continue to become more meaningful and represent greater than 60% of total license bookings. The hybrid cloud and SaaS offerings also showed very good growth, with revenue up over 50% year over year. VMware is a central player in the transformation of IT, and their influence continues to grow with their key technologies in the software-defined data center, end-user computing, and hybrid cloud. VMware's success has become an integral part of EMC's success, as demonstrated by our aligned strategies, technology integration, and financial results. VMware represented 27% of EMC's Q3 consolidated revenue and 44% of Q3 consolidated non-GAAP operating income. We intend to form the Cloud Service business as the next step in the evolution of our joint cloud initiative, leveraging increased alignment and tighter cooperation between VMware and EMC. We acquired Virtustream in July with the intent to operate it as a Federation business. In early October we aligned our EMC managed services business with Virtustream. The creation of the CSB will combine VMware's vCloud Air, Virtustream, and the EMC managed services assets. This new business will enable VMware and EMC to create a formidable presence addressing the largest market potential for cloud offerings across hybrid cloud, mission-critical workloads, and managed cloud environments. This jointly-owned company will be formed in Q1 of next year. As Joe mentioned, we expect this to be a business with several hundreds of millions dollars in recurring revenue in 2016, with the opportunity to be a multibillion dollar business over the next several years. EMC Information Infrastructure revenue was $4.3 billion, down 3% year over year and up 2% in constant currency. The storage business within EMC II was down 2% over year and up 3% in constant currency. In addition to the FX impact, storage revenue growth in the quarter was negatively impacted by a higher than expected build in unshipped orders of approximately $100 million. These orders came in too late in the quarter to ship and therefore added to the backlog at the end of the quarter. This impacted our non-GAAP EPS by $0.02. We were once again pleased with the emerging storage revenue, which grew 27% year over year or 32% when normalizing for FX. David will provide you with more details on our storage business in a few minutes. Gross profit was down 1% year over year, primarily due to the impact of FX changes and lower storage product volume in the quarter versus last year. The year-over-year net impact to EPS was $0.01. Operating expense was up 7% year over year. Within EMC II, excluding the impact of VCE accounting and the benefit from FX, operating expenses were up 3% year over year. On a reported basis, operating expense growth impacted EPS by $0.07. Other income improved year over year. The largest portion of this benefit was once again the elimination of the VCE expense from the line last year. The net benefit to year-over-year EPS was $0.04. Lower share count helped EPS by $0.02 versus last year. We ended the quarter with $14.3 billion in total cash and investments and with $1.4 billion in EMC domestic cash. We returned $229 million to shareholders via a quarterly cash dividend. We did not purchase any shares in Q3. Free cash flow was $1.03 billion for the quarter. We are on track with the $850 million of cost reduction and business transformation plans that we told you about on our last call. We are currently working on many initiatives spanning our global operations in 11 major areas, including direct materials procurement, facilities and manufacturing optimization, and SKU simplification. We will continue our relentless focus on being more efficient and building upon the strength of our portfolio. With that, I'll now turn the call over to David to discuss the EMC Information Infrastructure business. David?
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Thanks, Zane. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I will start with some highlights for EMC II in the quarter. Within storage, emerging storage was up 27% year over year and up 32% in constant currency. XtremIO had another strong triple-digit growth quarter and is on track for more than $1 billion in annual bookings this year. Overall storage was down 2% in Q3 and up 3% in constant currency. The business continues to be affected by opposing customer behaviors. On one hand, customer interest and activity in transformational projects continues to be strong. But in general, they also remain cautious about their transactional spend. This caution continues to drive back-end heavy quarters. We also see this in our maintenance renewal bookings, which were up double digits in Q3. These counteracting forces mask some of the progress we're making in transitioning our business. As I mentioned before, these opposing customer behaviors are linked to the broader market shift towards cloud, mobile, social, and big data. And we continue to expect standalone traditional storage systems, which in 2015 were a little over half of the external storage market, to decline at a low teens CAGR from 2014 to 2018, while newer storage technologies like all-flash, scale-out file and objects, converged infrastructure, purpose-built backup appliances, and software-defined storage are expected to grow at high teens CAGR collectively. I now want to apply this lens to our storage business to show you how we are progressing against this macro view of the storage markets. Historically, our storage business was almost entirely traditional standalone storage arrays. And we've been broadening our portfolio to include new architectures and other growth opportunities, including converged infrastructure. As you know, all of the EMC strategic storage product-related revenue is in the storage categories identified as high-end unifying/backup and emerging. If we look back to Q1 of 2013, our traditional standalone VMAX and VNX made up roughly 70% of this aggregate strategic storage business. Looking a bit deeper into the mix of these revenues today, we've reached an interesting inflection point this quarter. Q3 was the first time that the mature standalone VMAX and VNX businesses made up less than half of the aggregate strategic storage business. In other words, the products with the higher growth profile, including all-flash arrays, scale-out file, software-defined storage, converged infrastructure, and next-gen backup are now the bigger proportion of our strategic storage business. This is a good indicator of the progress we've made in our storage portfolio transition. And we've reached this inflection point ahead of the broader markets, moving from almost all standalone storage to a much wider and deeper storage portfolio that fully addresses our customers' changing needs. Our evolving storage and converged infrastructure portfolio provides us with a platform to offer transformative solutions to our customers. As our customers chart their IT transformations, we continue to see increased traction in our solutions and consulting business, where we can truly leverage the power of our Federation portfolio with VMware and Pivotal. For example, when one of the largest defense contractors in the United States undertook an ambitious project to design, influence, and build their next-gen cloud platform, we won this engagement by leading with our consulting services and our enterprise hybrid cloud solution. Our hybrid cloud solution provided them with a foundation to set up a production-level private cloud that scaled, was agile, and supports a self-service model. Now with the aligned capabilities of EMC II, VMware, and Virtustream forming our new Virtustream Cloud Services business, we will also deliver an off-prem cloud experience that is a compatible extension of the EHC on-premise solution. Now turning to our security business, while the overall business was down due to us exiting certain non-strategic product lines, excluding that, the rest of the portfolio was up for Q3. In particular, Archer had a good quarter, with revenue up strong double digits in Q3. Our enterprise content management business continued to shift toward a subscription model and had strong license bookings in the quarter, with further improved profitability in Q3. In closing, I'd like to thank the entire EMC II team for their hard work and dedication. As we look forward, I could not be more excited about the journey that EMC and Dell have announced. Our proposed combined enterprise systems business, headquartered in Massachusetts with key strategic hubs around the world, has the potential to not only be on the top of every large enterprise CIO's list today, but also set us up nicely for the new era of IT. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tony for Q&A. Tony?
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Nicole, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The first question is coming from Mr. Andrew Nowinski from Piper Jaffray & Company. Sir, you may now ask your question.
Andrew James Nowinski - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great, thanks for the question. I just want to ask on the broader market. Western Digital acquiring SanDisk this morning, clearly they have assets in the all-flash system market. And Seagate made an acquisition moving up the stack into the storage system business. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the consolidation that's occurring with two of your suppliers moving more up-market.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Look, I've been saying for a long time that there is a huge secular shift going on in this industry unlike the industry has ever gone on before. And I've also been very clear that you're going to be seeing a lot of consolidation. So, Andrew, you just gave a couple of examples of consolidation happening at the component level. Obviously, one of the big synergies we see in our view with Dell is how we deal with the supply chain, how we'll buy ahead and invest much like Apple does, and make sure we have the right kinds of supply of flash and media that we need to be successful. But obviously, we're moving up a little bit the other way – not a little bit, a lot the other way. So nobody, I don't believe, of the traditional players is going to be able to have a successful strategy of business as usual. You're going to see a lot of movement here because this secular shift is violent. And as I said before, this violent shift has tremendous opportunity if you play it right.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Andrew. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Maynard Um from Wells Fargo. You may now ask your question.
Maynard J. Um - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, thank you. I think when I look at the 50:50 Virtustream venture, your converged EMC/VMware products, and the overlapping sales efforts, it would seem logical for EMC and VMware to be together rather than having these joint ownership structures. I guess I was just wondering if you could walk through why you think these joint ownership structures are the most optimal ones, and also whether the board discussed an option of combining the two companies and why Dell was deemed the one to be the best option. Thanks.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You could check our filings, and you'll see that the board thoroughly investigated a lot of options and thought through a lot of options. Obviously, we did this one because we thought it was the best. This is a different game being played now. If you go back to the client/server era or the last era, everybody stayed neatly in their lane. There was a storage lane. And of course, that's where EMC played. There was a networking lane. That's were Cisco played. There was a server lane. In the early days you had Sun and HP and others. And then of course, you had even a database lane, where Oracle was the big player. Now you go fast-forward; nobody is staying in their lane. There's a tremendous amount. If you look at Oracle, not only are they in the database. They moved up to the apps; they moved over to hardware and software design together. We've moved into converged infrastructure. Cisco has moved into servers and storage, so it's a different world out here now. And basically to play in it, you also have to do coopetition. You have to say this is when I'm going to play with my own stack and this is where we're going to play with others, and the companies that can do that best are redefined, and VMware is at the heart of that. VMware will play very well with us in the company, but it really needs to play with others. And this is why we set up this model, and I really do believe it's the best model. And the winning companies will be able to do what I just said, and I can't think of a better word than coopetition. We'll partner here; we're going to compete here. As long as you understand and you're honest and open, those things can work very well.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Maynard, next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mr. Alex Kurtz from Sterne, Agee & Leach. Your line is now open.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee CRT: Thanks, guys, for taking the question. Joe, back to this $1 billion synergy comment between Dell and VMware, I think a lot of investors are trying to figure out what's incremental. I know this was asked on last week's call, but if you could, go into more detail about why now there's going to be all these incremental opportunities for Dell to sell VSAN and NSX versus a year ago when there was a partnership already with Dell. I think that would be helpful to better detail where you see that moving and what the plans are in place to accelerate that to get to these synergies.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: When you have something in the plan. If you look at let's say for instance, Alex, the leaders in the converged infrastructure, hyper-converged infrastructure area, probably about 70% of them are using their converged infrastructure in a VMware environment, maybe even a little higher. Obviously, Dell is playing in that area. They partner with some of those leading players. They have their own offerings. But by being able to say okay, we'll let VMware be shared, but we're also going to have our own converged infrastructure stack. And every time we sell that converged infrastructure stack, we'll be selling, for instance, VSAN. We'll be selling vSphere. We'll be selling vRealize. So when you look at this – now we've had two of the top consultants in the world – firms, two of the top consulting firms in the world, one Dell hired, so to speak, and one our board hired. And both came back with very similar synergy numbers, and they did it by themselves. And then, of course, we did it combined and compare. So we really do believe these are incremental synergies. We've looked at them hard. You're not going to get them overnight, but I do think they're incremental, and I do think they're large. And I don't think we've done a good job of explaining them to you, and we will pick that up.
Zane C. Rowe - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Alex, this is Zane. I would just add to that that Dell will own 28% of VMware, and it would obviously be highly incentivized to ensure that they achieve those synergies as well.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee CRT: Thanks, guys.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Mr. Steve Milunovich with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Joe, could you update us on your thoughts on private versus public cloud? A few years ago, EMC did a fairly detailed analysis explaining where they thought public made more sense and where private made more sense. It looks like private is a big reason for the relationship with Dell. I know for years you guys had suggested AWS has made public easier to use. You had to make private easier to use. I got that exact same message from Michael a few weeks ago. Could you talk a bit? And obviously, putting all the assets together here moves toward that as well. What's your sense on what customers are doing, and what percentage of storage over time could move to public cloud?
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Steve, I honestly don't believe that public is the right answer or private is the right answer. I really do believe we call it hybrid. I really believe both are the right answers. I just think if you're going to win in life and business, you've got to come from your strength. I don't care whether you're playing a sport or again playing in life of business as we do. Our strength is in data centers. So we've got to come from the private side out, but we've got to offer customers a hybrid experience. Most customers are going to keep a set of data centers, or most big customers will keep a set of data centers for sure. But they're not going to put everything into the data centers and they're not going to continue to build data centers because they know they're going to want to use a public cloud offering too. So some of the traditional players like ourselves are coming what I'd call inside out. We're coming from a private and we're going to offer public. Obviously, Amazon and Azure are coming exactly the opposite way. They started in public and now they're trying to make offerings on the private side. But I truly believe it's not public or private that's going to win, it's the combination that's going to win. And that's why when you look at the assets we have through the envisioned new company, I believe they're second to none. And that's why it makes sense to have the assets VMware has, the assets Pivotal has in their PaaS layer, the assets that we have in our hardware layer, and the assets that EMC and Dell – EMC and VMware have together layer in the software-defined layer. So when you put it together, there's nobody that has a better stack, and that's why it makes sense to approach this market the way we approach it. So it's not one or the other; it's how do you do both well.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thank you, Steve, next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Lou Miscioscia from CLSA. You may now ask your question.
Louis R. Miscioscia - CLSA Americas LLC: Sure. So both VMware and also IBM talked about customers pausing and not spending on infrastructure products, mostly on the software side but I assume also on the hardware side. Obviously, your sales were a bit below expectations. I guess are you also seeing this given that you've talked obviously about all these massive shifts? We've written about it with our 10 Secular Shifts in Storage. And if you are seeing it, how long do you think it will last? Is this something that will go through the end of the year, or will it also be somewhat pervasive all the way through 2016, as some of these changes are rather massive to IT infrastructures?
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me turn that around a little bit. What I honestly think is happening is customers have to spend on their digital transformations. Customers know they need to go to a cloud structure, and I just articulated why it's a hybrid cloud structure. So as they do those two activities, that's taken a tremendous amount of capital and a tremendous amount of effort. And what they're doing for the traditional products, you could call it a pause because that's not a terrible word. But what they're doing is they're basically buying with an eye of – I'm going to buy – because I'm not 100% sure what my future is going to look like, I'm going to buy just enough just in time. And the just-enough part is causing, you called this a pause, but the just-in-time piece is causing us to be tremendously back-end loaded because they're doing a whole set of their own analytics, if you will, to decide what to buy from what vendors, and a lot of that activity ends up in the end of the quarter. So us and everyone I talked to of my peers is lamenting about how late these quarters are coming in, so that's – I think that's more color on the shift. When will it be over? I'll see if David has got a take. But usually when these things happen, you're talking a couple years. This isn't going to go through quick. This is the biggest secular shift I've seen in my 45-year career. David, do you want to add anything to that?
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Yeah. Lou, hopefully you can hear me from London. What I would just add to that is that we saw that in our business this quarter. We talked about this juxtaposition between transformational spending and transactional spending. We said that we had a very late quarter. That's why we had backlog build by about $100 million more than we planned and $100 million more than we exited Q2 at. And then also we saw another phenomenon where not only were things late, but we had a number of projects that were awarded to us in the last days of the quarter that we would have (43:25) normally complete in the quarter, we now expect to finalize and book early in Q4. So this phenomenon of just-enough, just-in-time ripples through our business. We also mentioned that we saw double-digit increases in maintenance renewals, which is indicative of people actually renewing rather than refreshing. So you see it reflected in a number of aspects of what we talked about this quarter.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Lou, next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Let's just go on to the next question, please.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey – never mind, can you hear me?
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Now we can hear you.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Sorry, (44:23). So I'm just curious what's going on on the VMAX side and what you guys expect going forward because obviously the growth rates are down over the last couple of quarters. I'm just wondering what the expected trajectory is on a combined basis going forward.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Sure, hi. This is David, let me take that. I think we said to you earlier in the year that we expect that the VMAX will decline at roughly the same rate this year as it did last year, and we're on track for that. And as we said, the secular change in the industry creates a situation where the more traditional parts of the business are declining at a market growth rate in the low teens and the higher growth segments of the business are climbing in the high teens. We also explained that this quarter for the first time we actually had the inflection point where the higher-growth parts are now the biggest piece of the business. Actually 52% to 48% is the mix, so we've made that inflection in front of the marketplace. So we think our mix of business will actually be good going forward. But back to your question on VMAX, very much on track with what we see happening in the market and in line with the expectations for the growth for the year.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it, and then just one quick one. How do you think about the market share basically on a combined basis with Dell and EMC in terms of NAS and SAN and then maybe even the emerging bucket, and what percentage of share do you guys have?
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: We're not really going to talk more than our own share right now. Globally, we have about a 30 point market share. As Joe said, when you actually double-click into the data center where people run mission-critical apps, our market share for us in the data center is close to 50 points, so that is our strength. And the products from Dell are more complementary and not in the same markets as we have our major strength today.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it, thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Toni Sacconaghi from Sanford Bernstein. You may now ask your question.
A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. VMware stock is trading at slightly under $60 in the premarket today. I think part of that is the reaction to the joint ownership structure of the new Virtustream combination and the associated losses in incremental CapEx that VMware is going to be burdening going forward. The consequence is that EMC stock is trading at $26.50 in the premarket as a result of VMware going down. So I guess the question is, why was this JV structure put in place? Was this done solely – was this a condition of the deal and discussed with Dell previously? But it feels like it's shifting an incremental expense to VMware shareholders and to tracking stock owners, which is, at least now the market is saying, impacting their perception of the value of the deal. So I was wondering if you could comment on that, please.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Toni. This is Joe. I can absolutely guarantee everybody on this call or everybody in the world, Dell had absolutely nothing to do with this transaction. This was a transaction driven primarily out of VMware with us. It makes no sense for us to have – even though Virtustream, which is really working on the mission-critical side and vCloud Air, which is more working on the hybrid and ad hoc side, there is overlap. And there is no other company – and companies much bigger than we are with much bigger revenues and cash flows have two clouds. So combining it I think you'd agree makes a lot of sense. I can tell you that the CapEx that was talked about has not been filtered. That was just a raw ask from the companies. We have not taken that through a process. Obviously, half of that will be paid by EMC. And the other part of that CapEx was Virtustream uses a lease model when they buy – when they use – or get equipment and technology for their data center and their data centers, and VMware used a cash model. This flipped it to a cash model, which I'm not sure is the right thing, but that makes a significant difference. So there's a lot of work to be done in that. But I could tell you that what I think didn't come across was that putting these together will actually save money and actually put more profit on the VMware bottom line. It will lower gross margin percentage, but it will not – it will increase not a whole lot, but slightly. And of course, as it gets more successful over the years, it will increase gross margin dollars. So again, Dell had nothing to do with driving this. There's been a lot of conspiracy theories out there. This was driven more by VMware than anybody else. And EMC has obviously believed this was a great and good thing to do. And again, we'll look at everybody's issues and we'll make sure that we present it in a better light in the future.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thanks, Toni, next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Rod Hall from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, thank you for taking my question. This is Arky (50:03) on behalf of Rod. The SG&A expense was quite a bit higher than what we expected. Could you comment on what's driving that, please?
Zane C. Rowe - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The biggest piece of that as you look year over year is the impact of the VCE accounting that we've talked about for some time. As you adjust that out, if you were to look at, say, operating margins, if you took that out as well as the impact on FX, I think you get to a more normalized rate where at least on the operating side were up – it was up just incrementally, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So I would tell you that it's the VCE accounting that impacted that probably more than anything.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thank you, next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. You may now ask your question.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, thanks very much. I heard your comments on the impact of the just-in-time and just-enough behavior from clients given all the disruption out there. Can you also offer your comments on the competitive environment? Clearly, we've seen a number of new offerings in the flash space specifically, both from startups and from the incumbents. And I was just curious how you're seeing that play out in terms of pricing and competition.
David I. Goulden - Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure: Simona, hi. This is David. Let me take that for you. So first of all, obviously the competitive environment you would expect to show up in our gross margins. And the good news is that if you look at both storage and EMC II for the quarter, you exclude the impact of VCE, you exclude the impact of FX, gross margins were up. So the mix of our business, our ability to compete and basically get the value of our products despite a slower market is actually very good. And then related to that, a lot of the things you talked about in the new area would be in our emerging storage category, which I'm pleased to tell you is still on track to grow over 30% this year. We'll end the year in the fourth quarter being our second-largest product category. XtremIO had good triple-digit growth and is on track for more than $1 billion of bookings in 2015. So those are the areas that we focus where some of the newer players are also playing. And as you see, we're doing exceptionally well. We're on plan, and we're actually increasing on a normalized basis our gross margins.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: Thank you for the question.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa - Vice President-Global Investor Relations: We are out of time, so we're going to have a few comments from Joe to sign off the call.
Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think to be – and I always am self-critical, I don't think we've done as good a job as we need to do in explaining the power of this combination and explaining why it's not only good for EMC shareholders and Dell, but also is going to be very good for the VMware shareholders. We are going to do more of a roadshow and we'll be getting to you, and we posted more on the web. But every fiber in my body believes this is good for both the VMware shareholders, the EMC shareholders, and other stakeholders as well. The other thing that's missed is this was the 24th quarter in a row, 24 consecutive quarters we've had year-on-year growth. The beat was only 1%. But when you compare to players that were born in the same era that we were, there are very few, if any other, of the players that can say that, 24 quarters in a row of 1% growth. So customers are responding well. This is a very secular shift, dramatic secular shift we're going through. But I submit despite all the disruptions that: A), are happening around us; and B), we're causing ourselves some needlessly, we are performing well, and that's only because customers realize the value of what we bring to market. And if we continue to do our job well and explain it better to you, I think we're going to have a great outcome, and I owe you that and you will get that. So thank you very much for being with us today. Thank you for your patience. And again, we'll be very active with you and on our website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - VP, Global IR Joe Tucci - Chairman and CEO David Goulden - EMC Information Infrastructure CEO Zane Rowe - CFO
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Steve Milunovich - UBS Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Aaron Rakers - Stifel Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Q2 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP, Global Investor Relations of EMC. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2015. Today, we are joined by EMC’s Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure CEO; and Zane Rowe, EMC’s CFO. Joe will begin our discussion with his view of the market environment and EMC’s strategy, and execution. Zane will then discuss the consolidated EMC results, some additional details regarding our performance and our outlook. David will comment on the EMC Information Infrastructure business, what he has seen in the market, and the Q2 performance. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. We are providing you with our projected financial model for 2015. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discreet financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today’s slides available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation, unless otherwise indicated. A reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today’s press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thank you, Tony. I’d like to begin by welcoming everyone to our Q2 earnings call. From my perspective, our results in Q2 were mixed. I am pleased to report that we met our EPS target. However, we did fall a bit short of our revenue expectations. For the record, revenue was $6.1 billion and EPS was $0.43. And once again, we faced a very backend loaded quarter. I am very pleased that in the quarter the six growth initiatives, which we reviewed with you at our recent strategic forum, continue to grow at accelerated rates. XtremIO, ViPR-ECS-ScaleIO, NSX and AirWatch all experienced very strong growth. Pivotal had an outstanding quarter with product bookings up triple digits. And DSSD is receiving as much customer interest as any product we have ever introduced. In fact demand beta E systems was off the charts. That said, we continue to see declines in our traditional storage products as customers are becoming more conservative around refreshing their traditional infrastructures as they plan our IT transformation and roll out there digital agenda. The good news here is that we are holding our technology footprint in these accounts. We also experienced continued pressure on our businesses in China and Russia, largely due to geopolitical issues. All these factors impacted our top line results. I will leave at it to Zane and David to take you through the details of Q2 or I would like to give my perspective on what’s happening in our markets and its impact on EMC. Our customers are now focused on and investing in digital transformation and their journey to the hybrid cloud. As a result, we see them changing their traditional operating models and buying patterns. To fund these new initiatives, customers are reducing costs on their platform to applications and infrastructures. This is creating a just in time just enough buying process. This effect is continuing to manifest itself in very backend loaded quarters. We expect these buying patterns to continue in the near-term and despite our new businesses ramping very nicely, we believe it is prudent to reduce our full year forecast by $400 million. We now expect 2015 revenue to be $25.3 billion and we expect non-GAAP EPS to be $1.87 for the year. Now while we are disappointed that we are reducing our expectations for the year, we remain confident in our strategy we believe we can and will do better. To help ensure we improve our performance, we are going to execute on our growth strategy, reduce our cost base and take additional steps to manage the trends in our traditional storage business. We are implementing significant actions in each company and across the Federation to drive greater operating leverage, additional synergies and increased customer relevance. On the cost front, we have launched a program to reduce our existing cost base by $850 million annually with run rates savings achieved by the end of 2016. As these cost efficiencies materialize, we will reinvest some portion of these savings to further strengthen our growth agenda. On a strategic front, we the EMC Federation of companies have a tremendous opportunity in front of us. They need to become the most trusted partner to our current and perspective customers as they embark on their transformation and hybrid cloud journeys. Our customers consistently tell us that they believe in our vision that they drive significant value from collective Federation offerings. We are helping them deliver outstanding results through our broad and deep products, services and solutions portfolios. IT market opportunity to assist customers with their digital transformation and their move to hybrid cloud computing is massive. Market research firms estimate that the third-party managed and hosting cloud market will grow at more than 30% per year and reach $124 billion by 2020. And these estimates do not include the rapid growth of customers managing their own private clouds. While estimates for digital transformation vary greatly, they all point to a multi-hundred billion dollar market by 2020 which will have an even faster growth rate than a hybrid cloud market. These are the high growth markets we are squarely focused on and will continue to invest in heavily. To capture these opportunities, we are aligning our businesses even more tightly, especially EMC II, VMware. Together we have developed a market/growth strategy that has four main pillars. Pillar one is anchored in our best in class products and solutions that are and/or will be offered as a service. For instance, EMC II provides the broadest range of storage, data protection and converged infrastructure capabilities for the hybrid cloud covering all classes of data and price points. VMware provides modern software-defined infrastructure capabilities with the hybrid cloud and management of mobile devices. Pivotal has an increasing number of deep digital transformation engaged with major companies to enable and to do modern agile digital product development and do so on a modern open cloud apps and data platform. RSA’s increasingly focused on their rapidly growing security analytics and next generation identity solutions as well as extending their market leadership and governance risk and compliance. Pillar two is our expanded focus on cloud services for both and on and off premise implementations. As part of this pillar, we are pleased the Virtustream acquisition is now closed and are thrilled to have Rodney, Kevin and the entire Virtustream team as an integral and important part of the family. They are key elements of our growth agenda. As we indicated when we announced this acquisition, Virtustream will be a Federation asset. It brings us unique capabilities in area of mission critical workloads such as SAP. One of our most important partnerships is with SAP. And I am pleased to say that Virtustream has just signed an agreement with SAP to become a premier global provider of SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud services. We’ll provide you a comprehensive update on our cloud services strategy later this quarter. Pillar three is a better coordinated go-to-market approach including information of the Federation level of go-to-market organization. We have consistently heard from many of our largest customers that they desire a more aligned offering across our sales force. They want fewer, but highly trusted partners to take them on their journey to the digital cloud future. Beyond our largest customers, we are accelerating account level planning and bringing the coordinated message and offerings to the market. Pillar four, our most important pillar is all about our solid leadership team and the extremely talented people we have across the globe, which I have the distinct pleasure to work with everyday. They are smart, dedicated and are now working even closer together with a laser focus on a success of our customers. Importantly we know that when EMC and VMware work closely together and both have a significant presence and accounts, the business volume for VMware and EMC respectively almost doubles compared with accounts where only one company has a strong presence. Collectively, these four pillars of our market agenda will allow us to better serve our customers, improve competitiveness, increase satisfaction and drive our overall revenue and growth rate. And finally and very importantly, the board is working closer with management to help ensure our market leadership and the next generation of technology. The board is also deeply engaged in a smart navigation of the CEO succession process. And we are very focused on opportunities that will enhance the shareholder value. Now I will turn the call over to Zane to take you through the numbers and then David to walk you through EMC II results for the quarter. Zane, it’s all yours.
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Joe. Good morning everyone. First off I want to thank the entire team for their efforts in helping deliver our results this quarter. There are few areas I would elaborate on within my prepared remarks. We’re becoming a more strategic and relevant partner as our customers are increasingly asking us to deliver solutions that’s been across all of our businesses. We’re also seeing success in the growth areas of our portfolio where we have been investing for some time. These businesses are performing well and meeting our expectations. However, we are continuing to see pressure in parts of our traditional storage categories like high-end and unified. We’re initiating a significant cost reduction and business transformation effort that will reduce our expenses, make us more efficient, and improve how we operate our business. Our Q2 consolidated revenue totaled $6.1 billion, up 3% year-over-year and up 8% on a constant currency basis. EPS was $0.43. Looking across our three primary businesses, EMC Information Infrastructure revenue grew 1% year-over-year, VMware increased 10% and Pivotal increased 18%. Consolidated revenue growth in the Americas was up 9% year-over-year. EMEA was down 3% and was impacted by FX. On a constant currency basis, EMEA was up 8%. APJ was down 1%, up 5% constant currency. And Latin America was down 15% as reported and down 4% in constant currency. The transformation of EMC’s business has required significant resources over the last number of years. We have built and bought some of the best assets and technology, and have created a leading portfolio products and solutions. The performance of businesses such as XtremIO, AirWatch and Pivotal is growing evidence of the progress of EMC’s transformation. We’re confident that we will continue to see success across our new growth initiatives as businesses develop their IT agendas. As Joe mentioned engagements with customers involving transformational change are growing. As customers begin to step towards their digital transformation and develop their digital agendas, the more transactional spend in traditional storage like high-end and unified remain under pressure as many customers are purchasing these product categories primarily to cover short-term needs. This phenomenon is having an extended impact across our enterprise customer base. As a result, we are reducing our revenue outlook for 2015 to $25.3 billion. We are however pleased with the progress we’re making in the growth businesses which are forecast to meet their revenue goals for the year. We’ve been disciplined in our approach to developing parts of the portfolio that will deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. To do so, we’ve been actively rebalancing resources from traditional businesses to growth businesses. While we’ve been reducing costs across our mature businesses, much of that benefit has been masked by the investments we’ve also been making in our growth areas. I have mentioned previously that we’ve been examining all parts of the business to control expenses on both the COGS and OpEx lines. However, the continued pressure in traditional storage is changing the equilibrium of this model. As a result, we’re initiating a cost reduction and business transformation program to better align our expenses and improve our operations. While we’ve been working to make our model more efficient, this program to reduce our current annual cost base by $850 million will enable us to achieve positive change at a faster pace. Tough decisions will need to be made that this will help ensure all parts of our business have a return profile that helps us achieve our collective strategic and operational goals. The near-term financial impact is tied to tighter spending controls and some reduction in position. Additional savings from this program will be achieved through business transformation including operational process redesign, organizational realignment, and portfolio streamlining. We will begin to see the impact of the program in the fourth quarter of this year with a reduction in our existing cost base of $50 million, which is reflected in our EPS outlook of the $1.87 for 2015. In 2016, the structural improvements we plan to put in place throughout the year are targeted to result in us exiting 2016 with an operating model poised to deliver the $850 million in savings. For your modeling purposes, we are targeting a Q4 2016 expense reduction of between $125 million and $175 million, net of the associated ongoing funding of the program itself. We will provide you with the information on the related charge and headcount reductions when finalized, and additional details of the program as we roll it out over the upcoming year. We have not included any associated charges or free cash flow impacts in our outlook for this year. As Joe mentioned, we will invest a portion of these savings in our growth agenda to bring out new solutions and products, and drive additional Federation success. We believe that our ongoing portfolio management efforts combined with these optimization actions will help us stay ahead of the market shift while setting a solid foundation for the future. Ultimately, this transformation will allow us to drive growth; better serve our customers, shareholders, and employees. As the industry and companies are working through the transformation in IT, we have developed a federated approach that helps customers with their biggest challenges, positions all of our businesses more strategically and represents a strong competitive differentiator. We’re also putting into place a go-to-market organization, entirely focused on working with our largest customers on a cross-federation basis to better deliver value and drive growth for the business. Changes here include the creation of Federation level bid teams, account management and ordering capability designed to help customers get more value from our offering. Customers are increasingly looking to transform their businesses to become more agile. They’re looking to leverage new capabilities and approaches to be delivered as comprehensive solution versus putting individual technology products together themselves. We more than ever before, are selling a number of solutions comprised of tightly integrated capabilities from across our Federation of businesses. Examples include custom business transformation engagement and pre-engineered solutions, such as enterprise hybrid cloud, data lakes and security analytics. We now have a more strategic level of engagement than we would if each of the various businesses were engaging with the customers independently. A Q2 example of cross-Federation strategic relevance is our relationship with the major U.S. insurance company. This was initially a services led engagement focused on helping the customers port a new application environment. It began with an enterprise hybrid cloud deployed on Vblocks. This EHC infrastructure supported Cloud Foundry PaaS for a new critical application that was developed by Pivotal Labs. With the success of this engagement, we’re now adding data protection capabilities to the same foundation. This was a broad Federation opportunity including XtremIO, Vblocks, VMware technologies, ViPR, PCF, Pivotal Labs, VPLEX, VMAX and data domain brought together in one solution. Our ability to help customers in this way differentiates us from the competition. It’s likely that we wouldn’t have had this opportunity without the close integration across our businesses. Another aspect of our capability is how we’re helping customers move to the cloud. We’ve seen success with our public cloud offering vCloud Air complementing our on-premise private cloud. With the recently completed acquisition of Virtustream, we will now augment that with a leading position in cloud services for mission-critical workloads including SAP. Our hybrid cloud portfolio now spans the entire spectrum of customer cloud requirement from on-prem private to managed off-prem to public cloud. Enterprises and service providers are looking for simpler infrastructure deployment models as they scale their cloud capabilities. Given the well-known benefit of converged infrastructure, it is a rapidly growing opportunity as more customers turn to this model. In fact, a recent survey of 150 CIOs conducted by a large investment bank, shows that 71% of those surveyed expect to adopt converged infrastructure within the next three years. Even more telling, the same group says that CI’s share of data center spend will increase by a third by the end of 2016.  EMC has been ahead of this trend with our VCE business and is very well positioned as CI becomes a bigger piece of the spending pie. We continue to show good success in CI as demonstrated by the greater than 30% growth in Vblock and related revenue in Q2. We have also been broadening out our offering in the CI space to better address a variety of customer need. David will discuss the broader CI strategy and the integration of VCE in a few minutes. With the strength of some of the best IT professionals in the business, we have developed an incredibly strong technology and product portfolio. Over the course of the last few quarters, we have highlighted six of our growth opportunities including Pivotal, AirWatch, NSX, XtremIO and our Software-Defined Storage offering and DSSD. While they have required a sizable investment, they also offer significant growth opportunity through our federated approach. Importantly, we continue to see meaningful results collectively from these fix. And we’re on track to reach our $2 billion revenue outlook for 2015. Turning to Pivotal, revenue was up 18% year-over-year. With much of Pivotal’s business being a subscription model, revenue is not the clearest measure of progress. A common way to measure the growth of subscription businesses is the Annual Recurring Revenue also known as ARR and in Q2 Pivotal ARR was $60 million, up almost 60% quarter to quarter. Pivotal’s mission is accelerate how companies lien into their digital future. In order to do that, enterprise customers need to transform how they build software on an open cloud native platform. Pivotal’s cloud native platform, Pivotal Cloud Foundry enables developers to produce next generation applications and user experiences as well as transform existing applications to operate with greater speed at lower cost. Given the performance so far, we are confident that PCF is on track to become the industry’s leading open cloud native platform. Pivotal Labs, the agile software development business has been credited with helping shape the development culture of Silicon Valley’s most influential and valuable companies. When you couple our open cloud natives and analytics platforms with our unique approach to software development, it explains why Pivotal is sort out by the world’s largest enterprises. As a result, we are highly confident in Pivotal’s evolution as a high growth business marked by our ability to help large enterprises in their digital transformation journey. We’re starting to see vertical markets with a greater urgency to become digital as the competitive dynamics in those markets are driving the need for rapid change. An early example is in the automotive sector where pivotal works with three of the top five global automotive manufacturers. The change in this vertical is driven by new digital companies pressuring the incumbents on product, on business model and on experience, all using software. Another vertical of financial services where pivotal works with three of the top five North American financial services institution. The existing businesses are changing their models due to the emergence of a number of successful financial services alternatives, all using software to compete in providing a better product, business model and experience. We believe Pivotal is now in the strongest position in its two-year history. We have the right subscription based model, the right modern cloud, native and analytics platforms and the right software development services capabilities. Pivotal is uniquely qualified to help the world’s largest enterprises, successfully transforming to great software companies. VMware had another solid quarter with license bookings beyond standalone vSphere greater than 60% of total license bookings, up from more than 50% year-over-year. This helped drive revenue growth of 10% year-over-year, 13% in constant currency. VMware continues to diversify its businesses through expanding its portfolio of products for enabling the software-defined enterprise. Both AirWatch and NSX are continuing their positive momentum. AirWatch license bookings were up 60% year-over-year on a constant currency basis and it continues to be the clear leader in enterprise mobility management. NSX is also doing well with first half license bookings almost doubling versus the first half last year. NSX proofs of concept accelerate very quarter and in Q2, the number of customers increased over 700% year-over-year. Another example of the value of our cross-Federation capabilities across VMware, Pivotal and EMC II is a recent win at a large German industrial company. This customer was looking for an automated cloud solution to run third platform apps and enable there internet of things initiative. We were able to bring them a cohesive fully integrated solution including VMware SDDC, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, enterprise hybrid cloud and ViPR. We were able to help them with a step in their digital transformation and won the strategic deal due to the Federation approach and best in class technology stack. While David will provide more color on the storage business, I will point out a few highlights with regards to the three storage related growth opportunities. As I noted earlier, XtremIO had another great quarter with year-over-year revenue growth exceeding 300%. And as the clear market segment leader, it has certainly been a big success. Our Software-Defined Storage offering including ViPR, ScaleIO and ECS is continuing to gain traction with customers including ViPR controller revenue growing triple digits over last year. And there is also a great interest in ScaleIO with over 6,000 downloads in Q2. Very positive early reaction from customers regarding DSSD is encouraging as we head toward general availability later this year. And within our RSA, the combination of security analytics, next generation identity management and GRC revenue was up double-digit. Q2 consolidated gross profit was flat year-over-year. And within this, EMC II gross profit was down 4%. In order to give you a more comparable view of gross profit performance, adjusting for FX and VCE, EMC II gross profit grew slightly year-over-year. Consolidated operating profit declined 11% year-over-year and EMC II operating profit was down 21%. Both results were impacted by the inclusion of VCE and FX fluctuation. Adjusting for VCE and FX, EMC II operating profit was up year-over-year. On a reported basis, the decline in operating profit impacted EPS by $0.06. Other income improved year-over-year. The largest portion of this benefit was the elimination of VCE expense from this line versus last year. The net benefit to year-over-year EPS was $0.04. Lower share count helped EPS by $0.02 versus last year, as a result of our ongoing buyback program. A few comments on the balance sheet and cash flow: EMC consolidated cash and investments in Q2, was $14.8 billion, $2.5 billion of which is EMC ex-VMware domestic cash. Short-term debt totaled $1.9 billion, as we’ve been accessing the commercial paper markets during the quarter. We expect to complete our $3 billion share repurchase plan for the year and have repurchased $2 billion through the first-half of this year. Free cash flow in the quarter was $647 million; this was impacted by VMware’s GSA payment in the quarter. For 2015, we expect free cash flow to be $4 billion, a $100 million reduction from prior expectation, as a result of the change in our outlook. In summary, the Federation approach is working well as EMC is becoming an increasingly strategic partner with customers as they contemplate their digital agenda. Our focus on solutions, converged infrastructure and best in breed products is strengthening our position and delivering portfolio growth. We’ve initiated a program to reduce our existing expense base by $850 million. And while this will necessitate the need to make some tough decisions, it will strengthen the company, allow us to continue to invest in and grow the business, enhance our position as a technology leader, and generate shareholder value. We are focused on the right opportunities; we have the best people; the strongest portfolio; and an improving operational structure to support the business. With that, I’ll turn the call over to David. David?
David Goulden: Thanks Zane. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I’d like to start by thanking the entire EMC II team for continuing to execute well in an IT market that is changing rapidly. We have a verystrong growing portfolio and we continue to leverage very effectively to create new and differentiated outcomes and strong ROI for our customers. This morning, I’ll focus my comments on the storage and the converged infrastructure elements of the EMC II portfolio. Overall storage revenue grew 1% this quarter and was up 6% in constant currency. Within this, emerging storage grew 49% led by XtremIO, Isilon and Software-Defined Storage. XtremIO had its biggest bookings quarter ever and on track to achieve well over $1 billion in bookings this year, while Isilon continued a strong traction in big data analytics running Hadoop workloads. BRS improved in Q2 helped by the launch of the new high-end data domain system. Our high-end and unified businesses continue to see pressure as Joe and Zane mentioned earlier. So, let me give you some more color on what we see is happening within the storage markets. As enterprises continue their secular shift to the new digital age defined by cloud, mobile, social and big data, we now expect the overall external storage market to grow at a 2% to 3% CAGR from 2014 to 2018. Within this, we expect new storage technologies like flash, converged infrastructure and Software-Defined Storage to grow at a high teens CAGR from 2014 to 2018, while standalone traditional storage systems are expected to decline at low teens CAGR. We also believe that most enterprises and organizations will adopt the hybrid cloud approach to drive their IT transformation incorporating, both traditional and newer storage architectures. A hybrid cloud combines the benefits of both private and public clouds to allow not only a smoother, self-paced transformation for existing applications, but also a platform for building and running new applications. And as you would expect, enterprises are in various stages of their IT transformation. Customers who have not yet embarked on transformational initiatives are very cautious about their transactional spending. While those who have made transformational decisions are spending aggressively on these new initiatives, they’re also remaining very disciplined about their transactional spending. Transformational initiatives are not just about hybrid cloud, the new digital applications, they can also include infrastructure transformation via converged infrastructure and storage transformations via flash, storage sharing, software-defined and software-managed architectures. As transactional spending remains cautious, we now believe that the additional storage market will not improve this year. Therefore, while our expectations for growth in overall mix in the storage market for long-term have not changed materially, the overall storage market will grow less than the 2014 to 2018 CAGR this year. Beyond 2015, we expect overall storage growth to improve due to favorable mix shifts towards new applications and IT transformations. Given our revised expectations for the storage market, we do not expect the pressure on our traditional storage business, primarily VMAX and VNXe this year. As a result, we now expect our storage business to grow at 1% this year. Excluding both health and consolidating VCE and third from FX, storage growth is also expected to be 1%. As the storage market continues to transition, we’ve been working actively to evolve our storage portfolio towards flash, Software-Defined Storage, big data and cloud to remain ahead of market. We align our internal operations and go-to-market to adopt the changing market by forming our core technology division and emerging technology division last year and by consolidating VCE into EMC II. And to optimize our cost structure within EMC II by continuing to rebalance our resources to self fund our growth initiatives. As Zane mentioned, we initiated a new cost reduction program to accelerate our efforts to optimize our business. As a large part of the Federation, the majority of this program will be focused upon EMC II. This new cost translation program consists of traditional cost reduction initiatives with focus on areas like indirect procurement, facilities, continued labor, standard control and margining product lifecycle investments in traditional storage and business transformation initiatives focus on areas including product design to operation enhancements, direct and cost of goods sold, spending reductions, simplification, CSAT [ph] optimization and quote to order to cash digitization. We have already have teams working on each of these and expect approximately equal savings from both the traditional cost savings initiatives and the business transformation initiatives. As our customers become even more focused on outcomes and work with fewer more strategic vendors, the traction we’re getting with our larger customers is very encouraging. Today, I will share just a few of those customer wins with you, the focus of a multimillion dollar transformational deals using our Federation solutions like Enterprise Hybrid Cloud and the recently announced, Business Data Lake solution. One of Europe’s largest financial institutions wants to build out a private cloud platform and move existing mobile applications from two of the largest public clouds to their own platform. They chose to build out their private platform using the Federation EHC solution and running on Vblocks. EMC won this deal, above one of the largest global competitors not only because we have the best technical solution but also because EMC was the only vendor who could meet this customer’s business critical timeline. When a large salvation bank needs to migrate their cloud base data center and improve their IT agility and process managements, they turn to EMC with some of the world’s largest IT providers due to the completeness of our Federation offerings. The customers embrace EMC Federation’s vision of enterprise hybrid cloud for infrastructure, Pivotal PaaS for application management and EMC ViPR for automated storage management. A large U.S. based nonprofit healthcare provider chose to deploy the Federation Business Data Lake solution to build out a foundation for population health analytics. After attending our Big Data Vision Workshop, the organization decided to partner with EMCs instead of using a do-it-yourself approach. EMC won that business by helping them plan their execution model for the integration of Data Lake and supporting technologies. As you know, converged infrastructure continues to be not only the major building block of our federation solutions but also increasingly a primary way that customers are deploying infrastructure to support the existing and new workloads. Since we consolidated VCE within EMC II at the start of the year, we’ve been broadening out our offerings in the CI space to better address the variety of customer needs. For the more traditional business critical workloads, we continue to expand our CI block portfolio with introduction of VxBlocks. For the newer workloads that are more suited for hybrid converged and software-defined infrastructures, we’re rapidly building out our RACK and appliance [ph] CI portfolio with the launch of VxRack and VSPEX Blue respectively. The launch of VxRack EMC World was very well received and we look forward to starting shipments of this new class of CI system later this quarter. The ability to leverage our capabilities across the federation including VMware and Pivotal is an important competitive advantage, enables EMC not only to offer market leading converged infrastructure but also to provide the solutions based upon CI that our customers increasingly value. Now turning to storage product highlights, we are very pleased with the emerging storage growth this quarter, where Isilon, XtremIO and our Software-Defined Storage portfolio that includes ViPR, ECS and ScaleIO continue to do very well and expand our total addressable market by adding both net new customers and net new workloads. Emerging storage is now at nearly $3 billion revenue run rate and we expect this bucket to grow more than 30% for this year. And our market share in most emerging storage categories continues to be much higher than our market share in traditional external storage. At the same time, both high-end and unified continue to be the leading products in their respective markets where the bulk of storage spending occurs today. And we are very focused on maintaining our lead here. The install base for both products remains a positive with a stable VMAX space and VNX winning almost 1500 new to EMC customers this quarter. VMAX and VNX continue to expand installed flash capacity very nicely and both improved their net promoter scores significantly this quarter. As Joe mentioned, we are taking additional steps to manage trends in our traditional storage business. These include go-to-market activities such as enhanced refresh programs in our own install base as well as competitive displacement programs and simplifying our traditional portfolio with fewer components and fewer SKUs. As we look forward to rest of the year, we’re excited about the new products that we have already announced such as VxRack, new high-end Data Domain, XtremIO 4.0, ECS 2.0 and FAST.X for VMAX. I expect them to start contributing more meaningfully moving forward and we have a great set of announcements lined up for the second half such as new Isilon systems and DSSD to name only two. In summary, we still expect our storage business to grow in 2015, both reported and ex-FX and VCE. The new businesses are performing exceptionally well and we’re getting more aggressive with programs, refreshes and costs in our traditional businesses. Going forward, the favorable mix towards new applications and transformational spend will help us do better beyond 2015. With that I will turn it over to Tony for Q&A. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarification. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Caroline, can we open up the lines for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Good morning guys. Joe, you talked at the end of your comments about the board being deeply engaged about the succession process and looking to enhance shareholder value. Could you just talk about what’s the timeline you think for the board to reach a conclusion for both these things? And what are the ways of options you guys are possibly looking at enhanced shareholder value beyond the restructuring initiative you talked about?
Joe Tucci: I really don’t want to comment on time. I use the word smartly actively navigating the process. And I have said point-blank. I am very committed, love this company and we give the board the time they need to properly make sure that navigation and succession process works terrifically. So, I don’t want to put a deadline on the board but they are actively engaged, let me put it that way. On your second point, I’m not going to tell exactly everything but let me do it this way, right? The board and management, we understand that the IT industry is in the midst of a sea change, huge sea change. We understand that business as usual is rarely a good strategy when an industry is going through this kind of turbulence. The companies that will be successful are the ones that are able to truly transform themselves. The board and management, we are focused on assuring that and we are deeply engaged in making sure we have a very successful transformation. We have a number of options really good options and we have important next generation winning technologies, great assets and we have great people. So, we are on it. And I think you’re seeing that in addition to smartly navigating the IT landscape. Now we are also really seriously addressing our costs here to make sure that we as we go through this transformation. And you look at the rates that our new assets are growing, it is an incredibly impressive. And we have great assets around digital transformation, hybrid cloud, security analytics, next generation PaaS, mobile device management, security, and I can go on. So basically, we’re in a good position. We’re one of the few companies that of our age and born when we were born, mostly in the client severe era that is producing quarter after quarter of top line growth, be it not as fast it was; this quarter was 3% year on year. When you compare us to our peers, I think we’re going through this inflection point. And as David said, I do believe that 2015 is the trough and you’ll see improvement as we go through. So, those are all the things; it’s kind of stream of consciousness I just went through. I know what is specifically exactly what you want. You don’t want to know the when, the what but I just wanted to give you some of the vast opportunities we have and the result that we have to not only continue to drive our top line but basically our bottom line and go through this transformation and produce -- very importantly, produce shareholders value.
Operator: Our next question is from Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron: I guess, it’s good to hear that finally you’re taking a little bit more aggressive cost cutting initiatives. But going back to the commentary, Joe, on what you’ve started to see as far as enterprise is trying to slow down spending and some of the geopolitical factors. I mean the one element that’s missing out of this whole discussion is the competitive front. Could you give us a little bit more color and what you’re seeing on that competitive side, maybe David you can comment on that as well? We’re seeing a lot of new flash based vendors out there growing quite strongly; we’re seeing new hyper-converged vendors being extremely successful into marketplace and in some cases displacing you from real big competitors -- customers. I am just trying to gauge how much of their competitive element is a part of an issue here and I was just a little bit surprised not to hear almost anything about that during the discussion.
Joe Tucci: It’s really interesting, Ittai. If you looked at what we’re doing at each one of those categories, we’re clearly a leader. If you look there and David should do this, not me, but if you look at XtremIO versus all the other flash players, significantly bigger; significantly faster growth. If you look -- we didn’t even release DSSD yet, but I could tell you, I have never seen a product has that -- for the demand for betas and the excitement around DSSD. So, when you look at the all flash space, we’re in phenomenal shape. If you look at hyper-converged and what we’re doing in VCE, what we’re doing with the VSPEX Blue, VSPEX Blue is early days, most of these hyper-converged work on VMware infrastructures. And again we have a great opportunity there. And I could go on and on. So it’s just that they make a lot of noise; they make a lot of hype. We have great, great answers. And basically this is a world event. When I work with customers, they got a lot of traditional apps which they love the services on products like VMAX. So, it’s have you sold VMAX and and/or, so we got great options for customers where they work -- most of those little competitors make a lot of noise, but it’s basically one-size fits all. David, you want to add to that?
David Goulden: I mean just add a couple of data points around it. As Joe said, we are the market leader in all the growth areas of the industry as well as the traditional areas. The emerging storage bucket which we talk about is a $3 billion run rate which is pretty big and the stuff is put together plus some last quarter growing close to 50%. So, we’re winning in these areas. And relative to footprints in our traditional business, in the markets that we are in, we believe our footprint is holding very, very nicely. Now obviously, we’re in some markets that are more susceptible to spending pressures in others markets and of course as always, a trophy win or trophy that so we can talk about, but when we look at the overall footprint including what goes in and what comes out, our footprint is very solid in our enterprise customers and our global accounts. So, I mentioned a large number of net new to EMC customers last quarter alone with the VNX family. So, obviously as the industry has slowed, there is more competitive dynamic, but we feel very strong about how we’re doing in the new markets. And we’ve given you some good data points to feel comfortable. So we’re maintaining our share, maintaining our footprint on aggregate basis in our existing markets.
Operator: Our next question coming is from Kulbinder Garcha from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kulbinder Garcha: I just want to clarify one thing from maybe Zane. The comment on the cost reduction, the 125 million to 175 million by the fourth quarter ‘16, are you saying whatever the run rate is today, we should just think that level of reduction by the end of next year that what you’ve trying to communicate or is there further investment, so it offsets that dropping to that line? And then just one question for Joe is that so far this year my interpretation of events is that you seem to be much more vocal about the need for the Federation to stay together. And if that is the case, so it sounds like you mentioned those points about the extra revenue that comes to VMware and EMC staying together, why not buying VMware and rationalize the entire cost base given you are doing this cost reduction now anyhow; is that something you’ve considered or the arguments against doing that? So any thoughts there would be helpful. Thanks.
Zane Rowe: I’ll start and then I’ll let Joe answer the question you directed towards him. What we wanted to do is give you an articulation of what you can expect and the trend as we contemplate the cost cutting over the next period of time through next year. So, starting with an estimated $50 million in savings which would be net savings, those are savings net of the investment. So, as you grow the 50 to the 125 to 175 over the course of the next year, we wanted to at least give you an approximation for that run rate on our existing expense base. Beyond that, as Joe mentioned, as we recognize and realize some of those savings, we’re always looking for growth and for opportunities and obviously would expect to invest some of that back into growth opportunities. Joe, I’ll let you take this.
Joe Tucci: Undoubtedly everybody on this call has -- believes deeply that one of the biggest transitions every company has to do is move to the cloud. We talked about digital transformation which I think is even a bigger market that’s where the Internet of things and all of that falls in. But just take where we live in data centers. And data centers are moving to cloud technologies, both private and managed. So obviously, if you were doing that, would you rather do that as just VMware, as just EMC, as just Pivotal with their past or are you a lot stronger in front of a customer’s doing together. So, do I think we’re much stronger? The answer is absolutely. So I think splitting this federation or spinning off VMware is not a good idea. I firmly believe that we are better together, a lot better together. I mean just to give you some statistic, I gave you one statistics where in an account, large global account we’re both EMC and VMware major presence; each one of us gets double, each one of us companies gets double the amount of revenue, double; it’s pretty impressive. We know there’s over $1 billion in revenue synergies when you count through that. And we think there is opportunity for well over another $1 billion if we do some of the things that I talked to you about and getting tighter aligned. We know, we have shared more than 4,000 people have moved across the companies. This helps retract and attain talent. We know our win rates are higher when we win together. So, basically you want what options are going to do. I referred to options; you’d like me to lay them all out now. I don’t want to get in front of the management team and working with the board. But we understand that when you’re going through this kind of a sea change and board recognizes it’s a huge sea change in IT business as usual, it’s really rarely a good strategy. And we’re all about good strategies, transformation and doing things right.
Operator: Our next question or comment is from Steve Milunovich from UBS. Your line is open.
Steve Milunovich: Just to follow-up on that Joe. On the cost side, you and I have both lived through these transformations and the traditional stuff tends to go down faster than you think. Have you guys been a bit of little late in recognizing the need to reduce cost and are you convinced you’re doing enough? And then on the other side in terms of the federation, will there be cultural issues? It sounds like you’ve started to work this but VMware historically has been a pretty separate company. Can you get the two companies really working together?
Joe Tucci: I will start backwards, the answer is yes. VMware realizes what I just told you that when we both are big and when both size of the company are in an account, both David side, the EMCI side, the VMware side and now we’re seeing more and more Pivotal side, each get not only more revenue but double the amount of revenue. And this is resonating well. Also, they see some of their former partners that are now standing up clouds and if you believe cloud is the future of the data centers as I do, you look inside their clouds; they are basically using more of their own technology. So, this does make sense to VMware. Pat, Carl and Jonathan and the VMware leadership team are solidly behind this. That doesn’t mean they’re going to -- we don’t want to make let them and encourage them to still partner with others because I think having an open ecosystem is the future. But yes, they are brought in. Are we late? Steve, in my whole life, anything I did, I never said, well, I should -- I’m glad I waited. I mean I usually say about a great idea, we shouldn’t done it earlier, but I don’t want to say, we’re late, but I wish we’ve done it a little bit earlier, probably, but we are here now and we are doing the right thing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alex Kurtz from Sterne Agee. Your line is open. 
Alex Kurtz: David, you talked about double-digit kind of declines for the legacy products. Well, it’s in the market in general. As we look to reset our models here on VMAX and more importantly VNX that you really haven’t spoken about last couple of quarters at least, should we be thinking about double-digit declines for both of those products for the next couple of years as you guys transition to XtremIO and VxRack and some of these new platforms?
David Goulden: Yes, Alex, without getting into specificity beyond this year, to give you couple of things to think about, I think we started out the year thinking that the VMAX growth rates to be a little bit stronger than they were, rate decline to be more particularly, it would be little bit less than last year. I think now we think they will be in the same zip code to last year. Bear in mind there is a four to five point currency headwind, so really from constant currency actually doing a little better. And we do think that the VNX again because of move to cloud and some of the mid tier and some of the competitive pressures, we’ll also be in a market declining growth rate. But they will get pick up as we move from a transactional oriented spend to a transformational oriented spend because as people move towards the hybrid clouds, it is a power of and. And moving existing application and new applications into the hybrid cloud, so we stand the chance in -- beyond 2015, when the translational spend picks up to actually see an uplift in those platforms as the new applications and in particular the hybrid cloud spend becomes a bigger part of the overall budget. So, I think we do expect market type decline this year with a chance of some improvement beyond that as these systems also get sucked into hybrid cloud deployments.
Operator: Next question is from Maynard Um from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Maynard Um: Can you just talk a little bit about the structure of the federation level go-to-market organization? Are you effectively building a sales organization on top of the EMC and VMware sales teams? I guess, how are the various teams work together through this organization, and are the people sitting in the organization, are they sitting within EMC, within VMware? Maybe if you can just go through a little bit about how they work together, where they sit, and how this is different from the structure before?
Joe Tucci: I would not view it as a sales organization that we’re building, that’s furthest thing I want to do. We have great sales people. What we’re doing is -- viewed as we’re building a set of client directors which can help coordinate which customers are demanding; they’re not asking from us anymore; they’re demanding. So we’re building a set of higher level -- hardly call them sales people, client directors to help customers understand what they need to do to go when they as companies and if you’re not doing this, you’re going fail any company outside of IT. They have digital agendas; how are we going help them with their digital agenda? They have to take their traditional data set they’re moving to clouds, private; public; hybrid. So basically, these client directors are going to be like kind of a level -- it’s a different job than a sales job. It’s basically how you help understand and become part of our customer’s fabric and then underneath that how do we coordinate all the great technology we have. And we think if we do that we will get much bigger wallet share from our customers and much customer satisfaction levels; view it as that.
Maynard Um: But is VMware also having these client directors or this an EMC driven type?
Joe Tucci: Problem we have -- one of the problems we have and of the problem I talk about is two EMCs, right? There is kind of my EMC and there is David EMC. We are try to say EMC squared that’s myself and the Federation and we have the EMC II. I understand the branding is parable. And it’s one of the things we got to take a look at. But if you take a look at, these would be not with David, not with Pat; they’d be in effect with that the Federation level with me. And of course, they would be kind of owned by both; they should look like an asset for EMC II, should look like an asset for Pivotal. So, an extra layer and it’s not in either EMC, VMware or Pivotal, right, or RSA, it’s that an extra level. Does that make sense to you?
Maynard Um: It does. Thanks. And then Zane, can you just talk about the incremental cost associated with that then is that sort of all embedded in?
Zane Rowe: Yes, it will be all embedded in. I mean ultimately we feel confident that we’re going gain a lot more revenue share using this model. If you think about the marginal cost, obviously in some cases, it’s the teams actually working closer together. So, while there is a small incremental cost, as you combined it, I actually think it will be far more efficient as we progress.
Joe Tucci: We’re being kind of smart and only talking about cost synergies. I happen to be for one to believe there’s more revenue synergies than our core synergies. But I know how everybody thinks. You think we’re pretty good operators, you’ll take the revenue, cost synergies to the bank. Thank you. And it’s up to us to prove and that’s fine with me that we can produce the revenue synergies. But I believe there is a huge opportunity for revenue synergies. So, I wanted to add that little color.
Operator: Our next question is from Aaron Rakers from Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: I wanted to go and look at the gross margin trend in the storage business. I think it was reported at 53.3% for the information infrastructure. I know that there is a VCE negative effect on that, but that’s down from 56.1% a year ago. What exactly is the drag from VCE, and more importantly, how do we think about that trend going forward as your business model mixes, particularly around the commodity-based hyper-converged solutions?
Zane Rowe: I’ll start and then let David touch on as we think about the future VCE. Obviously I think we’ve talked about a fair amount as we consolidated that there is a fair amount of third party products that are rolled in with the converged infrastructure that now impacts the gross margin obviously as well is the operating margin. David’s talked about that being flat if you would exclude both FX and the impact of VCE on those gross margins. And again, we’re obviously encouraged by the run rate, the growth rate of VCE and recognize the opportunity that is. So that’s what initially driving through the gross margin changes you look at that year-over-year. 
David Goulden: Yes, just to pick up…
Zane Rowe: I was going to say on a forward basis how do we think about the trend going.
David Goulden: Just to reiterate what Zane just said really VCE accounts for the entirety of VCE plus the impacts of FX on gross margin accounts for the entirety of the year on margin changes. Going forward, as I’ve said, the gross margin in the three primary storage buckets are in the same zip code. So, there is not a massive impact of movement towards the emerging markets bucket which does of course have more commodity but it’s also got some software only products, those kind of each of them are out. And you’ve seen a big mix shift over the last couple of years with the emerging set to becoming a much bigger piece of business not having any real impacts upon gross margins. So, we’re kind of balancing through that. The good news is that there is not a huge difference between those two. So as the mix shifts, we have good opportunity.
Operator: Next question is from Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open. 
Keith Bachman: I wanted to follow up on Amit’s question. The stock is down 16% for the year, with the S&P up 3%, so it’s continuing another year of meaningful relative underperformance. And for context, I would argue that EMC seems to be both trying to buy and invest for growth. I think shareholders would like more capital back rather than EMC going out and buying more assets such as Virtustream. And as part of that, when I specifically look at RSA, it’s only 4% of revenues, but with revenues declining in a very buoyant security market, it points to EMC perhaps is not operationally optimized right now. So, the questions I have, is the board having conversations without management? And could you confirm that all options are on the table here as the board considers the strategic alternatives?
Joe Tucci: I can confirm for sure that the board is having many sessions without management and they are considering smart options. You mentioned Virtustream, but let me just give you couple of specifics. EMC has about 30% share in the storage array market, the external storage market, rough and tough. If you look at mission critical that share probably goes over 50%. So, EMC is living in these mission critical environments. And so you believe that many storage services, storage as of services is going to the cloud or EMC not to play there with mission critical cloud is -- wasn’t same and that’s exactly where Virtustream is addressing. You just saw it today, the partnership they announced and the relationship they announced with SAP. These are the kind of mission critical applications where EMC’s storage lead is really strong. So, I can’t agree with what you said at all, neither does the board or they wouldn’t have approved Virtustream. So, it’s not -- you can’t live in -- and you got to live in and world, not an or world. This industry is going through an unbelievable transformation and as call the sea change and it’s undeniable. And if you don’t invest and you can’t only do it organically, if you don’t invest until where the IT puck is going, you’re going to really be sad as investors. I feel incredibly bad as does the board and I believe we can address it and will address it of the undervalue that you just pointed to Keith. But again you got to think this whole thing through in a broad segment. And I’ll close where I started. The Board is having sessions both with management and without management.
Tony Takazawa: We have time for one more question and then we’ll have few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Our final question comes from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Zane, you mentioned portfolio streamlining as part of the $850 million restructuring. Is there any consideration of exiting some products or even entire segments such that you could be focused on growth areas and also generate some cash that could be returned either in buybacks or M&A?
Joe Tucci: We’re really looking at assets that aren’t as strategic and to really focus -- give more clarity on our mission for where we’re going to grow. And again not to repeat myself 100 times, but it is around digital transformation, it is around security analytics, it is around hybrid cloud. Those are three very core and of course with AirWatch and mobile device management and security. So, if you look at those broad areas, we’re going to invest more there. And again things that are not strategic and helping us with that, we will look at how we can monetize to get and better return and utilization. Zane, do you want to add some?
Zane Rowe: I agree with Joe. Clearly Katy, we’ve been looking at all parts of the portfolio very carefully and I was going to tie it into what Joe had said earlier which he already said which is it’s important that it works together. We believe in growth in the future. And obviously we think there us a lot of opportunity between streamlining as well as investing in our growth initiatives.
Joe Tucci: In closing, first of all, I want to thank everyone for here. We are really focused on our transformation and our mission that is critical. The industry is transforming, we must transform. We’ve seen this coming for a while. We built the unique set of technologies, assets, focused businesses and talent. And it’s now time to how do we produce true value for our shareholders out of that sort of assets and be a winner in the next generation of IT technology. We think we’re really investing well where the IT puck is going. And again board and management and I are confident in our future and in our ability to drive shareholder value. So thank you for being with us today and we’ll get to see all of you. Thank you. Bye, bye.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - VP, Global IR Joe Tucci - Chairman and CEO David Goulden - EMC Information Infrastructure CEO Zane Rowe - CFO
Analysts: Shebleef Sharafi - FBN Rajesh Ghai - Macquarie Steve Milunovich - UBS Lou Miscioscia - CLSA Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Nehal Chokshi - Maxim Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Q1 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP, Global Investor Relations of EMC. Thank you. You may proceed.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2015. Today, we are joined by EMC's Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure CEO; and Zane Rowe, EMC's CFO. Joe will begin our discussion with his view of the market environment and EMC's vision, strategy, and execution. Zane will then discuss the consolidated EMC results and some additional details regarding our performance. David will provide some commentary on the EMC Information Infrastructure business, what he has seen in the market, and the Q1 performance. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. We are providing you with our projected financial model for 2015. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discreet financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today's slides available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation, unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today's press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thank you, Tony. I'd like to begin by welcoming everyone to our Q1 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. Our take on Q1 was mixed. We were pleased that we slightly beat our Q1 non-GAAP EPS Board plan, as we achieved $0.31 per share. On the other hand, we were disappointed that we fell a bit short of our Q1 revenue plan, approximately $75 million short. This $75 million revenue shortfall occurred in our storage business. That said, our storage product backlog did increase by $100 million year-on-year, right on plan. David will give you a lot more color our storage business in a little while, but I want to make it clear that we could have and should have made this revenue plan, and we offer you no excuses. About two-thirds of this miss was due to the fact that we didn't execute as crisply as we normally do. The other third was due to negative geopolitical effects in Russia and China that slowed down bookings. China and Russia aside, we understand what we need to do better, we have taken corrective actions, and David and the team are confident they will meet their FX adjusted board plan for the year. Let me now turn and comment on the IT market, and customer spending trends. Overall, the IT market is pretty much playing out like we thought it would. Customers are very focused on building their new digital agendas, and in effect become true digital enterprises. This digitalization is changing the way enterprises are building their products, the way they service their products, the way they sell, and the way they interface with their customers, partners, and supply chains. As such, more IT spend is being pushed towards this priority. And it goes without saying that in this digital era every enterprise is increasing their focus on cyber security as the surface area for attacks will expand geometrically. To help fund these two areas, CIOs are searching for ways to reduce cost and increase efficiencies in their current infrastructures and legacy applications, while maintaining and even enhancing overall quality and performance. Collectively, these top three IT priority mandates helping build the digital agenda, and increase focus on cyber security, and relentlessly driving lower costs and improved efficiency in legacy applications and data center operations are causing the biggest secular shift in the history of IT. And we have been equally as clear that while this shift is very disruptive, it is also extremely opportunity rich. To better prepare ourselves to capitalize on the vast opportunity side of this secular shift, we have moved to our Federation model to increase focus and effectiveness, and made a number of medium and long-term strategic investments on behalf of you, our shareholders. Investments we believe will pay off handsomely; investments in a new modern open cloud developers platform and a new data fabrics and data platforms, investments in the advanced identity protection and verification technology, in security analytics, and in technology that helps assure proper governance and compliance around cyber security, investments in mobile device management and security, investments in hybrid cloud solutions that include software defined compute, software defined networking, software defined storage, and advanced management orchestration and automation technologies, investments in converged infrastructure, in new flash and scale-out x86 [ph] appliances, and investments in sales, support, and service that assure we meet and beat our customer expectations. In short, these investment areas have given us a compelling technology advantage, which is well recognized and regarded by our customers throughout the world. At our recent strategic forum, on March 10, we highlighted six new strategic products and their businesses that further strengthen our ability to help customers meet their top IT priorities, namely AirWatch, NSX, Pivotal, ViPR ScaleIO, Elastic Cloud Storage, DSSD, and XtremIO. And we promise to regularly update you on their progress. To refresh your memory, we said that collectively these six areas would generate $2 billion in revenue for us in 2015, which represents a 100% year-over-year growth. I am pleased to report that in Q1, these six businesses together grew well over 100% year-over-year, and they are on target to meet their $2 billion goal. The key metrics I continue to look at to determine our Federation traction are the number of large multinational companies and the diverse set of industries that are relying on Pivotal, VM, or in EMC II as they build out the next generation digital agendas and applications. And similarly, I examined the list of large companies that have engaged us that compete for and/or implement their private/hybrid cloud infrastructures and IT transformation. And I can tell you without hesitation or sales puffery that these lists are dozens of companies long and growing. For sure, our impressive set of Federation-wide technology assets, service, and support capabilities, our partner eco system, and our strong leadership and talent bench is being recognized by an ever-growing list of large companies that are placing huge mobile cloud, Big Data, and security bets with us. And even more impressive is the fact that our win rate is very good, and it's getting even better. Before turning the call over to Zane to drill down on our Q1 performance and 2015 outlook, I would like to comment on two areas that have been talked and written about quite a bit lately, namely, our M&A philosophy, and CEO succession. On the M&A front, we will continue with our string of pearls approach. Our highest priority is to assure that we augment our strong product portfolio and roadmap with additional compelling technology assets that will help make us a winner in this mobile cloud Big Data era, assets that will differentiate us from the competition, and help us win, assets that will produce a solid return on investment. Additionally, as the violent secular shifts in the IT landscape play out, I believe there will be consolidation opportunities that could be quite accretive, and if so, as you would expect, we will certainly investigate those opportunities. And I assure you we will always bounce all M&A and investment opportunities with return of cash to shareholders. As to CEO succession, the first and most important thing that I want you to know is that I love this company. I believe in its mission and bright future, and I am fully engaged and enjoying coming to work every day. I am traveling to see customers more than ever, and I am spending time on strategy, Federation alignment, and on assuring we create long-term shareholder value. I also assure you that our Board is very active, is in full alignment with our strategy, has a robust succession process in place, and is squarely focused on creating value for you, our shareholders. Thank you again for joining us today. I will now turn it over to Zane. Zane?
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone. In Q1, EMC consolidated revenue was $5.6 billion, up 2% year-over-year, and up 6% on a constant currency basis. EPS was $0.31. These results were broadly in line with our expectations for the quarter, and earlier outlook for the year. EPS was slightly ahead of our expectations due to favorable gross margin, operational efficiencies, and good cost controls. As expected, and previewed on the last earnings call, EPS was impacted by lower Q1 revenue growth relative to the full year as a result of our fulfillment process changes, as well as the impact of the consolidation of VCE. Revenue was slightly softer than expected due to geographic weakness in China and Russia, a product transition-related pause, and organizational changes to realign our storage business. I want to thank everyone across the broader EMC family for their efforts in delivering these results, and positioning us well for the remainder of the year. On a geographic basis, we grew in all theaters in constant currency. North America grew 5% year-over-year, EMEA was down 2%, and up 5% in constant currency, APJ was up 1%, and Latin America was up 8%; they were up 6% and 14% respectively on a constant currency basis. The incremental FX changes during the quarter did not have a material impact on our quarterly results due to the effectiveness of our hedging program. However, current FX rates are expected to further reduce our 2015 revenue by approximately $400 million. Pivotal Q1 revenue was up 8% year-over-year. As you know, the reported revenue results do not tell the real story, as Pivotal continues to make its transition to a software subscription business model. While subscription revenue was up several hundred percent year-over-year, it was on a very small base. It is indicative of the customer interest in both Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and the Big Data suite, where Pivotal added a number of significant new customers this quarter. We're also seeing good progress in other metrics, such as subscription ARR and backlog. Customer interest is high. The trajectory is good and bodes well for the continued success of Pivotal's evolution to a subscription-based revenue model. Pivotal Cloud Foundry continues to gain strong momentum in the marketplace as customers experience the value of easily managing their full application life cycle in both private and public clouds, while leveraging strong DevOps functionality. Pivotal CF enables customers to build a new generation of cloud native applications that are transforming their businesses and dramatically lowering their operating costs. The broad industry acceptance of the Cloud Foundry foundation and Cloud Foundry as the leading cloud native application platform is providing great dividends to Pivotal. During the quarter, Pivotal, in combination with 16 other companies including Hortonworks, IBM, Teradata, and SaaS announced the formation of the Open Data Platform initiative, which has shared industry effort to help promote and advance the state of Apache Hadoop and Big Data technologies for the enterprise. Pivotal also announced the strategic partnership with Hortonworks that enables Pivotal's Big Data suite, including HAWQ product to run on Hortonworks Hadoop distribution, and other ODP-compliant distributions. This significantly expands Pivotal's addressable market. This announcement has really excited the industry, and is opening up many opportunities for Pivotal. Pivotal's agile development services had continued success in the first quarter, highlighted by the transformational deal with a top fitness brand that created a new application to engage users and to simplify personal health data and fitness activity tracking tools. Early success with the Pivotal-developed mobile application has led to follow-on purchases of both Pivotal Cloud Foundry and the Big Data suite. This combination of software and a new engagement application continues to differentiate the company in the highly competitive fitness space. VMWare's first quarter was a solid start to 2015. Q1 revenue within EMC grew 12% year-over-year, and was up 14% in constant currency. There were a number of highlights in the quarter, including license bookings beyond standalone vSphere, which grew over 30% year-over-year in constant currency. This business continues its successful transition in enabling the software defined enterprise. VMWare's success in hybrid cloud and SaaS offerings continued in Q1, with bookings growing a 100% versus last year. VMWare also continued the positive momentum in end-user computing, with bookings in this business, including AirWatch, up 50% on a constant currency basis. They continue to be a leader in enterprise mobility management, and in March at Mobile World Congress, AirWatch was awarded the best mobile cloud service or app for EMM at the event. VMWare is seeing a significant increase in the adoption of newer products and solutions like NSX, and seeing a significant increase in the percentage of customers adopting the full SDDC portfolio, and solutions like enterprise hybrid cloud from our Federation of companies. We're also seeing good traction with cross Federation solutions, including capabilities from both VMWare and EMC Information Infrastructure. For example, we're working with a large U.S. media and entertainment company who is looking to implement a private cloud, provide a self-service portal for app developers and enable provisioning for compute and storage. We showed our combined strength through standing up an enterprise hybrid cloud proof-of-concept based on VCE Vblock infrastructure that enabled the provisioning of Linux and Windows VMs via the EHC portal; all in three weeks. The unique combination and tight integration of capabilities from VMWare and EMC Information Infrastructure enabled us to win this deal. This is just one example. We are encouraged by the size of the pipeline of these types of opportunities. The Information Infrastructure revenue totaled $4 billion, down 1% year-over-year, and up 3% in constant currency. Emerging storage revenue was up 14% year-over-year, and normalized for a large Atmos deal last year, it was up close to 40% year-over-year. Isilon and XtremIO both had very good growth in the quarter as well. We continue to expect emerging storage portfolio to grow more than 30% for 2015. Within II, high-end storage outperformed our expectations while unified BRS was weaker than expected. David will give you additional color on the information infrastructure business in a few minutes. As the IT market is transforming, customers are becoming increasingly focused on successful outcomes versus buying individual products. We've anticipated this, and have transformed our business to better address changing customer needs. Pivotal, VMWare and EMC information infrastructure are each leaders in their respective markets. Individually, they're very successful. But together, we were able to offer customers truly unique capabilities. EMC converged infrastructure and cross Federation solutions are delivering their requirements that customers' needs to succeed in the digital age, and positioning EMC to be a more strategic partner. An important factor in the success of our strategy is the progress we're making with these integrated solutions and in our six key growth opportunities. We once again saw significant growth in these six in the quarter, and as a group, they're tracking well towards our expectations of $2 billion in revenue this year. As these products are integrated into our unique solutions, they grow quickly and become an increasingly significant portion of the overall business. Transformational opportunities are both large and long-term in nature, and are at a level of strategic engagement that is new for EMC, and would not be possible without the strength and the capabilities of the Federation. As a sign of growing interest, our consulting services group is seeing tremendous success in our IT transformation workshops with requests for these engagements almost doubling quarter-over-quarter. An example of our growing strategic relevance is at one of the world's largest heavy equipment companies; this customer is undergoing a multiyear transformation of their IT and was not originally an EMC customer. Our consulting group engaged with the customer on an IT transformation assessment, roadmap, and business case. Given the success of this work, the roadmap is now their go-forward plan to implement over the next few years. We follow the consulting engagement with a sizable data domain, and Avamar deal, and currently we're working with the customer on an enterprise hybrid cloud solution as the next phase. Our transformation vision, approach, and credibility has enabled us to go from no business with this customer to being a strategic partner working with them to achieve their long-term IT transformation goals. The cross Federation capabilities make our solutions unique in the market and position us well as a strategic partner with our customers for years to come. We continue to innovate and produce industry-leading integrated capabilities and solutions, including most recently, the VxBlock vScale architecture and the Business Data Lake Solution. Stay tuned for more as we will make a number of additional announcements in two weeks at EMC World. Now, looking at the factors that drove our EPS for the quarter, I would point out that while we were slightly better than our expectations, we're examining all areas of the business to control expenses on both the COGS and operating expense lines. Gross profit for the quarter totaled $3.4 billion. Gross margin was 61.3%, down a 150 basis points year-over-year. Adjusting for the consolidation of VCE, gross margin was relatively flat year-over-year. Operating expense was 2.5 billion, growing 9% year-over-year. Without the impact of the VCE expenses, OpEx grew 4% year-over-year. Incremental costs incurred through various acquisitions over the course of the year also contributed to our OpEx growth. Overall, growth in the operating expenses impacted Q1 EPS by $0.07. Excluding the impact of VCE consolidation, Q1 EMC II operating expenses were flat year-over-year, as this business has been very diligent in managing expenses throughout the quarter. Their performance in this quarter was helped by our continued efforts to balance investment spend with return potential for each part of our portfolio products and services. We've also been re aligning our organizational structure to better match with our more attractive investment opportunities. For example, in EMC information infrastructure, over the last two years, we've shifted a considerable portion of R&D spend from our traditional storage products to new and higher growth areas. We expect this portion to continue to increase as we seek to achieve additional efficiencies in our matured products. The year-over-year change in non-operating expenses added $0.02 due to the shift of the VCE expenses to their respective operating lines. Our accelerated share repurchase program continues to benefit EPS. It helped improve our EPS $0.01 versus Q1 2014. As a result, we finished Q1 with non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.31. We generated $755 million in free cash flow in Q1. The year-over-year comparison was impacted by a larger cash tax payment this year. Our consolidated total cash and investments at the end of Q1 was $13.5 billion, $3 billion of which is in the U.S. During the quarter, we returned almost $1.7 billion to shareholders via combination of share buybacks and dividends. We repurchased almost $1.5 billion worth of VMC shares and distributed approximately $230 million to shareholders via a quarterly dividend. Updating our 2015 outlook using March 31 currency rates, we expect consolidated revenue to be $25.7 billion, non-GAAP EPS to be $1.91, and we expect free cash flow of $4.1 billion. This change from our prior outlook is solely due to the impact of FX rates since the beginning of the year. There is nothing more important to this management team then growing shareholder value. We are confident that our focus on gaining share, growing earnings, and making thoughtful investments will enable our continued success. We are well positioned this year with unparalleled portfolio; thanks to the strength and hard work of the EMC team. We are gaining in strategic relevance with our customers. We are seeing results from closer integration across the Federation. We are winning in CI and EHC. We continue to see success and tremendous potential in our investment areas. As the environment continues to be challenging, we are optimizing our operational performance and capital allocation through share buybacks and dividends. We will aggressively look for opportunities to grow the revenue line, become more efficient, and increase shareholder value. Now, I will turn the call over to David to discuss a few highlights of the information infrastructure business. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Zane. Good morning everyone, and thank you joining us today. Overall storage revenue was flat this quarter, up 3% in constant currency, and grew in constant currency in all theatres. Within this, our level of unshipped orders was on-track with our new fulfilment process, which meant that, as expected, the amounts of unshipped storage product orders grew by $100 million versus Q1 2014. Many key areas of our portfolio continue to show great traction growth, but storage product revenue was approximately $75 million below our expectations due to three factors with roughly equal weighting. The first was weakness in Russia due to the economy and currency headwinds, and also in China due to increased scrutiny of U.S. technology purchases in the government and financial services sectors. The second was due to some customers waiting for an anticipated major product announcement in the high-end of our backup and recovery portfolio. And the third was due to a slower start than we would have liked on the go-to-market side of our business due to the impact of the approximately 1500 positions we eliminated across EMC II in Q1. As we look forward to the rest of the year, we believe our ability to deliver world-class products, services, and solutions will drive storage return to expected growth on a constant currency basis for the year. EMC Information Infrastructure strategy to win in this digital age is to follow a progression that expands from best-of-breed products to a broad storage product portfolio to converge infrastructure and also to solutions. This strategy is designed to help our customers transform the existing application environments and also to capitalize on the third platform of information technology. Within EMC II, our focus has been to evolve our storage portfolio by excelling at newer technologies such as scale-out, file [ph] and objects, flash and software defined storage. As these technologies continue to grow much faster than traditional storage and assume a larger share of the storage market they help the overall market growth. And as our market share in most of these new areas significantly exceeds our market segment share in traditional external storage it positions us well going forward. At the same time, we continue to expand our lead in the traditional storage markets by bridging the gap between current and newer storage technologies with best-of-breed converged infrastructure and solutions that are focused upon helping our customers adapt to the digital age. Within storage our emerging products grew 14% in Q1. This category is still on track to be our second largest storage bucket by the end of the year. As Zane mentioned, normalizing for one very large deal that would've reduce Q1 '14 growth to 50% year-on-year, the emerging products portfolio grew close to 40% this quarter. The success of our emerging products is a validation of our strategy and these investments. Within emerging storage Isilon continues to lead the scale-out file and HDFS market with its unique scale-out file systems technology and native Hadoop support. In Q1, Isilon won one of the world's largest web scale companies as they chose to consolidate their mission critical work flow data on to the new Isilon HD series platform. Isilon continued to shine in the enterprise big data analytics space with its native Hadoop capabilities, especially combined with the Pivotal Big Data suites. For example, when one of the largest telecom providers in Latin America wants to transform their go-to-market processes by leveraging big data they chose Isilon and the Pivotal Big Data to implement their big data analytics platform. We're also encouraged to see use cases of Isilon expanding beyond Hadoop into other next generation workloads such as Splunk analytics. XtremIO had very strong triple-digit growth this quarter and maintained its leading position in the all-flash array market. As XtremIO continues to grow, via success in winning net new work loads and customers the overlap between XtremIO and our traditional hybrid storage arrays has not materially changed from what we shared with you last quarter. Combined with our software-defined portfolio, XtremIO offers unique capabilities that are very hard to match by any point or traditional competitor. When a major eastern European city's IT department wanted to modernize their data center with a software-defined approach, they turned to XtremIO and ViPR to help address their changing business requirements. The EMC won this deal against some of our major global competitors and flash startups because of the completeness of our vision and best-of-breed storage portfolio. Expect to hear a lot more about XtremIO as well as EMC II software defined storage at EMC world. On software-defied storage portfolio has been very popular with early adopters such as service providers, content repositories and web scale customers, and we continue to enhance our go-to-market strategy to position our portfolio across a broader customer base. We've aligned our go-to-market teams to address three software defined storage use cases. For customers who want to modernize their existing storage infrastructures, using a software-defined platform we have ViPR Controller and ViPR SRM. The hyper converged scale-out high performance block storage needs ScaleIO is a perfect fit. And for Cloud scale objects and Hadoop workloads on commodity hardware, ECS really differentiates itself with its unique global consistency architecture. This quarter a major international service provider embraced our software-defined storage portfolio by choosing to deploy the next generation block and object services on ScaleIO and ECS. We won this engagement due to the unique capabilities of ECS and its ability to deliver object storage at a significantly lower TCO than the largest public cloud, and the fact that ScaleIO on commodity hardware can deliver block storage at scale is very cost effective. Our high-end storage performance was slightly better than expected with new VMAX III representing more than 50% of the new systems sold during the quarter. The overall install base of high-end systems continues to be stable, customers appreciate the unique capabilities of the new platform, and we still expect VMAX to gain share for the full year. Our unified and backup recovery business was down 11% in Q1. This category was affected by currency headwinds of business practice changes and the slower go-to-market start to the year. Backup recovery was also affected by the customer pulls ahead of our coming high-end data domain product refresh. Since the underlying fundamentals of this business as well the market demand remains solid, we expect this business will improve through the rest of the year. I expect some announcements around backup and data protection at EMC World. We continue to enjoy strong success with our converged infrastructure PORTFOLIO that includes Vblocks, VSPEX and VSPEX BLUE. And we're pleased with the group's performance this quarter. Within our converged infrastructure business, Vblock-related revenue was up more than 30% compared to Q1 last year. As converged infrastructure plays a vital role in our customers' broader IT transformations, we aim new products or portfolio like the recently announced VxBlocks and the vScale Architecture, which also support our Federation level solutions like EHC, and Business Data Lakes, where CI is a critical building block. We'll have some exciting news around converged infrastructure portfolio at EMC World. Within RSA, Security Analytics and Archer grew over 20% this quarter. The RSA Annual Conference started this week, and continues to be the world's premier event focused upon next-generation information security with record industry attendance of more than 30,000. Now, turning to solutions; our Enterprise Hybrid Cloud Solution that launched late last year continues to enjoy solid success as customers embrace the value proposition of broader IT transformation. For Q1, some of the key customer wins include one of Europe largest publishers, the U.S. State IT department, and an international government agency. Our momentum with EHC is a validation of our belief that hybrid clouds will be dominant in the future. And for us, EHC is a key strategic solution that will lead to more transformational deals for the Federation with our largest customers. Last month we announced our Federation Business Data Lake solution, which dramatically accelerates time to value for customers deploying Hadoop for Big Data Analytics. This solution is built on the EMC Federation best-of-breed products for Big Data, including Isilon and ECS, VMWare vSphere running on Vblocks, the Pivotal Big Data Suite, and Pivotal Cloud Foundry. We're also working hard on nurturing an ecosystem around the solution by supporting third-party analytics packages like tableau and SaaS, and other Big Data solutions such as Cloudera and Hortonworks. We're encouraged by the high initial customer interest in our Federation Business Data Lake Solution. We continue to work on new end-to-end Federation Solutions that will drive real value and differentiation for our customers and lead them into the new digital age. As we look forward to the rest of the year and beyond, our opportunities to grow are increasing, because most of the factors that negative affected Q1 are behind us. We have successfully positioned ourselves to win in the evolving storage landscape with our Broad portfolio. Our industry-leading converged infrastructure portfolio and our solutions that are focused on delivering business outcomes for our customers continue to gain traction in the market, and our strategic importance with our largest customers is growing as we engage even more closely with our Federation partners, VMWare and Pivotal, to leverage our best-of-breed portfolio and collective influence in the overall IT market. While this quarter was not without its challenges, we also made lots of progress. I'd like to thank our team for their hard work, and as always, our partners and customers for your continued support. With that, I'll turn it over to Tony for Q&A.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we'll ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Caroline, can we open up the lines for questions, please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Shebleef Sharafi from FBN. Your line is open.
Shebly Seyrafi: Yes, thank you. You said that about two-thirds of the miss was execution related. Can you elaborate on what were the largest execution missteps last quarter and what you have done to resolve them? Thank you.
David Goulden: Hey, Shebly. Yes, good morning. This is David. Let me explain exactly, first of all, make sure we understand kind of what did and didn't happen in the storage. So to make it very clear, the vast majority of our storage business was on track for the quarter, services operating margin, gross margin, most of the product areas, but there are three specific things that caused the $75 million miss shortfall compared to our expectation on storage products. One of them was external. We mentioned the geopolitical factors in China and Russia that was about a third of that. Those of course, we do expect to continue during the year.
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
':
Shelby Seyrafi: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Alexander from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Brian Alexander:
':
David Goulden:
':
':
':
':
':
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Brian. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani from RBC. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. David, I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about the core EMC gross margins. They were down pretty substantially, I think year-over-year, 260 basis points. Was this a reflection of the execution issues? And then secondly, are you seeing some impact of gross margins from the total of the XIO installations that are legacy VMAX accounts?
David Goulden:
':
':
Tony Takazawa: Thanks.
Amit Daryanani: Just to…
Tony Takazawa: You had one more thing, Amit?
Amit Daryanani:
':
David Goulden: Actually the XtremeIO gross margin profile is actually quite attractive for a couple of reasons. First of all, it sold as an appliance and hardware/software combined. Secondarily, because it's an appliance model, we start charging maintenance on basically day one for that product. So we don't have to accrue for a multiyear warranty. So over the life cycle of an XtremIO system, the gross margin profile is actually quite good and very comparable to our traditional VMAX, VNX blended margins.
Amit Daryanani: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question or comment is from Rajesh Ghai from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Rajesh Ghai: Hi. Yes, thanks. I had a question on the high-end storage side. Historically, an IBM Refresh has -- Mainframe Refresh has helped you in your high-end business. Why would it be any different this year? And is the high-end still being impacted more by the virtual migration of Hadoop and other workloads to [indiscernible] hardware, or is it more encroachment by all flash [ph] such as your own XtremIO? Thank you.
David Goulden: Thank you. Multipart question; let me break it down. So first of all, the Mainframe is a very small part of the total high-end systems business. So yes, we would expect to get some impact, typically lags by a quarter or so from an IBM refresh, so not a material factor. You wouldn't see it show up in the overall numbers very much. In terms of the dynamics, it's not workload migration, that's an important thing to understand, workloads don't migrate to Hadoop. Hadoop workloads and Big Data workloads are a new class of workloads, and what we are saying is that most of those workloads are being deployed on new systems like an Isilon or an ECS and that is driving growth in that side of the business to the extend there is any migration of workloads in the high-end, some of those migration to all Flash price because I spend a couple of minutes just before explaining only a third of our XtremIO systems are going into replaced workload sitting on either high-end or VNX class system. So don't think of it as all high-end. So, essentially the high-end is more dynamic of a fairly steady install-base, and as we mentioned, actually a number of installed high-end systems has remained relatively constant over the last year or so, and the bigger dynamic is in fact new workloads getting build on new classes of systems that drive things out of our emerging technologies division.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Rajesh. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Steve Milunovich from UBS. Your line is open.
Steve Milunovich: Thank you. Just to be clear, your guidance reduction from $1.98 to $1.91, you view as all currency. But it does assume an improvement in execution and for example you said China and Russia probably were not going to come back. So I am wondering how much risk is in that? And I also had to ask $0.31 was ahead of the Board's plan but the consensus on the Street was $0.36 so I guess earnings management or why the big difference? Maybe VCE was quite a bit larger than we expected?
Zane Rowe: So Steve, I'll start with that and I think David will probably want to add to that. At least for the quarter it was in line with our internal expectations, and I think David touched on some of the issues we found at least on the revenue side for the quarter. And as we've touched on before, these are backend loaded quarter. So I think there is a fair amount of volatility. And also the performance was a fairly significant part of that. As we look for the remainder of the year, the adjustment we are making is solely due to the difference in currencies. We originally had the Euro at 191, which was the beginning of the year rate, and we've updated our currency rates for March 31, which is -- sorry, $7, so 121 was Euro [ph], and then a $7 which is where we are right now. And we feel quite confident with the plan. I think we've talked about the areas of the execution that we are confident that we can overcome for the remainder of the year.
David Goulden: And Steve, just to add to that, to be clear I mentioned this before, China and Russia we do expect that headwind. Obviously it was about third of the delta in our expectations in the first quarter. We do expect that headwind to continue, and we do expect as I mentioned in answer to the first call, the execution issues are behind us, and we believe there is enough opportunity out there to make that up as go through the rest of the year. So the only difference in the outlook for the year as I mentioned is in fact for the changes to foreign exchange.
Steve Milunovich: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Steve. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Lou Miscioscia from CLSA. Your line is open.
Lou Miscioscia: Okay, thank you. Maybe if we could get an update Joe's plans as we think about the whole year and into next. And also at the analyst meeting and also obviously on this call, you talked about possible consolidation. Could you maybe just add a little bit of color to that? Would it possibly be more likely to stay in your core areas of storage or is it possibly going to expand out into new areas where really you don't do as much something maybe in the case of networking or another area of hardware/software? Thank you.
Joe Tucci: Lou, in your second part of your question there's nothing specific that we want to talk about now. I'm just making a general statement having been around a few years. I do believe on a back of these violent secular shifts there will be opportunities. And I don't want to talk about where we think they might be. And again, we will be very -- only if they're very accretive, only if they would really add value to our shareholders would we even entertain it. Our first and foremost strategy is to continue our string of pearls, which has worked quite well or will work quite well in the case with the new six bets we placed. As far as my personal plans, I'm here. I'm engaged. I'm working hard. The board has got a -- as I said, a robust process in place, and my job is to do my job until the board comes with a new CEO. Then I would agree to help as a chairman for a while, and then watch this company flourish after I leave.
Lou Miscioscia: Thank you, good luck.
Joe Tucci: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Keith Bachman from Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Keith Bachman: Hi, guys. Thanks. I wanted to ask about the free cash flow generation capability. You are guiding free cash flow to be down year-over-year in '15, more than 18%. Is there any one-time items in there? If you could describe how investors should be thinking about the ongoing ability of EMC to generate free cash flow because the magnitude of decline is pretty significant. It is hard to reconcile the statements that EMC is trying to create shareholder value with free cash flow being down so meaningfully, but if you could describe [ph] any one-time items and how investor should be thinking about the ongoing ability to grow or to not grow free cash flow from this number. Thank you.
Zane Rowe: Sure, Keith. This is Zane. I'll address it. There is in fact a, call it a one-time or a big shift, in free cash flow that we talked about at the strategic forum and that's with the inclusion of VCE moving the impact of the VCE acquisition into operating cash flow line has roughly a $500 million impact on free cash flow, the way we define free cash flow. We were still very comfortable with the ability for us to generate free cash flow. If you were to look at the shift from the year end to where we are today, we're still confident in our expectation. We're currently expecting $4.1 billion. And the only change has been due to currency. We've also included the VMWare update into our free cash flow line, if you recall David mentioned some tax payments, incremental tax payments on a year-over-year basis. So we still feel very confident in the business and in its ability to generate free cash flow. 
Keith Bachman: All right, thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Maynard Um from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Maynard Um: Hi, thank you. I just wanted to touch again on exceeding your expectations or coming in line with the Board expectations. I guess, Zane, can you walk us through the shape of the year in terms of the linearity to the EPS guide? And you talked about looking for cost efficiencies but I am wondering whether you are baking in something meaningful here, offsetting some of the China -- the geopolitical issues or do you think there is upside to your outlook as you find some of these cost opportunities? Thanks.
Zane Rowe: Maynard, you know again I -- and we tried to highlight this just over a month ago as you think about the impact that the fulfillment -- the change in fulfillment process had in our quarterly seasonality. And while we don't guide to the quarter we mentioned that it would be approximately 22%. If you looked at that percent versus our updated guidance you'll see it's roughly 21.8%. And David talked about some of the execution opportunities that we feel we were convinced that we can overcome as it relates to the storage part of the business. The rest of it if you were to look at revenue seasonality through the remainder of the year, we do have a buildup if you looked at the VMWare results and our expectations through the course of the year; you do see some of the incremental growth through the course of the year. We're focused on the business. We feel confident in the pipeline as well as the investments. If you look at the emerging parts of the business we're confident in the growth of those emerging pieces obviously having a larger portion of our EPS growth towards the remainder of the year.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Maynard. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes, thanks, good morning. Zane, the VCE consolidation seems like it drove an incremental $115 million in expenses versus last year just in Q1 alone. So as look for the full year number that is almost $0.04 and I believe on your last call you said that the full-year impact would be roughly that magnitude. So should we think that from here on that there is not an incremental headwind or is there still incremental headwind from VCE?
Zane Rowe: No, I think you may have slightly overextended the impact on the first quarter. What I did mention is that it was going to be far more, so that you should really think of the $0.04 being our first half impact. So you're close, we would be happy to go through the math, but the impact was more pronounced in the first half, not as significant as $0.04 in the first quarter. So you're close, but it is essentially a first half phenomenon as you incorporate the VCE impact.
David Goulden: And this is David. Just to help clarify the mechanics, so yes, there was always an incremental impact to operating expense from VCE moving into operating expense. But then there's a corresponding reduction to other expense, so obviously we use to consolidate 67-ish percent of the VCE expenses into other income. Now we consolidate 100 into operating expense. So it's the delta between those two that is driving the impact. I think you're just looking at just the gross amount that is sitting inside of operating expenses.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, David.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Wamsi. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Nehal Chokshi from Maxim. Your line is open.
Nehal Chokshi: Yes, thank you. For Pivotal, I am increasingly inclined to believe this can indeed be your next VMWare i.e., generating $2 billion to $3 billion of free cash flow per year 10 years down the road. I know that is really long-term thinking but it seems like a significant portion of the value proposition for Pivotal is enabling -- utilizing any platform. Is this the right way to think about the long-term picture here and pending the answer, I will have a follow-up question.
Zane Rowe: I didn't quite understand the question, Nehal, can you do that again? 
Nehal Chokshi: Sure. Looking at Pivotal being your next VMWare, the key pillar of that is enablement of Big Data consumption on any platform. Is that the right way to think about that? And I will have a follow-up question pending the answer here.
Zane Rowe: Yes. At the base level of Pivotal is Cloud Foundry, and the -- which is developers platform, and the -- I think what Cloud Foundry is trying to do more than anything else is basically say you develop your app once and then you have portability across the popular Cloud platforms out there whether it would be VMWare based platform or an OpenStack based platform, Amazon based platform, an Azure platform or the next one on this list would be Google platform. So yes, the answer is yes.
Nehal Chokshi: Okay. So the follow-up question is what is the risk that provided that this does indeed work out that you are ending up cannibalizing your existing strong free cash flow streams from information infrastructure as well as virtual infrastructure?
Joe Tucci: Well, if you take the VMWare side, you see the moves that the last set of announcements they're making around VIO, VMWare Integrated OpenStack around what they are announcing with how they are -- have this really slick implementation of containers. You look what David is doing in EMC II around Elastic Cloud Storage, around ViPR, around ScaleIO, around Isilon, these all are aimed at that new world, that the same world that Pivotal has aimed at. So we see -- this is again why I'm so excited about the set of assets we built across this Federation because when you add layer one plus layer two plus layer three, and you go to a customer, you're much, much more relevant, have a much better chance of winning, and that's why we went through that, not by name, but that very robust list of customers who are working with where they've entrusted us to help them as they build their digital agenda, and then of course that digital agenda ends up being on a cloud, and we have an equally robust list of customers there that rely on us for IT transformation to a hybrid cloud. So that's the secret sauce that I've been trying to get across to everybody.
Nehal Chokshi: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. We have time for one more question, and then we'll have a few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Katy Huberty: Yes, thanks. Given the strength of the all flash array market, can you just remind us the timing of DSSD product coming to market and how you plan to position that relative to XtremIO? Thank you.
David Goulden: Okay. Yes, this is David. Let me take that. First of all, DSSD coming to market later this year, we couldn't be more excited about that. I did mention though I expect to see some exciting news around XtremIO at EMC World as well. So the flash agenda is alive, well and strong, and they're positioned quite differently. Basically XtremIO is a SAN attached Block Storage Device designed to make existing applications run much, much faster. DSSD is aimed more at the NextGen in-memory third platform applications. It's well-handled. Protocols like Hadoop as well as the native protocols designed to be basically an extension of memory and the applications that we're using the assistance for are actually quite different. So they're both based upon flash technology, but the applications they are aimed for are different and quite complementary. So couldn't be more excited about the flash agenda. You'll hear a lot more about XtremIO in two weeks time, a little bit more about DSSD as well.
Joe Tucci: Again, let me thank everybody for joining us. The point we tried to make, get across is there is a huge inextricably linked business and IT transformation taking place right now. A transformation like this will have winners and losers, as this transformation plays out. We have and are making the right investments, and we have the strategy, the technology, the people, and the customer permission to be a winner. And I assure you as we play hard to win, we will keep a sharp eye on costs. David and his team are looking forward to EMC World, the week after next, and there will be a good number of anticipated and important product announcements made there. This conference will also have an investor track. So hopefully we'll see many of you there. And again, the management team and I are very confident of our future, and our ability to create shareholder value. So once again, thank you for being with us, and I hopefully see you in two weeks.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - VP, Global IR Joe Tucci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Goulden - Chief Executive Officer, EMC Information Infrastructure Zane Rowe - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Securities Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Brian White - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co Jim Suva - Citi Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein & Co
Operator: Welcome. Good morning and welcome to the EMC Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded and if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Global Investor Relations of EMC. Sir, you may proceed.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2014. Today we are joined by EMC’s Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci, David Goulden, EMC’s Information Infrastructure CEO and Zane Rowe, EMC’s CFO. Joe will begin our discussion with his view of what is happening in IT and EMC’s vision and strategy. Zane will then discuss the consolidated EMC results, some details regarding our performance and also provide our expectations for 2015. David will comment on the EMC Information Infrastructure business, what he has seen in the market, and the Q4 performance. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. We are providing you with our projected financial model for 2015. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discreet financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today's slides available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation, unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thanks, Tony. I would like to extend the warm welcome to everyone joining us for today’s call. As always, thank you for your interest in EMC. Overall, we are pleased with our execution and results in Q4. Year-over-year, our revenue grew 5% and our non-GAAP EPS grew 15%. Within these results, revenue grew 16% at VMware, 2% at EMC II, and 18% at Pivotal. But since Pivotal has essentially moved to a subscription model, booking is a better metric of future success and in Q4 I am pleased to report that Pivotal’s bookings grew over 75%. Our Q4 results fairly exhibit a good balance of growth and opportunity across our family of companies and undoubtedly will compare quite favorably the results posted by large cap enterprise IT peers. As our strategies, products, services, solution, and execution sets us apart in the minds of our customers. Additionally, we continue to invest heavily in the quarter to where the IT pup is going. Investments that we firmly believe will pay off down the road. Looking at the year 2014, we came in within the 0.5 percentage point of hitting our revenue goal of $24.57 billion. We were exactly on plan to non-GAAP EPS at $1.90 per share. Again solid execution against these two metrics. Zane and David will give you additional information and perspective on Q4 and 2014 in a few minutes. Before I shift my remarks to the year ahead, I would like to publicly thank the 68,000 plus people of the EMC, VMware, and Pivotal along with our ecosystem of great partners around the world for their dedication, hard work, and vast expertise and for always striving to meet and exceed the expectations of our customers. Now moving to 2015, we fully expect the secular IT shifts of cloud computing, mobile, and big data to continue with even more focus by customers on cyber security. In 2015, we expect global IT spending to accelerate a bit in constant currency terms perhaps to 3% growth overall and 3% in storage. But taking a stronger dollar into account, we expect that some of this growth will be moderated by currency headwinds when measured in US dollars. Against this backdrop, our 2015 plan as approved by our Board of Directors is for consolidated EMC to grow revenues by 7% to $26.1 billion and non-GAAP EPS by 4% to $1.98. And as is always the case, the Board will approve and assign us a free cash flow metric at the next schedule meeting. We are confident in our ability to meet and hopefully beat our 2015 plan, why? Because we have a very strong and growing position in cloud infrastructure and computing with our software-defined datacenter and hybrid cloud technologies, our services, and our world-class partner ecosystem. We help our customers build out private clouds in their datacenters and offsite managed clouds in our partners’ datacenters while also availing them to the benefits of public clouds like VMware’s vCloud Air. Together, these cloud computing options provide our customers the cost efficiencies and agility they need. We are confident in 2015, because we are hoping to lead the way with a new and very importantly open developers’ platform Cloud Foundry. This platform provides customers with the ability to build new applications using modern, again open data fabrics and in-memory computing to build and deploy applications faster with far more agility. These new ways capabilities help customers implement new digital business models which they will need to transform and grow their future business. We are confident in 2015, because we have made large strategic investments in six new business/product areas. We firmly believe that each of these will exceed $1 billion in annual revenue in future years. To demonstrate the opportunity in these six product service business areas, we expect that combined revenues to exceed $2 billion in 2015. That’s up over 100% over 2014. And while 2015 still represents an investment year for us in these six areas, our non-GAAP EPS will improve from a high teens cents per share of in 2014 to a low teen cents per share of cost this year. And lastly, and perhaps most importantly, we are confident in 2015 because we are blessed with a truly talented workforce and strong leadership team across the EMC family of companies and they deeply believe in our strategies and our future and they have a track record of excellence and execution. I would like to take this opportunity to also thank our shareholders. We have had very constructive dialogues with a number of you. We listen to you and we have learned from you and you, our shareholders, respectively listen to us and I believe you learnt from us as well. We added two additional well respected experienced Board Members who will undoubtedly add fresh perspectives to the Board and to management and I can assure you that our entire Board is very focused on creating sustained shareholder value. And to demonstrate our confidence in our bright future, the Board has approved the continuation of our accelerated capital return policy. In 2015, we will again return approximately $4 billion to our shareholders in dividends and buybacks. In closing, I would like to invite you to join Zane, David, Pat, Paul and me on March 10 for our strategic forum. At this forum, we will focus on our products, services and strategies and offerings and why we believe we will win in our chosen markets. Thank you again for joining us today. I would now like to turn it over to Zane for his formal remarks. Zane?
Zane Rowe: Thanks, Joe. Good morning everyone. Today I’ll walk through our consolidated results, capital allocation strategy, and provide our outlook for 2015. I’ll also highlight the results of the Pivotal and VMware businesses within the context of EMC and then hand the mic over to David for additional insights into the Information Infrastructure business. I am pleased to report that EMC had a solid quarter with record consolidated revenue of $7 billion up 5% year-over-year and EPS of $0.69, up 15%. For the year, we grew revenue of 5% to $24.4 billion and grew EPS 6% to $1.90. The team executed well in Q4 and over the course of 2014 enabling us to continue to outpace much of the tech industry. I want to thank and congratulate all of the team members across the EMC federation for all of their efforts throughout 2014. Our global business is impacted by the dramatic currency movements we’ve seen that began most notably in the second half of 2014. This FX headwind impacted revenue by 2 points of or about $115 million year-over-year in Q4, which was about $40 million greater than we had expected as of our last report. In Q4, North American revenues grew 6%, the US was up 7%, EMEA was also up 6%, a very good result given the currency headwinds there caused us 3 points of growth; APJ was up 2%; and Latin America was up 8%. Our BRIC plus 13 markets grew 7% year-over-year. Looking across our three major businesses, Pivotal’s revenue increased 18%, VMware’s 16%, and EMC Information Infrastructure’s 2%. The ability to cross-sell products continues to be a strength of ours and we are seeing growing success in our joint efforts to serve customers’ needs. Two key areas where we are demonstrating our collective strengths are in converged infrastructure and cross-federation solutions. Converged infrastructure is a fast-growing opportunity that helps customers transform their IT infrastructure. It is a market we pioneered with the creation of VCE several years ago and an area where we expect to continue our lead in both integrated systems and reference architectures. We are excited to welcome VCE into the EMC II family. We had strong momentum in 2014 for our converged infrastructure offerings, where we expect annual product demand grew over 40% for the year. In addition, VCE demand growth in Q4 exceeded 50% for the seventh quarter in a row. The integration work between EMC and VMware has been a key element of the successful creation of these solutions. The teams have been working on more products and EMC II will announce a new offering soon. Cross-Federation solutions, including integrated technologies and targeted services from across our portfolio are helping customers to transform their IT. The ability of Pivotal, VMware, and EMC Information Infrastructure to work closely together results in differentiated solutions with broad transformative capabilities. This integrated solution capability opens up the potential for large $100 million plus long-term opportunities with customers that would be more difficult to address separately. Look for us to rollout several new solutions here as well. As customers move forward with their transformation projects, our converged infrastructure and solutions capabilities position EMC to be a trusted strategic partner. Pivotal, VMware, and EMC II together create a unique value and in 2015, we are taking this cooperation to new levels. We continue to strengthen our technology integration and we're working to increase our operational coordination in areas like collaborative account planning, additional cross-selling initiatives, and differentiated joint services. Looking at line items driving our earnings growth in Q4. Consolidated gross margin in Q4 was 65.4%, up 170 basis points sequentially and 80 basis points compared with Q4 of 2013. Gross margin was helped year-over-year by improvements in both EMC II and Pivotal gross margins as well as the increasing mix of VMware. Gross profit increased 7% year-over-year to $4.6 billion and contributed $0.11 to the quarter’s non-GAAP EPS. Operating expense grew 3% year-over-year yielding good operating leverage during Q4. EMC II demonstrated good cost controls with OpEx down 3% versus last year. VMware OpEx was up 16% reflecting their ongoing investments in the business. In addition to the impact of the acquisition of Air Watch. Pivotal expenses also grew 10%. The growth in Q4 consolidated OpEx over last year amounted to an impact of $0.03 per share. Operating margin grew 150 basis points and operating profit grew a healthy 11% over Q4 last year to $2 billion. Tax rate was 23.8% and cost $0.02 versus last year. Our share repurchase program contributed $0.02 versus Q4 2013. As a result, we finished Q4 with non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.69, up a solid 15% and in line with our expectation. We generated $1.8 billion in free cash flow in Q4 and $5.04 billion for the full year 2014. Free cash flow was lower than our target due to the higher than expected days sales outstanding which were higher due to the timing of collections in the quarter. For the year, free cash flow was approximately $1.1 billion higher than our 2014 non-GAAP net income. Our consolidated total cash and investments at the end of 2014 was $14.7 billion, $4.3 billion of which is in the US. We repurchased approximately $1.6 billion worth of EMC shares in Q4 and returned about $240 million to shareholders via our quarterly dividend. For the year, we returned almost $4 billion to shareholders through $3 billion of EMC’s share repurchases, and $900 million of shareholder dividends. We remain committed to our balanced capital allocation strategy with a focus on returning capital to shareholders via combination of share repurchases and cash dividends. While we are not changing our long-term approach, we believe that it makes sense to continue our enhanced buyback program at this time as part of our ongoing capital structure optimization. Following the $3 billion repurchase program in 2014, we expect to repurchase another $3 billion of EMC shares in 2015. Upon completion of this program, we will have repurchased $9 billion worth of EMC shares over the three years ending 2015. We expect 2015 fully diluted shares outstanding to average 1,960 million shares. For 2015, we expect revenue of $26.1 billion and EPS of $1.98. There are three factors impacting this forecast that are worth highlighting, namely the year-over-year impact of currency rates, the inclusion of VCE in 2015 and the cost of our six key investments that Joe mentioned. Based upon year-end rates, we expect FX to negatively impact revenue by approximately $550 million in 2015 or around 2%. We have a natural hedge on the expense line so we expect this will cost us $0.10 in EPS for the year. Consolidation of VCE results will have a notable impact on the income statement. EMC's portion of VCE’s financial results have historically been recognized within our other expense line. In 2015, VCE results will no longer impact the other expense line. Instead, EMC will recognize 100% of VCE’s revenue COGS and operating expenses individually within the corresponding lines within EMC's consolidated income statement. This change will result in incremental 2015 revenue benefits of just over $700 million or about 3 points of growth. This incremental revenue is from CISCO and VCE related products and services as the revenue associated with EMC and VMware products and services was already recorded in EMC’s consolidated revenues. This change will also result in incremental COGS and operating expenses which will negatively impact EMC’s gross and operating margin. The impact to operating margins this year will be about 250 basis points. The inclusion of the incremental portion of VCE will have the effect of reducing consolidated 2015 EPS by $0.04. We continue to invest in the six areas that Joe referenced; ViPR, XtremIO, DSSD, AirWatch, NSX and Pivotal. Each of these has its own growth trajectory with varied impacts on our financials. For example, we expect XtremIO to achieve profitability this year while DSSD will require increased investments, even though it will launch late this year. These investments caused us high teens EPS last year and we expect this to improve to low teens in 2015. This is one area; we will give you more color on at our upcoming strategic forum. We are projecting operating margin of 21.4% in 2015 including the effect of currency rate changes, the incremental impact of including VCE and our ongoing investments. I’ll take a moment to comment on our Q1 2015 assumption to help you with your models. We believe that the changes we made to our order fulfillment process last year will result in a new normal quarterly revenue seasonality. Historically, Q1 revenue has been approximately 23% of annual revenues. We now expect it to be around 22% for Q1 2015 and in future years with the offset coming in Q4. Q1 2015 EPS will be impacted by a number of factors including the year-over-year revenue comparisons, the impact of VCE, and the lower incremental benefit from VMware in Q1. While the positive underlying growth trends in 2015 are being impacted by the FX changes and VCE accounting, we are establishing a solid foundation for the future while also delivering growth today as we transform our business. One example of where we are focusing our investments and building momentum is in Pivotal. Pivotal is the fastest growing of our Federation businesses. Pivotal has focused its business around three key areas, platform business service, where we introduced Pivotal Cloud Foundry in 2014. The Data Fabric opportunity where we completed the first year of selling the Pivotal Big Data suite, and agile development services via our very successful Pivotal Labs. Customers are leveraging this portfolio to build third platform applications that are transforming their businesses. Both of Pivotal’s new subscription products, Pivotal Cloud Foundry and Big Data suite are also very strong starts with about 100 enterprise customers representing approximately $80 million of total contract value booked in 2014. Pivotal’s move to a more subscription-based revenue model in 2014 will lead to a better long-term revenue profile, but does have an immediate impact on near-term reported revenue growth. To give you a sense for the strength of demand here, Q4 total bookings exceeded $100 million and grew over 75% year-over-year. This is indicative that Pivotal’s expertise in helping enterprises along their transformational journey is in high demand and unique in the marketplace. The Cloud Foundry Foundation is seeing success in establishing Cloud Foundry as the global industry standard open source SaaS technology and it is now the fastest growing open source project ever. The foundation now has a broad set of over 45 members including some newer members like Hortonworks and Doctor. Pivotal is also becoming an increasingly important factor in our cross-EMC solutions. These solutions offer a combination of products, converged infrastructure and services that offer unique value prop to customers. We will have more to say about our new Data Lake solutions including Pivotal and EMC technology in the very near future. Now turning to VMware. VMware continued its solid growth trajectory with Q4 revenues within EMC up 16% year-over-year. VMware demonstrated good progress across all three of its strategic areas of focus in the software-defined datacenter, hybrid cloud and end-user computing. NSX grew customers by 60% quarter-over-quarter and now has over 400 paying customers. It’s showing great momentum with over $200 million annual bookings rate. End-user computing grew license bookings over 60% year-over-year. And looking specifically at Air Watch, the customers count increased to over 15,000 in Q4. As the leader in the enterprise mobility management space, Air Watch has been a great success in its first year within VMware. Within the hybrid cloud opportunity, vCloud Air is also showing significant momentum with thousands of customers now signed on. With the position of trust VMware holds in the enterprise datacenters, vCloud Air is becoming an increasingly important cloud service weapon in the EMC infrastructure arsenal. We also expect that vCloud Air will become more popular with customers with the expansion of EMC value-added storage services within it. VMware has been moving to expand its offering to the software-defined enterprise over the course of the last couple of years. A significant measure of this progress is the fact that license bookings beyond standalone vSphere grew nearly 40% year-over-year in Q4 and are now greater than 55% of total license bookings. So we are making good progress there. Overall, EMC delivered solid Q4 and 2014 results while transforming our business and investing heavily in the future on our stakeholders behalf. In a tough IT environment, we grew, gained share and continue to position ourselves well while also returning capital to shareholders. We look forward to continuing to build upon these results in 2015. Now I’ll turn the call over to David to discuss the Information Infrastructure business. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Zane and good morning everyone. I’d like to start by thanking the entire EMC II team for - through a year of accomplishments in an IT market that is changing rapidly. We continue to innovate across all of our businesses and in storage we cemented a decisively in all the flash ray market segments. We leveraged our portfolio to break new and differentiated business outcomes of customers and we continued to gain share. These share gains in storage are a direct result of our investments and our ability to manage these investments in the context of our existing market-leading portfolio. EMC is the best-of-breed Information Infrastructure provider. This is true for traditional datacenter environments where the vast majority of enterprise workforce runs on SAN and not infrastructures as well as the next generation datacenter environments, where the vast majority of new workloads are going in the future running on objects and ATFS infrastructures. This is a key differentiator for EMC and customers are increasingly turning to EMC’s bridge between the traditional and next-generation datacenter environments. With these advantages, we grew our storage business 3% in Q4 and 2% for the year and grew faster than our peers during 2014. Within storage, emerging product revenue grew 40% in Q4 and 52% for the full year. At over $2.3 billion of revenue in 2014 Emerging Product now represents a significant share of our storage revenue and growing fast. We expect the Emerging Products group to continue to grow at over 30% in 2015 and exit the year as the second largest components of storage revenue as the unified and back-up recovery. We would not be seeing this level of success have we not invested as aggressively as we have done. With the acquisition of an investment in all flash rays for XtremIO, the in-house development of our unique software-defined storage platform ViPR and our continued innovation scale out file storage with Isilon and the creation of an object storage appliance with ECS, we are helping ensure to a complete lead in Information Infrastructure extends well into future as customers transition to a third platform of IT. Highlighting the major accomplishments across our Emerging Storage product portfolio this last year. XtremIO enters 2015 with remarkable momentum with bookings more than doubling from Q3 of 2014 to almost $300 million in Q4, putting XtremIO well over $1 billion run rate for bookings. By far, this fastest growing product in history of EMC in its very first year in the market XtremIO secured a commanding lead of the market segment for all flash rays. This is because XtremIO has the right architecture. It’s scaled out legally with data services always executing in line resulting in consistent predictable low latency. This is why nearly 40% of the Fortune 200 trust XtremIO and why we have over $130 million plus customers. ViPR continues to prove its differentiated value exceeding our expectations on both revenue growth and customer acquisitions in Q4 even securing non-EMC customers validating its value propositions to heterogeneous storage management. Isilon's strong close to 2014 did showed a year of accelerating revenue growth as it benefited from a number of tailwinds including the growing demand where file implementations have expanded to the point where they require a true scale out business to manage them. And for Big Data Analytics where Isilon’s native Hadoop capabilities can offer advantages and ease of use and low cost of ownership. In fact the customer count for Hadoop on Isilon grew from over 400 customers in Q3 over 600 in Q4. Our unified and back-up recovery business grew in Q4 against a tough compare and was up 4% for the full year. While the VNX product cycle annualized in Q4, its MCx architecture continues to drive flash adoption with flash capacity shipped on the VNX up almost 7% year-on-year in Q4. VNX also added 2000 new customers in the quarter, the majority of which are new to EMC’s storage. Our data protection offering showed solid growth in Q4. Companies are investing in our data protection architecture to reduce risk as they undergo massive datacenter conservations and we are committed to expanding our value proposition here. We recently enhanced our cloud capability in back-up with the acquisition of Spanning, which backs up cloud-based applications and the acquisition of Maginatics, which offers data protection and mobility across private, public and hybrid clouds. Our high-end VMAX business was down 7% in Q4 and 30% for the full year. This decline reflects that marked slowdown in the high-end market in 2014 as new third platform workload such as Hadoop are often better suited for alternative architectures that we have in our arsenal. We at EMC, have uniquely armed ourselves with a full portfolio of storage technology, providing our customers with the right tools for the right jobs. VMAX with its strong lead in the high-end market and a double-digit increase in installed-based capacity in 2014, will continue to be a storage main safe for many years to come. One of the biggest changes with VMAX-3 is that it is 100% x-86 based differentiating its peers in the high-end. This enables to accelerate innovations and improvements via software a sustainable competitive advantage. With VMAX-3 we also added HYPERMAX. This allows us to consolidate file gateways, management consoles and almost any other infrastructure workloads creating a TCO story for large-scale primary storage that's second to none. And for competitors who claim they are falling out VMAX a quick review. VMAX scale architecture enables 16 terabytes of global cache, 384 Intel cores and over 3 petabytes of flash which can be shared across 40,000 virtualized workflows. This raw horsepower combined with the full marked data services for reliability, availability and serviceability make it unique. With the transitions that VMAX-3 occurring at the pace we expected representing about 30% of the new systems sold in Q4, we are well positioned to 2015. Taking all this into account, we expect that VMAX rate of decline to ease a little in 2015. As we look back at 2014 and ahead 2015, the constant is changed. We have experienced change before here at EMC, in fact, looking back over the past four years there has been a dramatic shift within our major storage lines towards more emerging technologies. We continue to grow the storage business and outgrow our competitors while moving these newer technologies and we are managing this transformation while sustaining the profitability levels of our storage business. More specifically, for 2014, our gross profit in storage grew versus 2013 even with the significant mix shift and in a tough market environment. This speaks volumes about EMC's expected resiliency in the face of change and our philosophy that we’ve changed in terms of opportunity. To capture this opportunity we continuously transforming key areas of the Information Infrastructure business, with our products and converged infrastructure and in solutions. First, the transformation of our products. With the growth of our storage products reflects in the shifting dynamics for the storage market as a whole, we transformed our storage development organization in 2014 streamlining it into two divisions, our core technologies division and an emerging technologies division. We maintain our key competitive differentiation as best-of-breed in traditional storage and to lay the foundation for growth as primary storage and back-up steadily converge. In Q4, we combined our enterprise and mid-tier storage division and our back recovery into one operational unit with core technology division. This fully resources allows our complete investments in traditional storage to go further by reducing overlaps and increasing the reach of innovation across the full core technologies portfolio as opposed to product-by-product. As the core technologies part is mission-critical, enterprise lock workloads, our XtremIO all flash array is now also managed within the core technology division. This rationalization of resources also allows us to direct dollar save towards next generation systems and our emerging technology division will focus on turning technology breakthroughs into leading-edge products with our portfolio consisting primarily of Isilon, DSSD, and our software defined storage portfolio including ViPR, ScaleIO, and Elastic Cloud storage. The second change is in the area of converged infrastructure. As customers look to transform the IT infrastructure for agility and the foundation for delivery of IT as a service, they are looking for a step-function and the ease of the performance and ease of management that comes with converged infrastructures like VBlock and VSPEX. With VCE adding a record number of new customers in Q4, and the remarkable growth of VBlocks and VSPEX over the last few years, it is clear that customers preference the converged infrastructure is becoming a new normal. We expect continued strong growth here. The addition of VCE will earn $0.04 less per share than business as usual this year, but in aggregate, we expect VCE to contribute to operating profit dollars in 2015. As incremental investment offers tremendous opportunity and VCE is now the foundation of our converged infrastructure business unit, which now includes VSPEX, VBlocks, and new products like the one Zane mentioned to you which we’ll hear about next week. And beyond this, you are going to expect to see several other exciting develops throughout 2015. Our market-lead in converged infrastructure in both integrated systems and reference architecture is a key strength as we look forward. IT transformation is a prevalent theme with many a large customers. Converged infrastructure allows them to transform their IT infrastructure but in many cases, customers are looking for broader IT transformations. We are addressing these broader transformations be our Cross-Federation solutions, our third area of focus in 2015. Our enterprise hybrid cloud solution which builds on the capabilities of all parts of EMC incorporates private clouds, managed private clouds and public cloud technologies and it’s helping our customers tackle own IT transformation agendas. The larger EHC-based projects we have won span many quarters and many parts of the world and have a potential to grow to exceed $100 million each. We have focused on replicating these successes with even more customers in 2015. With our enterprise hybrid cloud solution, we have customers up and running in as little as 28 days, deploy applications 75% faster and can drive down IT cost by 25% compared with traditional project rollouts. We can deliver this quickly because we’ve packaged 40,000 hours of composing work into our EHC solution. EHC is a standardized, virtualized automated infrastructure for deploying datacenter workloads enabling customers take advantage of cloud ability and economics both existing and new applications. This is why in Q4 alone, EHC won as many engagements including a large US-based insurance underwriter, a West Coast utility, a telecom company in the Middle East and a top-10 global financial institution. EHC enables true transformation at the time when customers need it. Our partners see the value proposition here as well and several are getting up to speed to sell EHC with us. To help with this, we have formalized incentives capitalized on the power of leveraging the EMC II, VMware and Pivotal go to market as Zane alluded to earlier. Customers tell us of their desire that we work more closely together and in 2015, we expect to drive greater synergies and an even better customer experience through closer alignment between the EMC, VMware and Pivotal technology and field teams. With customer engagements becoming more consulted in nature customer satisfaction with our services team is more important than ever. And in 2014, both our professional and managed services teams earned even higher marks in customer satisfaction and the already high CSAT scores of 2013. EMC is often excited of the share gain in CIOs surveys as in this recent survey from Credit Suisse. This position of trust is a major strength to any time but especially during times of major industry change as our customers are experiencing right now. By continuously focus on providing the best customer experience, as customers speak nothing sure of transformation of how IT works for that business, we are helping to ensure, retain this tough spot with customers. We are doing what we need to, to continue to earn customers’ trust when it comes to handling their data, whether that’s restoring, optimizing, leveraging or protecting it, robust data protection includes not just availability but security as well. And in a world it’s increasingly mobile, social and cloud-based, our RSA security division is an increasingly important strategic part of our information infrastructure offering. RSA revenue grew 4% in Q4 and 5% for the full year. Our market leadership in GRC, our technology leadership in security analytics, and our strong base in risk-based identity position us to well help customers secure the next generation cloud-based IT environments. IIG’s Revenue was down 8% for Q4 and down 1% for the full year as the transition for subscription-based revenue model has been accelerated by the rapid growth of necessity where revenue growth doubled in Q4 and for the full year. We also saw a nice increase in profitability in 2014 with respect to sustained. As we look ahead to 2015, we expect IT spending growth and storage spending growth in constant currencies to be a little strong than it was in 2014. We also expect to see solid opportunity for EMC’s offerings and we enter the year energized. We have aligned our business to reflect the changes and opportunities in today’s market. We continue to innovate and lead and gain share in this slow growing, but massive market segments of enterprise network storage and the back-up recovery for these storage systems. We are making enormous strides in the faster growing areas of storage such as all flash arrays where we are also the market segment leader with the market segment leader in the converged infrastructure market segment. We have significantly higher market share in these new areas than we do in the enterprise network storage markets. We are leveraging the power the federation help our customers with broader IT transformations both existing apps and for new apps. And we are working on truly game changing technology across all areas of the federation bring to market in 2015. With these advantages, in a time of rapid evolution of enterprise datacenter supported by a customer facing team that adept the leveraging this broad portfolio to deliver business outcomes for our customers and partners, we are confident that will continue to execute the competition in 2015 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tony for Q&A.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, we ask you to try and limit yourselves to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for our cooperation in this matter. Joe, can we please have the first question?
Operator: Certainly, one moment. Our first question is from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks much. Good morning guys. I guess my question is really on the XIO and VMAX dynamics. XIO clearly seems to be doing very strong at the same time VMAX has slowed down quite a bit. There is a lot of concern I think that, XtremIO may be cannibalizing some of the VMAX sales. But to the extent you can just talk about, how much of that is true? How much of that are you seeing? And is XIO really bringing net new customers into the EMC family?
Joe Tucci: David, let me take that one. So, great question. We are very impressed with both platforms and we really have a kind of power and story going on here. Let me explain what I mean by that. Typically, when we got to XtremIO, we’ve actually updated our data on that as we spoke to you last time. You looked at the sales in Q4 and the sales of XtremIO are in like a third to third to third, what I mean by that is a third of them are going into existing EMC accounts where people are re-hosting workloads is either existing on a VMAX or a VNX, so impact both. The third of them are in the EMC account, but net new workloads and a third of them are into net new accounts. So essentially two-thirds of the XtremIO sales are into either new workloads on new accounts and only a third is the re-hosting workload sitting on, on existing EMC platform. So, we feel good about that particular dynamic and we also feel very good about the strength and position with VMAX also that vanilla question.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Amit. Next question please.
Operator: And our next question is from Maynard Um with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Maynard Um: Hi, thank you. If I take your constant currency revenue guidance and then remove the Emerging Storage growth of north of 40% and then the $700 million from VCE the remaining pieces look like they are growing. Can you just talk about the make-up and visibility of that, you referenced VMAX decline is moderating, but can you walk through the other segments and then just talk a little bit about what impact the mix shifts might have on your gross margin? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Yes, Maynard, that sounds like a multi-part question, but let me address the revenue part. Yes, obviously, there are number of - and it’s a little complicated with the impact of VCE and also the impacts of FX. But let me kind of give you a couple of perspectives, because Zane told exactly how much each of them were. So, if you kind of normalize them out, and I realize that’s only a piece of theory and axle, but you normalize them out and actually the storage business will be growing faster in 2015 in constant currencies than it was in 2014 and actually you also see a gross margin improvement in 2015 versus 2014 when you normalize them out as well. So perhaps, it’s the best way to think about the moving parts since it’s more specifics we can take that in a follow-up question.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Maynard. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I'm going to build on that a little bit. When you take all the emerging pieces and you strip out the $2 billion in revenue, you strip out VMware, it really looks like - by my math the core business looks to being declining anywhere from 3% to 5%. So first of all, is that math correct? And how are you thinking about the goalpost of that $2 billion with regard to that - that dilution to the EPS line? When do you think that becomes neutral to positive to the overall EPS story?
David Goulden: Why don’t we start with the second part of the question, right which is why put that one first in terms of, so that - so, in terms of these five areas, those six areas, down to took up where they are going to go beyond 2015 is something we’ll talk about at the forum which we mentioned we are not going to get into that today. On the normalization calculation, I mean, obviously there are number of things going on inside of the business. If you strip out everything that’s drawing, then obviously, then certain parts of business are up and certain parts of business are down. Remember what we’ve talked about VMAX, we do expect that, even though we are very excited about the technology in VMAX-3, along new enterprise apps going into different types of workloads to the more suited for alternative architectures to that part of the business will actually be down a little bit less than it was in 2014. So you got to look at the puts and takes. But I think it’s sounds a little bit unfair to strip out everything that’s growing and only look at what’s left. And then you got to look at the portfolio and how we are shifting and how does the portfolio moves with a higher percentage towards the new areas you actually see our growth rates are picking up. It’s really representative of the transformation we are doing of the business and how that transformation is now showing through in terms of accelerating revenues and improving gross and operating margins.
Joe Tucci: Let me add a little color. When our sales force goes in they don’t think about declining what’s declining, what’s growing, what they think about is, what are the customers’ needs and then we have a whole portfolio of products and as you can see, that’s our strength and as we are doing that, you can also note that our gross margins are doing well. So far, that we are substituting our low gross margin products or high gross margin products, that’s why we approach it. It truly is as David said the power of - that is the power of EMC is the fact that, VMAX has a great fit in many, many of our customers but also along with many times with XtremIO along with many times with ScaleIO and the fact that we can do that and with the margin profile we that Zane laid out is I think our strength. You should not look at it, these are declining, that’s all bad, this is all good. I mean, can we - how does this work in terms of the customer set and it’s working quite well.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Aaron. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz: Yes, thanks guys for taking the question. Just - on the buyback, I think there was some expectation going into this call and in the Analyst Meeting next couple of months here that the buyback may have been bigger based on Elliot's involvement. So, could you just give us your thoughts on how you got to that number and whether or not you could upside that during the year? Thank you.
Zane Rowe: This is Zane. Thanks for the question. First off, we obviously are benefiting from a strong balance sheet and as Joe talked about a lot of good investment in the company. So, as you mentioned I think there are expectations across the board on a buyback. We feel very comfortable with the flexibility we have. I mean, part of this is about balance and it is about a philosophy that hasn’t changed with the company. So, it is a balanced approach to it. We feel like, we do have flexibility for a number of different options, should they rise through the course of the year.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Alex. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open.
Keith Bachman: Hi, many thanks. I was wondering, David, if you could flush out a little bit more on VCE and talk about the strategy now that it's consolidated within EMC and specifically, Cisco has notional investment there might you broaden out to other networking vendors. When would you anticipate that profitability would improve or is it always going to be a drag on margins? But if you could just flush out the strategy as you look at VCE that would be helpful. Thank you.
David Goulden: Well, thank you, Keith. We first are very excited to have VCE as part of the family we talked about how rapidly it’s been drawing just logged about seventh quarter of 6% plus bookings growth and of course CI is a very strategic piece of infrastructure generally going forward. So I think it’s a great to asset to have. In terms of where we are going with it, there are couple of points, first of all, we are very committed to the partnership with CISCO, and very committed to VBlock. We want to change - exceptionally well. We will continue to incorporate more technologies from EMC, from VMware and also new technologies from CISCO, as well and we don’t really have any short-term plans to significantly broaden the portfolio. What we are focused on doing though is bringing a lot of our convergence infrastructure assets together. So we use to run these specs as a separate program, that’s now part of VCE. We are doing some new work that we will announce next week around new converged lower end type of converged systems at - of the VCE. So, it’s really creating a consolidation place to bring all of our converged infrastructure assets together and then leverage them more and more closely. And then finally from a margin point of view, I mean, I mentioned the fact that obviously compared to business as usual, with there is an impact of 2015, but I did want to reinforce that if you look at the aggregate effects of VCE together, it does contribute operating margins in 2015 even though compared to business usual it’s a little worse and as the business grows, we think we can continue to leverage and improve our position.
Keith Bachman: Okay. Thank you, David.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Keith. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kulbinder Garcha: Thanks. My question is for David and Zane. Just in terms of maybe looking at the guidance this way, let's strip out the impact of VCE, strip out the impact of VMware and revenue growth of what predominantly information storage, it seems to be kind of 2% to 3% and the margins operating-wise seems to be going down if I take out VCE and the impact of VMware. Is that the right way of thinking about it and I'm trying to think about where in that, David, versus your comments on the confidence this year of the storage market reaccelerating, IT spending being better and gaining market share. I know currency is a headwind by a couple of points as well, but it just seems like that guidance is either conservative or there is some caution or maybe I am doing the math wrong?
David Goulden: So, Kulbinder, I think you missing a little bit, you are missing the impact of FX. So, you take out VCE, take out VMware and I think you also got to normalize for FX because for the EMC Information Infrastructure business, it’s about 2.5% of revenue growth impact. So you back that out and you actually find on a constant currency, we expect the EMC II business to grow faster, but in 2014 we expect the gross margin be better than they were in 2014 and we expect the operating margin to be better than they were in 2014. The FX impact is not insignificant 2.5 points of revenue basically about 70 points of gross margin, about 80 points of operating income when you look at just EMC II. So that’s the way you need to think about. So it basically does for our storage that we expect - storage market to do a little bit better in 2015. We expect that EMC’s storage business to be better in 2015. We expect to better in the storage market in 2015.
Kulbinder Garcha: Got it. Thank you. Great.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Kulbinder. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian White with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Brian White: Yes, Joe, I am wondering if you could update us a little bit on the discussions with Elliot and kind of how you think about enhancing shareholder value. And I am just looking back, I mean, the stock is at the same place it was four years ago and I think people are getting a little anxious. Thank you.
Joe Tucci: We basically, we started doing considerably better in this last - I think on the back of a lot of news mostly related to currency, tech has some pretty bad days. So we are looking at tech in a bit of a trough. Basically, Elliot has been a good shareholder, and very constructive. We have had a lot of dialogues. We have tremendous potential and I think the forum on the 10th is going to be - we are not going to talk about structure, just to kind of - the address will probably everybody think it, but we are going to talk a lot about the options we have, our strategies, our products, why we can win, some of the actions we will take. And I think you will see that, we are doing a lot better than almost all the companies that were born in our era, so to speak. And we had a consistent growth. We’ve got great opportunities in our investment and I think a lot of what, people want to know is exactly when did these kind of headwinds on these investments we make can become tailwind and those are the kind of things we’ll lay out for you and why we think we can win in the market. So, again, we have a very open dialogue with Elliot as we do with a lot of shareholders. And, I think lot of attention and I think, the 10th will give you a lot of the answers you want. But we are going to just this again. We are not talking about structure, we are talking about our products and our options and how we can win.
Brian White: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Brian. Next question please.
Operator: It comes from Jayson Noland with Robert Baird & Company. Your line is open.
Jayson Noland: Great. Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on the emerging growth portfolio. There is lots of new and impressive - hyper-converged and efficiency-based technologies, companies that are taking a lot of share. David, are you happy with the portfolio as it sits right now and just basically wondering if there is an acquisition that needs to be made here or is it more of a tuck-in and build from - build internally?
David Goulden: Jayson, I am really happy with what we are doing in our emerging area. Again, 40% growth in the quarter, 50% plus the year, $2.3 billion business, and I’ll figure and all the little guys put together in that segment. I don’t want to give away too much but there will be a hyper convergence team around our announcement next week in terms of an area where we are going to lay aggressively ourselves. So, we think, we got the key assets. We are doing more joint work VMware that brings new solutions together. So I feel really good about where we are. If I look across these segments in the emerging area, we are the market leader in all the segments we could play and we’ve done incredibly well with XtremIO. I think we are doing incredibly well with our new solutions as well.
Jayson Noland: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: It comes from Jim Suva with Citi. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you and congratulations. A quick question, you mentioned the new or normal seasonality for Q1. It's been a long time since we've had kind of a normal operating environment given government sequestering and lots of things and now with the fold-in of VCE. Could you kind of update us on what normal seasonality is kind of - not only for Q1, but I guess, just normal for your full year?
Zane Rowe: This is Zane. I’ll start with that. I guess, taking from your question, line of question I probably should have an aspect on the new normal, because there are always these exogenous events that may alter that. As we talked about and David mentioned last year, the shift in the fulfillment process and making that process more efficient will have an impact on what we would call sort of new normal or a typical revenue profile through the course of the year. And what we tried to do is, just help you out and give you a sense of what impact that would have on revenue with the new normal being 22% of our full year revenue coming in, in the first quarter. And that’s a swap from the fourth quarter. So, it’s a point where you would historically see our percent of revenue mix in the first quarter and that’s a trade-off with the fourth quarter which should obviously increase the opposite amount. And then the remaining two quarters are roughly flat if you would just think of that profile through the course of the year.
David Goulden: Maybe just to add to that, just to help a little bit, what we said about Q1, remember, we kind of started our changing our order fulfillment process this time last year and you saw we had little bit more than 22% in Q1 last year, because it didn’t find, complete those change until Q2. So we are kind of explaining, we’ve actually got there and we talked about 22% as what we expected last year, we are short a little bit last year, but we now got locked in more that 22% level for this year
Jim Suva: Thank you very much.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Jim. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Toni Sacconaghi: Hi, yes, thank you. Joe, I was wondering if you could update us on your plans and leadership transitions at EMC. You talked publicly about February, plus or minus a few months in terms of being a transition. Obviously, the standstill agreement with Elliot had a date ascribed to it as well around September. So I am wondering, A. if the two are related in any way and B. if you can provide an update on how we should be thinking about a leadership transition at EMC in the near term? Thank you.
Joe Tucci: Sure, thanks Toni. I think, I’ve been inconsistent and basically because, with the Board they gave me contract that ends sometime in February. I think a lot of - there was lot of focus. I tried to say that February was a guidepost and I said it could be couple of months and couple of quarters earlier, which obviously was not and it could be a couple of months, couple of quarters, few quarters later. And then, I’ve also said that the Board has talked to me and I would look favorably upon saying on this and involve Chairman and not of an involve Chairman for a longer period than that. So basically, this is still within the guidelines, I don’t want nor as the Board agrees that we are not going to put another date with another contract. I am serving at the will of the Board, the will of the all the employees here and of course the will of our shareholders and I am really excited about our opportunities and our prospects. So it’s not directly related to Elliot, but it’s just kind of what we are going to do to make sure everything is smoother succession we can possibly have here.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Toni. We’ll have a few concluding comments from Joe now and then we’ll end the call. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Thanks for joining us and hopefully you have left with the feeling that we deeply believe in our opportunity that we can win in the significant IT transformation that is taking place. We have an incredibly large and valuable stable of relevant leading technologies and services to both today’s market, today’s IT world and tomorrow’s IT world. We have the people, the leadership and the expertise that trust in what we are doing, believing what we are doing and customers’ trust them to help them on their IT journey. And we look forward to sharing more with you at our strategic forum. So whether be it the web or in person, please join us and again, just thank you so much for your interest in EMC.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - VP, Global IR Joe Tucci - Chairman & CEO David Goulden - EMC Information Infrastructure CEO Zane Rowe - CFO
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - Stifel Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Nehal Chokshi - Maxim Group Brian Alexander - Raymond James Andy Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Ben Reitzes - Barclays
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP, Global Investor Relations of EMC. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2014. Today, we are joined by EMC's Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure CEO; and Zane Rowe, EMC's CFO. Joe will begin our discussion with his view of the trends happening in IT, EMC's vision and strategy and how the EMC federation is managing the transition to the third platform. For this call, David will still be wearing his two hats, as CEO of Information Infrastructure, and outgoing CFO of EMC. He will comment on our results and provide a bit more detail regarding EMC's operation and success this quarter. He will also discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2014. After the prepared remarks, Joe, David and Zane will be available to take your questions. We are providing you with our projected financial model for 2014. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discreet financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today's slides available for download in Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation, unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today's press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thanks, Tony. I would like to welcome everyone to today's call and thank you for joining us. Overall we are pleased with our execution and results in Q3 as our year-over-year revenue and non-GAAP EPS growth accelerated to 9% and 10% respectively. Within across our three major businesses, VMware grew by 17%, Pivotal by 24%, and EMC II at 6% representing very good balance. I believe that when you compare our results with those of our large cap enterprise IT peers, our growth rate will standout. Why? Because our strategy, our product offerings, our portfolio of services and solutions, coupled with crisp execution sets us apart in the minds of our customers. I would like thank my 65,000 plus colleagues from EMC, VMware, and Pivotal, and our valued partners around the world for their professionalism and hard work and their total dedication to our customers' success. Whenever I meet with investors or analysts, I almost always get the question, is the change we are seeing in IT spending patterns secular or cyclical in nature? To that question I always respond that it is primarily secular. The reason for this is that firstly, all businesses and forward thinking governments are embarking on software-defined business strategies. These strategies call for new ways to interact with their customers and core constituencies, suppliers, partners, and employees, in new real time ways, ways that are far more agile, rapid, and yes, disruptive. To free up the ample investment dollars to fund these third platform software-defined business models, CIOs must find ways to constrain spending on their first and second-generation mainframe client server PC based infrastructures. To be clear, this is not easy to do. For the vast majority of the business processes and applications, which an enterprise runs on today, were built on first and second-generation IT platforms. And the majority of these applications are not going to be replaced any time soon. So for an IT organization balancing these two conflicting needs is paramount. But it is a bit like changing the tires on a bus on travelling at 70 miles per hour and thus causes considerable angst and some hesitation in IT spending. Hence, my secular shift answer. That said there is also a political, economic, and social unrest in several areas of the world that does add a cyclical element to IT spending patterns. Some of these cyclical factors have dominated the new cycle in recent days and caused some concern. So while our field forecast support our updated expectations, we continue to closely monitor these factors. To be clear, in time of significant secular change, business as usual is not and will not be a viable option. Major secular IT shift always come with strong disruptive headwinds, but also with massive opportunities. Our job as a leadership team is to try to chart a course that rides you to ways of disruptions and capitalize on the vast opportunity that the third IT platform will present in cloud computing, mobile, Big Data, and security. And this is exactly what EMC family of companies is focused. And as our Q3 results indicate, we are gaining significant traction. With our products, services, and solutions, we help our customers maximize their efficiency and effectiveness in their second-generation IT platforms. We help our customers in their journeys of third-generation hybrid, private, and public cloud datacenter technologies. We help our customers with mobile device management security strategies with their employees, partners, and customers. We help our customers build real time experiences with new agile business models, and we help our customers with their cyber security needs. We are also being bold by investing heavily in new growth vectors. As we discussed last quarter, EMC II, VMware, and Pivotal, had made numerous big bets in advanced technologies that are very disruptive in their nature. With Nicira, NSX we are targeting software-defined networking. With AirWatch, we are capitalizing on a need for mobile device management and security. With Pivotal, we are developing new cloud and data fabrics, along with technologies that build and deploy applications faster. With ViPR, ScaleIO, and ECS, we are leading an heterogeneous software-defined cloud scale storage. With XtremIO, we are offering high performance flash scale-out storage. With DSSD we are developing extremely fast rack scale flash storage for third platform data centers. And in our VCE joint venture, we pioneer the now leading converged infrastructure. To demonstrate the potential and progress of these technology investments, in 2014, we expect combined revenue from NSX, AirWatch, Pivotal, XtremIO, ViPR, and ScaleIO to be approximately $1 billion and growing extremely rapidly. Additionally ECS is just beginning and DSSD is still in development and David will talk about VCE's accomplishments in a bit. Collectively these technology investment bets cost us over $6 billion and are having a negative high-teen cents per share impact to 2014 earnings. We are making these investments because of our conviction that they will pay off handsomely for our shareholders in the years ahead, as each of these six product areas has $1 billion potential for us in annualized revenue. In addition to the investments I just mentioned, I'm pleased to say that today we are announcing the next phase of evolution for VCE, our converged infrastructure joint venture with Cisco. In this next phase, EMC will have a controlling interest in VCE, which will continue to operate with its own mission, charter, and structure, reporting directly to David Goulden. We believe this move will provide VCE with the agility required to continue to lead the competitive converged infrastructure segment, as well as expand the solutions which it can offer to customers. Cisco and VMware will continue to have a strong commitment to and equity interest in VCE. I look forward to place the new trails with the 2000 plus people from VCE and I would like to welcome them to the EMC family. Let me now close with a few additional comments on Q3. This past quarter we have had a lot of interest, meetings, and feedback with and from our investors, and I want you to know that we take this input very seriously. We also received quite a bit of trust coverage on numerous different speculations. Through all this coverage we continue to focus on our mission at hand. I assure you we have great assets and a strong market position and our board and management are very focused on enhancing shareholder value. We plan to complete our $3 billion 2014 buyback before the end of this year. And we are also working on our capital allocation policy for 2015, as always, with a focus on the needs of our business and shareholder returns. You can expect our approach to shareholder returns in 2015 to be aggressive and consistent with our company's need to maintain strategic and financial flexibility. Thank you again for joining us. But before I turn it over to David Goulden for more details on Q3 and 2014, I'd like to introduce you to our new Executive Vice President and CFO, Zane Rowe. Zane was the former CFO of Continental Airlines and United Continental, where he did a fabulous job and built a great reputation with both his colleagues and investors. Zane was recently at Apple, reporting to Tim Cook, running consumer and enterprise sales in North America. We are pleased to welcome Zane back into the CFO fold. I know it will be a great add to the EMC leadership team. Zane, welcome, the mic is yours.
Zane Rowe: Thank you, Joe, and thank you to everyone at EMC for the warm welcome I've received so far and good morning to all of you on the call. I'm looking forward to getting to know many of you over time. I'm excited to be joining the team right now for a number of reasons. EMC has a proven ability to foresee change, invest wisely, and execute successfully. As a result, we are very well-positioned and are taking advantage of some of the massive changes that are occurring right now in cloud, in mobile, and in Big Data. With the leadership position we've built in the data center, I believe we have the kind of opportunity that just doesn't come along every day. The results this quarter strengthened my view. Obviously, our continued share gains and storage and ongoing market leadership and virtualization are highlights. The success we are seeing in our investment areas such as ViPR, XtremIO, ECE, AirWatch, and Pivotal is encouraging evidence of our ability to position ourselves for future growth, and I believe the best is yet to come. We had industry-leading assets and talent, combined with the sound strategy, a flexible business model, and an ability to execute that is second to none. As David will discuss, it was a solid Q3, and the team that I have met with are working hard driving results in Q4. I'm thrilled to join them and I'm looking forward to helping EMC continue to create and grow value for shareholders, customers, and employees. Thanks again, Joe. Back to you.
Joe Tucci: Thank you, Zane, and again, welcome. It's a truly great to have you on the team. As I turn the call over to David for his formal remarks, I'd like to personally thank him for doing double duty as EMC's CFO and leaving EMC II. David, you have been and are a pure pleasure to work with. Thank you for everything you do. The floor is yours.
David Goulden: Thanks, Joe. I'd also like to welcome Zane; it's great to have you on board. I'm sure you realize by now that you're inheriting a world class finance organization. So I know you'll fit right in. Zane has worked closely with me and our team over the last few weeks as we prepared for today's call and I look forward to transitioning more of the lead to him in future calls. So good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today to discuss a strong Q3 that was on track and in line with our expectations. We believe our success in the quarter was in no small part due to the value proposition we've created with our strategically realigned businesses as customers seek to take advantage of cloud, mobile, Big Data, and security technologies. We believe we've anticipated and invested for the changes in IT better than our peers and as a result we're outgrowing them. This was evidenced by our Q3 results. We grew consolidated revenue to a third quarter record of $6 billion or 9% year-on-year. Our non-GAAP EPS grew 10% to $0.44. We saw strength across the business with Pivotal revenues up 24%, revenue from VMware up 17%, and EMC Information Infrastructure revenue up 6%. Within our major geographies, revenue grew 8% in North America, 15% in EMEA, 4% in APJ, and 1% in Latin America. Our BRIC+ 13 markets also grew at a healthy 9%. Looking at line items driving our earnings growth, consolidated gross margin in Q3 was 63.7%, down 10 bps sequentially and 20 bps compared with Q3 of last year. Within these results, gross margin at Pivotal and VMware declined reflecting the impact of the growth initiatives, as well as the continuing shift to subscription based revenues at Pivotal. EMC II gross margins was approximately flat both sequentially and year-on-year. We saw good improvements in margins for mixed flash pricing and leverage from lower fixed costs. However, these improvements were masked this quarter by difficult comparison with some variable cost benefits we recognized in Q3 of last year. Normalizing for these benefits we would have shown solid year-on-year gross margin improvements for EMC II. The increasing mix of VMware was helpful to the overall Q3 gross margin rates. Overall, gross margin profit dollar increases at $0.11 per share the quarter's non-GAAP EPS versus last year's. Operating expenses grew 9% year-on-year reflecting major investments we are making at Pivotal and VMware and while we continue to make significant investments in EMC II operating expenses there grew only 3%. This increase in consolidated OpEx in Q3 over last year amounted to about $0.07 per share. Non-operating expenses was higher versus last year's Q3 due to VCE and FX related expenses. The reduction into our share count versus last year contributed $0.02. As a result, we finished Q3 with non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.44 again in line with our expectations. We generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow in Q3 and $3.2 billion year-to-date, approximately $700 million higher than our non-GAAP net income year-to-date. Our cash and investments at quarter-end were $15.4 billion, $3.6 billion of which is in EMC II U.S. We repurchased approximately $375 million worth of EMC shares in Q3 and returned about $240 million to shareholders via our quarterly dividend. We plan to complete the balance of our share buyback commitments of about $1.6 billion before year-end. Successful enterprises balanced this return of capital with growing the returns on shareholder capital through intelligent management of the business. Through our strategy and investments we are addressing several great opportunities in some of the hottest segments of technology, and we're incredibly well-positioned to continue to build the business as we move forward. IT is on the threshold where CIOs are looking to do things for their business that were impossible just a few years ago. Among their priorities are new cloud-agnostic application development via platform-as-a-service, simple and automated virtualized scale infrastructure that can connect seamlessly and securely to off-premise environments as needed via enterprise hybrid clouds and keeping architectural options open with solutions allowed for choice. Customers are seeking strong partners that are well equipped to help them achieve their new IT goals. The broad base of technology and expertise available through EMC is a distinct competitive advantage for us and the one that drew many customers for us in Q3. Trusting EMC as the only vendor capable of delivery in time and quality for the entire infrastructure stack were key to the choice of EMC and VMware technologies at a global bank in Australia. And the combination of an even broader, of EMC and VMware technologies drove the win of state government in the Mid West which expects to fund a strategic IT and cloud transformation with savings captured from its transformation to a consolidated standardized infrastructure. Their desire among customers has to be more tightly integrated and provide more cohesive solutions to help them with bigger problems. This is a common refrain. We are having strategic meetings with many customers, including a recent and well publicized meeting at a large financial institution where they're asking us to work more closely together no less. We expect to grow the number of wins that leverage capabilities from across the federation considerably as we build-out our portfolio of joint solutions from EMC II, VMware, and Pivotal. Pivotal is the fastest growing of our federation businesses benefiting from this transition to NextGen applications by the enterprise. Q3 revenue grew 24% year-on-year driven by strength of Pivotal Labs and Pivotal CF our commercial distribution of Cloud Foundry, which also gained traction in Q3. Large enterprises look for platform-as-a-service on which they can build-out their NextGen applications over next several years. In the early stages of these build-outs where we find ourselves today, just a fraction of the applications that will be built on Pivotal CF exist. As more applications on the data associated with these applications get created, the revenue associated with these implementation grows along with them. We continue to expand the number of customers adopting Pivotal CF in Q3, including addition of three major financial institutions, three technology companies, a major sports league network, a mobile carrier, and Lockheed Martin. Lockheed Martin is using Pivotal CF to improve the deployment of systems and software for missile and flight systems R&D with the help of Pivotal Labs and analytic tools Pivotal HD and HAWQ. The aforementioned sports network approached Pivotal Labs to create a system for measuring cellular data on live video usage through mobile applications. Using Pivotal software solutions including the Big Data suite and Pivotal CF, the team is creating a solution that will optimize media revenue through analytics. And these as with all Pivotal CF deployments we are laying the foundation what we expect to be many years of high value business partnerships. Pivotal is benefiting from its place as the leading commercial distribution of Cloud Foundry, as well as promised place in the federation, as many of these wins in Q3 were in partnership with other EMC businesses. VMware too continues its rapid growth with revenue within EMC up 17% year-on-year in Q3, driven by continued traction in VMware's three areas of focus: software-defined data centre, hybrid cloud solutions, and end user computing. The expansion of VMware's business beyond service virtualization was evidenced by its non-standalone vSphere license bookings in the quarter, which were once again greater than 50% of total license bookings. VMware has several other indicators of success in each of its strategic areas of focus in the past quarter. In SDDC, NSX customer count grew to over 250 from over 150 last quarter. In hybrid cloud the newly branded vCloud Air continues to expand its global footprint with a new location in New Jersey, the announcement of an early access program in our first locations in Japan and Germany, and an early access program for vCloud Air government service in the U.S. vCloud Air object storage joined VMware's hybrid cloud portfolio. vCloud Air object storage is based on EMC ViPR technology and offers extremely scalable, cost effective, and durable storage for unstructured data. And in a survey by Jeffries, VMware scored at the top of the list of cloud providers, with 80% of respondents considering VMware for part of their hybrid cloud deployments. This enthusiasm was collaborated by a survey of over 400 of our channel partners, where VMware topped the list of cloud service provider the partners carry or intent to carry well ahead of Microsoft and Google. And in end user computing, we grew new license bookings more than 60% over last year's Q3. And within this desktop license bookings once again grew double-digits year-over-year. Finally, with the OpenStack and containment announcements in the quarter, VMware clearly embraces one of the key values of the federation that of customer choice. It's through choice they were able to deliver tremendous agility to our customers. Now moving to EMC Installation Infrastructure. Year-on-year Q3 revenue growth in storage accelerated to 6%, demonstrating clear share gains and traction of several of our strategic investments, including notably strong growth in XtremIO, ViPR, and ScaleIO. We also benefited from considerable solid growth in our unified and backup recovery portfolio of 6%, which was held by accelerated growth of both VNX and Data Domain. The decline in the high-end eased from last quarter to 7% year-on-year. The VMAX-3 became generally available on September 26 and we're pleased the shipments of new systems in the quarter were in line with expectations. Some of these went to Superna, which operated data centers where companies can test and develop highly available and scalable DR systems. Superna adopted VMAX-3 for its performance, its highly available architecture, and its ability to quickly and simply provision storage. These features make it an ideal platform to build and simplify cloud enabled DR solutions for their customers. With the game changing capabilities that VMAX-3 brings to high-end, we expect to extend our lead in this segment of the market, as the VMAX-3 ramps starting in Q4 and through next year. Emerging Storage products grew 47% year-on-year and this category is now almost 60% the size of the high-end. CIOs continue to invest heavily in areas that will take their business to the third platform and are redeploying dollars from their second platform savings to do so. Flash, software-defined storage, and Hadoop are among the hottest trends in the data centre right now and we invested early to establish leading solutions in each. XtremIO are all flash array surpassed the $0.5 billion mark on an annualized demand run rate in Q3. This is an incredible milestone for products just be on the market for just over three quarters. XtremIO continues to be very profitable with customers building out mobile strategies with virtual desktop infrastructures. And with the launch of snapshots and compression earlier this year, we saw a notable increase in the deployments of XtremIO for database in Q3. There have been two major keys to success here. One is our superior scale-out architecture, as evidenced by a win rate of over 90% in Q3 based on the number of deals. The other is the ability of our sales force to quickly identify and seize opportunities for XtremIO technology. Our software-defined storage solutions, including ViPR controller, ViPR data services, and ScaleIO, enable customers to automate and simplify their storage environments. By abstracting array-based storage to drive high levels of automation and by providing new storage systems like objects and HDFS on commodity off-the-shelf hardware, ViPR allows customers to bridge their existing and NextGen workloads. As a result, its popularity is ramping rapidly. Isilon's growth accelerated again in Q3, driven by a strength in financial services and manufacturing, as well as by newer growth sectors in the areas of video surveillance and analytics where its native Hadoop capabilities allow cost and time efficient analysis of Big Data. In fact, Isilon now has over 400 customers running Hadoop on iphone systems. Pivotal is a popular analytics option here as is Cloudera. One of the bigger wins in the quarter was in partnership with Pivotal for the delivery of a daily rate solution for a U.S. based internet companies operations in Japan. The ISP shows Isilon simply management and improved processing of the environment, which have been running on application service. The improved processing speed, the customer will be able to gain with Pivotal HAWQ were important part of the value proposition. Our emerging storage broad group's 47% growth in Q3 propelled us to a $2.3 billion annualized revenue run rates. Clearly, our investments here are paying off and our strategy is working. While cloud mobile and Big Data are driving changes to the underlying technology, they are also driving changes to deployment models and selling the motions as well. The popularity of converged infrastructure as evidenced through the success of VSPEX and Vblocks speaks volumes about customer's preference for simplicity and speed and ease of deployment. Our channel partners continue to drive the success of VSPEX's referenced architectures, demand for which grew at over 30% in Q3. Our partners have been essential to our ongoing share gains, and in Q3 grew revenues considerably faster than the rate of storage overall. VCE surpassed $2 billion annualized demand run rate for Vblock and Vblock related products and services exiting Q3, which was the sixth consecutive quarter of greater than 50% growth in demand. Bringing the rapidly growing VCE more fully into EMC is a great move, as it allows us to more fully benefit from the clear leader in the converged infrastructure market segments. I would like to welcome VCE CEO Praveen Akkiraju, President Frank Hauck, their management teams, and VCE's more than 2000 employees who are experts in the design, building, sale deployments, and support of CI systems into EMC. Within EMC, we will expand the charter VCE to become the converged infrastructure systems integration and enterprise hybrid cloud solutions ARM of our company. Our professional services grew nicely in Q3, benefiting from an increasing focus upon delivering business outcomes, as well as from its role in assembling cost federation solutions. EMC services business led a number of engagements in the quarter that leverage a combination of technologies from EMC II, VMware, and Pivotal, and in some cases all three together, including a Deutsche Bank building out secure IT as a service and platform-as-a-service. A U.S. based healthcare provider building out IT as a service on a Big Data analytics platform. A Canadian oil company looking to simply its IT by deploying a hybrid cloud. A Chinese service provider looking to build-out platform and security as a service offerings. I'll stop here because I think you get the picture. And there are several more laid out in our slides. Again, these are only some of the cross company deal facilitated by our professional services teams. And there are many more wins that leverage across EMC capabilities that happened either without a consulting engagement or with partner support. In fact, bringing these solutions together on a more scalable and repeatable basis is the objective of our federation solution sets, drawn from a combination of technologies from EMC, VMware, and Pivotal. These engineered solutions are focused on third platform opportunities and make it easier for customers to get value from the combination of products across the EMC entities. We just launched the first of these five solutions, the Federation Software-Defined Data Center earlier this month and expect to launch the remaining four virtual desktop, enterprise data lake, platform-as-a-service, and security analytics, over the coming quarters. Turing now to security and content management. Security remains a top priority as organizations build-out hybrid clouds. RSA grew 4% over Q3 of last year, with strength in a newer part of business being offset by a lower growth in the traditional identity segments. Our Information Intelligence Group revenue grew 3% from last year with simplicity continuing to do very well. I am proud of the strong financial performance EMC II demonstrating Q3. I would like to extend my thanks to entire team who worked hard to grow the business and control costs. I'd also like to thank our customers and partners for their continued support. Now on to guidance. We are updating our expectations for 2014 and now expect to achieve revenue of approximately $24.5 billion, still up 6% year-on-year but reduced by $75 million due to currency headwinds we now expect in Q4. Non-GAAP operating margins of approximately 24%. Non-GAAP EPS of approximately a $1.90 due to a slow decline in share outstanding that we anticipated three months ago. And free cash flow of approximately $5.35 billion, driven by a $450 million reduction of VMware free cash flow from their July guidance. Finally, we expect the addition of VCE to be neutral to our 2014 EPS results. In 2015, consolidating VCE will result in higher revenues and the movement of non-operating expenses to operating expenses, which will lower operating margins. We expect the net effect of these changes to be slightly diluted to 2015 EPS. We are excited about the growth and strategic potential of VCE and expected to contribute to EPS growth beyond 2015. In closing, we have a strong competitive position and successful strategy. And these advantages have enabled us to outgrow our peers. More importantly, these advantages combined with the leading portfolio of technology assets we have carefully assembled over the past several years increased our relevance with customers at the time of unprecedented change and opportunity. The result is that we continue to out execute today and we're making the right strategic investments to out execute in the future. With that, I will turn it over to Tony to moderate today's Q&A. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourselves to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for our cooperation in this matter. Candy, can we have the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Aaron Rakers of Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I want to touch on the guidance and what would be implied as a deceleration in growth for your EMC Information Infrastructure business into the calendar fourth quarter? And that on the heels of what looks to be obviously an important high-end product cycle. So can you talk a little bit about your assumption there, what you are seeing in terms of the installed base of VMAX-3 and how we should think about the cannibalistic effect of the XtremIO product in that installed base? Thank you. 
David Goulden: Aaron, this is David. Good morning. Let me take that. So I think you need to look at the Q3 versus Q4 progression on a sequential basis, and it's very much in line with what we talked about. Coming into the year, bear in mind, we've actually got quite a big sequential growth from Q3 to Q4 because of change in business practices around the way we're handling the quarter-end. So the reason why you see the actual growth rates change, going down from Q3 to Q4 is really to do with the compare with last year. And this year is sequentially exactly in line with what we've been talking about. You also mentioned VMAX and XtremIO so let me touch on those. As we said, we started shipping the VMAX-3 at the end of the third quarter. We expect to saw ramping of shipments into quarter four. Remember this is a very major architectural change in the VMAX family. Every six or seven years we introduce a brand new architecture that takes longer to get to the 50% transition than when we do a texture and this is one of those longer transactions so expected to be into the middle of next year before we get to the 50% mark in terms of percentage of new systems being shipped. And then, finally, you mentioned the XtremIO which we always phenomenal growth in the quarter of XtremIO I talked about a $0.50 billion run rate. As we said last time, most of those systems are going into either net new applications or competitive environments, about 20% of the XtremIO systems were installing basically, taking applications from either a VMAX or a VNX. So understand it can impact both system but 80% are going into net new environment for us.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel: Thank you for the color.
Tony Takazawa: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Kulbinder Garcha of Credit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thanks. I have a question, a clarification for David and a question for Joe. David, for you, on the gross margin within the information storage business, it did disappoint again and there was some commentary about variable costs. Could you just explain that again or be a bit more specific? And then the question for Joe I have is that I appreciate there's been obviously lots of conversations with your investors and lots of strategic discussions EMC are having. My basic question is, is there a point at which the outcome of whatever you're discussing is going to be communicated to the street and is there a timeframe we can think about for that? Many thanks.
David Goulden: Hi. It's Goulden, and good morning. Let me go first. Yes, on the gross margins, let me explain to you -- first of all, year-on-year -- let's say on the call the important things that we lookout are what's happening to the impact of a mix in the portfolio on pricing and as I said, we got benefit from those year-on-year also, what's happening to our fixed costs, the change we're making to our business processes to helping us to bring our fixed cost down, we got good leverage from that on the higher volume. The compare year-on-year are not as strong as you would have expected because it's masked by some variable cost benefits you got in Q3 of last year those variable cost benefits are related to some product vendor rebate and some other credits that really helps the gross margins a lot in Q3 last year. If you took those out you see really strong growth year-on-year. Another way to look at it is that we did see gross margins increase their sequentially from Q2 to Q3 on a modest volume increase there you see a very normalized impact of margins going throughout the year as we expect and then of course I just talked about is going help us also going into Q4.
Joe Tucci: I'm not going to answer your questions specifically let me say it this way. I do believe we owe our investors and those who follow us an update and kind of an Investor Day and Analyst Day and we will do that early in the New Year.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Kulbinder. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Maynard Um of Wells Fargo.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: Hi, thanks. VCE becoming an EMC business seems to put greater odds against parts of VMware's portfolio on the converged side. I'm just wondering if you can help us understand this dynamic and how this plays out really going forward. And then, Joe, could you just touch on your plans following February of 2015? Thanks.
David Goulden: Hi, Maynard, good morning. VCE coming into the portfolio, bear in mind VCE is producing converged infrastructure based upon building blocks that come from EMC, VMware, and the Cisco. So bringing in doesn't really change that profile. And as you already know, EMC is partnering with VMware around the EVO RAIL initiative to produce low-end of CI systems as well. So bringing it in really doesn't change the positioning of the portfolio, we'll continue to build Vblocks, we will build an expanded family of Vblocks going forward over time as part of EMC.
Joe Tucci: You asked about my plans and they really haven't changed. You should view February of 2015 as kind of a guide post not a definitive date. I have told the Board in many discussions and they're actively involved in the succession process obviously, it's theirs to do. I have told them that if you had some, you had a person, and you wanted to move earlier that's fine with me. If you need me to stay a little bit longer and I'm not talking years, I'm talking a little bit longer, months, quarters that's fine. And then I've also -- I've offered that if you wanted me to stay on some kind of Chairman role, I would certainly contemplate that favorably. So that's kind of where we are.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Before we move on to remind you that we're only taking only one question please, no clarifications so you're going to have to pick one. Next one, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: I figured Tony was going to put that law down before I asked a question so I'll stick to one. May be if you could just touch on some of the linearity that you saw in the quarter. One of your larger peers, IBM, obviously talked about a big slowdown in the month of September. Your geo data doesn't suggest much is happening there. May be in APJ, there's some softness. But may be just touch on the linearity in the quarter, if you saw anything on a geographic basis that stood out to you towards the end?
David Goulden: Yes, good morning and thank you for the long question. On linearity, obviously we saw a good September. We saw as you would expect in Q3 particularly with Europe being relatively quiet for a couple of quarters, sorry for a couple of months and coming back in September. In order to have a strong Q3, you need to have a strong September and we saw that. We did see as usual customer caution kind of pushing more towards the backend, the backend loaded nature of quarters continue. From a geography point of view, let me just make kind of couple of comments about how we saw things developing. In -- obviously we saw a strong growth in Europe, I mean much stronger than our peer sets. And there we saw really good growth in every market apart from Russia. Russia was down significant year-on-year for kind of obvious reasons. But without exception we saw strong growth across the business in the Europe. In APJ, in China we saw double-digit growth, which we were pleased about. We saw some continued weakness in Japan, which was largely due to currency and that kind of gives you I think some of the highlights around geo flavor. I would comment in North America we did see a bounce back in the federal business. Of course we had a really tough year last year on the EMC side of things because of the budget problems a year ago and we saw a much more normal quarter in the Q3 in federal.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Amit. We appreciate your help. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Hi, my one question for Joe is strategic choices. Joe, your stock has underperformed the S&P over a number of different measurement periods, one, three and five years. So at least as measured against one metric, stock price, your strategy has not been rewarding shareholders. You've acknowledged that you've spoken with shareholders but it sounds like you want to embark on more of the same strategy. And so the broader question is are you willing to consider more meaningful changes in your strategy? And as part of that, it has been widely reported, and HP has even acknowledged it, that you've had some M&A conversations. If you could please fit in your answer what led you to the conclusion to at least have a conversation that would be a large M&A deal? Thank you.
Joe Tucci: First of all I don't know I'm not aware that of any statements that HP made but we have been very clear that we don't comment on speculation rumors. So I'm not going to do that today. In talking about the business, it's kind of baffling in a way because if you look at counting this year something we make the forecast that we believe we will. If you looked at our top-line over the last three years we've grown at 7%. If you look at our free cash flow we've grown at 9%. If you look at our EPS 8% and if you look at our EPS it's about also about 8% so and that's CAGR. So obviously stock prices not moved a lot I agree but so it's not reflecting our performance. So -- as I said before our management board, our management and Board is very focused on announcing shareholder value. But we also believe and again this is what we do believe with Elliot that we are in good businesses then we have a strong position in those good businesses. We do have great technology assets. We have a very talented leadership team and a great workforce and yes, we're undervalued and that's why we're undertaking and making sure that we're very focused on enhancing shareholder value. But the underlying performance at a business, if you compare it to companies kind of born and when we were born, which is we were born in the client server age. So we look at companies born in client server age or before we are right at the top in terms of producing results. So it is a good baffling and I think we have tremendous bets you talk, may be talked about 2.3 billion our emerging markets on EMC II side. VMware posted good growth numbers yesterday on their emerging side so and Pivotal is 100% immersed in the third platform. So I think we got a great -- I know we have great assets and so we're taking all of these things and basically saying a) communicate better, continue to get -- retain customer confidence and wins which we're doing and tell to make sure that we focus on enhancing shareholder value so. Longer answer and I probably should have done but that's what's going through our heads right now.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Keith. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Thanks and Joe, I was hoping to get a little bit of color behind what drove the change in the VCE ownership, what was working, what was not. Why did you feel that the partnership with Cisco and VMware on this had to change from what -- it was working up until now? And with the change also in management there, what new opportunities are now opened up to VCE that were potentially more limited under the previous ownership structure?
Joe Tucci: I'll give a little color but this business VCE is going to report to David. So I'm going to let David start.
David Goulden: Okay. So let me kind of start where you ended. So in terms of what we can do with VCE, as a member of the EMC family, is actually very exciting. First of all understand we built with VCE, we built the number one player in the converged infrastructure marketplace with now $2 billion revenue run rate, growing very rapidly, over 2000 people are immersed in this technology. It's a really key strategic asset and have the ability to bring into EMC is very exciting because CI of course is very important to our strategy as a company. So we created this particular part of the strategy outside of the company and by bringing it really lets us now double down with it. In terms of focus and expansion, first of all lets us -- we will be -- basically maintain but slightly expanding the charter inside of EMC. First of all we'll expand the charter to overtime produce an even broader range of converged infrastructure solutions than we have right now from VCE. But very importantly you've heard us talk a lot about enterprise hybrid cloud, you'll hear us talk a little bit more about it in a couple of week's time. What we're going to also charter VCE we're doing is to become the solutions of the company to really help deliver the dense price hybrid clouds to our customers because lot of our enterprise hybrid cloud activities are actually based on top of Vblocks. Having the Vblock capability and the ability to integrate the Vblock now put more software on top of it to really help our customers get all the way up to enterprise hybrid cloud is a really great opportunity to expand upon the charter. So that's what we'll be doing with VCE as it comes in. We do expect it to close just before the end of this year and that point in time we'll move into mode, which I just talked about.
Joe Tucci: I assure you this was done with very close cooperation with Cisco. I think you'll all agree that anytime you do a joint venture they always, they never just kind of sit there and percolate forever, they need to morph and change and this is one of those morphings. VCE was created and John Chambers says it well how you -- it's how you -- not only the active lead in a industry transition and to find the company and you could see VCE was right there on top of that and kind of led the entire industry. And again this is morphing and we're going to -- I think this has actually improved our relationship with Cisco and they're still committed and obviously an owner and I just think it's going to work better for both companies and then we think it's going to continue to be a major growth driver for EMC.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Next question, please.
Operator: Next question is Nehal Chokshi of Technology Insights Research.
Nehal Chokshi - Maxim Group: Thank you. I'm actually with the Maxim Group now. Can you talk about how you expect each of your major service product lines to perform in the fourth quarter? I'm especially interested in understanding expectations for midrange and backup and recovery services given that we're now looking at a relatively tougher comp for the December quarter and vice versa for high end given its just refreshed product line?
Joe Tucci: I believe your question was to do with the fourth quarter. I just want to clarify before answer it?
Nehal Chokshi - Maxim Group: Correct, correct.
Joe Tucci: Thank you. Well I mean obviously we're not going to get into all the puts and takes in the fourth quarter going forward. We don't guide to that level but I can give you some direction obviously. We would expect the -- on the high-end the product cycle as we start to ramp up through VMAX-3 to help us so as I said I expect in aggregate the second half of the year to be better than the first half of the year from a VMAX point of view. We see continued steady progress in our unified backup recovery platforms and we expect to see continued growth in the emerging markets. Obviously some of those are tougher compares but there again a year ago we didn't have XtremIO apart from it in a very minor way. So I think that you're going to see the portfolio kind of shape up broadly similarly in the fourth quarter than you saw in the third.
Nehal Chokshi - Maxim Group: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Brian Alexander of Raymond James.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: Okay, thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to go back to the VCE and I want to just ask what gives you the confidence that Cisco will remain committed to the partnership and why shouldn't investors be concerned about customer retention here as may be customers sense the relationship between Cisco and EMC is fraying? And especially as it sounds like you're considering forming partnerships with more of their competitors, at least that's what I read into your expanding relationship comments, David. And I guess related to that, who ultimately controls the customer relationship in most of these VCE deals? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: This is Joe; I'll start and give it to David. In the VCE deals, VCE has a considerable sales force there and they're on top of this. It gives you confidence is common sense. This is a $2 billion business which is very meaningful for both Cisco and EMC. Customers are applauding us and there is a lot of rumors floating around this past quarter when VCE grow over 50%. So it's complementum, we've got customer acceptance. With this many -- with over 1000 customers over 2000 Vblocks -- both cultures of EMC and Cisco are going to be we're going to support the hell out of our customers and we're going to try to continue to drive as much revenue to get as we could and that's exactly how we need to -- when I get together with John that's how we talk. And I believe we Cisco is our -- one of our top -- top partners and will remain one of our top partners. And obviously in this there's co-opetition is alive and well and they do think -- sell their UCS servers and access switches with other competitors of ours. We are like some of that but we both understand how to kind of co-opitate so to speak if that's the word.
David Goulden: And Brian, just to pick up on that, obviously VCE is and will continue to be one of Cisco's biggest partners in terms of chunk of that $2 billion is obviously going to them across their server and networking line. Cisco remains an investor in VCE. We have multi-year engineering, resell, and support agreements, between the companies. So customers can be assured of continuity. VCE comes in for EMC intact as an organization with its omission it's an operating chart, it's an old structure, we're not going to break something that's working very nicely. So bear in mind that VCE as Joe said, does have a sale force, does have a service force, and that will remain in side of EMC as a specialty group. It has its own engineering team as well as all remains inside of EMC as a specialty team focused upon converge infrastructure. So initially I think the customers will see very little change in fact for the foreseeable future. Existing customers will see nothing change as a strong commitment to continue to have Vblocks. Vblocks will continue to be exclusively technology from Cisco, EMC and VMware.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James: Okay. Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Andy Nowinski of Piper Jaffray.
Andy Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Hey, good morning. I'd just like to go back to your comments about 20% of applications moving to XtremIO. Is that enough to cause customers that were previously buying multiple VMAXes to only buy one VMAX system now and could there be similar impacts to VMAX from customers that may be moving some data to a public cloud provider such as Amazon to only buy one VMAX system? Thanks.
David Goulden: And let me clarify the same because I think you may be misunderstood. I didn't say that 20% of VMAX application moving to XtremIO from it. I said of the XtremIO systems which are being shipped, 20% to those which are being shipped are being shipped into environments where people are moving applications from a VMAX or VNX. It's a very, very different statement. I'm glad you asked it because I don't want that to be misunderstood. There is no way near 20% of applications moving off now there are clearly some very performance hungry applications sitting on top of enterprise class storage systems that can do better from an all flash storage array but today is nowhere near 20 points. So the answer to that is it is most unlikely that customers are going to buy a less VMAX in total because they are buying to Xtrem. I don't know what customers are doing. They're do much more tearing where they go into existing environments and taking those real always on performance hungry applications and moving them on to the XtremIO tier and then keeping all of their mixed workload applications that benefit from the benefits of flash and disk together on their VMAX systems. But again to clarify its 20% of the XtremIO systems that we are shipping are going into environments where they are taking applications off of VMAX or VNX and 80% of the new XtremIO systems are going into net new application environments or competitive environments.
Andy Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: David, Joe highlighted disruptive investments that are costing high teens EPS in 2014. Does that headwind grow or decline in 2015 and are there cost efficiencies you can drive in the legacy products to fund these and other investments going forward?
David Goulden: Katy yes, I mean we wanting to clarify that the investments we have there are in the high teens this year. And bear in mind, we have already being self-funding a whole lot of those. So we've been able to create this into like high teen spending envelope while still growing our EPS in line with revenue by redirecting a whole lot of investments from more traditional areas into these new areas. So we're still being growing our EPS while making these strong investments. As going forward incrementally as these one-off and kind of gets to approaching $1 billion range then they start to go less from the negative column in towards the positive column obviously the one that's closest to doing that right now, all the things we've talked about is XtremIO. But obviously a lot of these are going to continue well into 2015. So for example, DSSD, we haven't even have that for the full year of this year. We are going to have it for the full year of next year; we're going to continue to grow it going forward. So there's going to be certainly a healthy investment appetite across these six areas going forward certainly into 2015 and some cases quite well beyond before we start to contribute.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Katy. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Next question is Ben Reitzes of Barclays.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays: Hey, thanks. Obviously, a lot of things have been asked, but I just wanted to clarify, Joe, that you're going to give a comment in February or it sounds like early next year with regard to your strategy. Does that imply that you're doing a strategic review now and would you be willing to say now what that strategy implies for your VMware ownership though just to take any uncertainty off the table? And I'm sure you love this question, but obviously that's what everybody's thinking. So thanks.
Joe Tucci: I'm going to stay with basically the statements I have made I think they expect me to do that but it was a good try. Again, we understand the balance. I mean we just got the question on those six areas of investment, which I highlighted there is others that I highlighted those six. Obviously if we didn't do them, we took the $6 billion that used off the balance sheet and we took the EPS hit of high-teens and investment that all into buybacks, our stock would be probably be higher today. But when you see a secular ship like we're seeing, and I understand the need to show return and we talked about next year enhancing, basically make sure we're aggressively consistent with the needs of maintaining our strategic and financial flexibility. So we are thinking about that aspect heavily. But on to itself buybacks, spinoffs, things like that are not the strategy. They are basically a tactic and tactics are I'm not taking anything away from tactics but you need to build a strategy and we've invested in the strategy and we have some great assets that we're leading and these are going to payoff big time. But the question is how do we do that and also get better return for our shareholders because believe me it's painful to see to look at our kind of progression of revenue growth, EPS growth, free cash flow growth, and see this stock flat for three years, we are underperformed in the market it's painful because I know we're placed in the right bets. So we will put that all in context for you and we will be at early in next year.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. We are out of time for questions. Thanks. We will have a few concluding comments from Joe.
Joe Tucci: I want to thank everybody for being with us today. And I just want to kind of talking about this little bit at the end. I truly believe we have great technology and great asset that play well in both the second and third platform IT worlds. Our strategic relevance with our customers that are all time high. They have given us provision to play and win in their IT consistence more so than ever. We have solid momentum. Our 65,000 plus people deeply believe in our future and our mission and I'm blessed with a stellar leadership team that I know can take EMC family and companies to the next level. So thank you very much for being with you and we look very forward to that meeting with you in person in early in next year. So thanks again and we will be in touch with you through the quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - Vice President, Global Investor Relations Joe Tucci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Goulden - Chief Executive Officer, EMC Information Infrastructure and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Brian Marshall - ISI Group Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research LLC Andy Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host for today, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC. You may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2014. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci, and David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure CEO and EMC CFO. Joe will begin our discussion with his view of the trends happening in IT, EMC’s vision and strategy and how the EMC federation is managing the transition to the third platform. David will then make a few comments on our results and provide a bit more detail regarding the operation and success of the EMC family of companies. He will also discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2014. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. We are providing you with our projected financial model for 2014. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discreet financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today’s slides available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation, unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today’s press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it’s now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thank you, Tony and a warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Overall, we are pleased with our execution and results in Q2 as our year-on-year revenue growth accelerated to 5%. Across our three major businesses, VMware grew 17% year-on-year, Pivotal grew 29%, which actually understates their growth as Pivotal has moved to mostly a subscription software model. So, looking at them on a bookies demand basis, the year-on-year growth rate was closer to 60% and EMC II grew 1%. EMC II was truly a tale of two cities in Q2. Excluding their high-end storage business which declined 14%, their growth was up 7%. And the really good news within EMC II is that our all new high-end VMAX 3 was launched on July 8 and it will begin shipping in September. This launch is very important to us, as without a doubt, the pause ahead of this product was hurting us. I would like to publicly thank my 65,000 plus colleagues from EMC, VMware and Pivotal and our value partners around the world for their professionalism and hard work and for their total dedication to our customers’ success. Now, let’s change gears a bit and discuss the major transformation that the global IT industry/market is going through. And to be clear, as we have said before, this IT transformation is a secular, not cyclical shift and thus business as unusual is not and will not be a viable strategic option. The clear drivers of this secular shift from the client server PC era of IT to an era defined by always connected mobile client devices, private and public cloud computing, Big Data with true predictive analytic capabilities and new ways to interact via social networking. Collectively, this new era is being called the third great IT platform. This shift to third platform IT is creating a real dilemma for CIOs. Namely that today, virtually all companies or enterprises run the vast majority of their businesses or governmental services on second IT platform technologies. At the same time, CIOs are facing huge pressure from all parts of the business, from marketing, from sales, from R&D, from services, to invest large sums of money to capitalize on these Big Data, mobile and cloud trends to connect with their customers, their supply chains and their employees and partners in a more agile, highly personalized real-time way with a lot more information and knowledge. So the CIO with a tight IT budget is trying very hard to take as much cost as possible out of his or her platform two budget to invest in game changing platform three opportunities while keeping the precious information assets and identities secure. This is where we, the EMC family of companies play. We help CIOs optimize their second platform investments and leverage these investments as we support them in their journey to the third platform. We do this with technologies like inverged infrastructure, our broad family of software and hardware storage products, virtualization software, the software defined datacenter delivered through hybrid, private and public cloud models, with advanced automation software, with consulting implementation support and managed services and with modern HDFS based Big Data analytics featuring innovative industry leading query capabilities. And in the information security world, we help verify and protect identities, detect anomalies in real-time, while assuring proper governance and compliance of security policies. The EMC federated model delivers these compelling technologies and services in a tightly integrated fashion, while also offering our customers the ability to choose individual technology components for many of our companies or business units. Giving customers this choice is and will be a hallmark of our success in the third platform era. We are able to leverage our different offerings as points of entry into the conversations with our customers and see a critical advantage in being able to do so with a broad family of products and services. Our innovative operating model is designed to reinforce the principles I just articulated. For example, our businesses are strategically aligned but laser focused on their individual missions. We selectively align around key partnerships and go to market opportunities to realize the benefits of scale. We are better able to recruit and retain the best and the brightest people and focus them on the most important opportunities. The power of this model is reflected in customer survey after customer survey which highlights the facts that our strategic relevance has never been greater and is in fact rising. Interestingly, customers tell us that by offering real choice, they don’t feel locked in and they are more prone to buy our integrated technology solutions. And very, very importantly, as part of our operating model and strategy, we have made a string of innovative game changing investments that will help customers immensely in their journey from the second to the third platform. These are investments which will give us, real sustainable competitive advantage. Since the beginning of 2012, we have invested almost $6 billion in acquisitions and internal developments in six key strategic product/business areas. We acquired Nicira, the leader in software defined networking, now an integral part of VMware’s NSX, SDN offering. We acquired AirWatch, the leader in mobile device and security management, an integral part of VMware’s end user computing initiative. We formed Pivotal to focus on an open PaaS layer called Cloud Foundry. HDFS based Big Data solution and a new paradigm for rapid agile application development. We developed from scratch a new innovative software defined storage offering in EMC II named ViPR and introduced a new solution aimed at cloud scale object and HDFS storage, called Elastic Cloud Storage or ECS. We acquired XtremIO and ScaleIO for very high performance scale out flash and block storage. And we acquired DSSD and pre-introduced a new rack scale flash storage architecture to the market. These six bold investments have three things in common. First, they will all show up as a loss on our P&L this year. Second, I am 100% convinced that they all will be high margin, $1 billion plus businesses or product lines for us over the next few years. And third, they all have game changing capabilities. We are confident that we will deliver in 2014 and beyond supported by the fact that we achieved the revenue and EPS targets that we set for ourselves in the first half of this year, while building significant backlog by the fact that our new third platform offerings are showing substantial double-digit growth and by the fact that we are entering the second half with great momentum, a strong technology roadmap and a new VMAX 3 high end storage platform will be generally available. Since the beginning of this year, David and I have personally met with over 100 investors and what we heard has resonated with us. You said we understand and like EMC’s strategy and strategic position. You said we believe there is a strong leadership team across the EMC companies and they have demonstrated an ability to execute. You said EMC knows how to acquire companies and retain talent. You noted that our growth rate has slowed, but EMC has been growing faster than its large cap tech peers and our new platform three offerings are growing rapidly and that EMC has made a large number of strategic investments which are expected to pay off in the intermediate future. And lastly, our investors made it clear that they believe we should return more cash to them as we execute our long-term strategy. We listened closely. As a sign of our confidence in 2014 and beyond, we are accelerating $1 billion of our buyback from 2015 into 2014. In other words, on top of the $1 billion of stock we already bought back in the first half of 2014, we will buy back an additional $2 billion in the second half of this year. Together with our dividend, we expect to return almost $4 billion of cash to our shareholders this year. Let me close by addressing this week’s media attention on EMC. We have not heard from Elliott Management other than our call to us staying that they are, or intend to be one of EMC’s larger investors. They also requested a meeting with me and I agreed to meet with them as I periodically do with all of our large investors. For the record and I deeply believe in this principle, we, and we as management and our Board of Directors, are always open and welcome a dialogue with all of our shareholders and we respectfully listen to their ideas and beliefs as we form our strategic direction and policies. Thank you again for being with us. And now let me turn it over to David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Joe. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I’m pleased to report EMC performance in Q2 that was solid and on track with good performance from each of our major business units. I would like to echo Joe’s comments and thank all the members of the consolidated EMC team for their ongoing efforts. These results attest that while the shift to the third platform is transforming the industry. One thing that’s not changed is EMC’s unique competitive advantage, helping customers manage their most value asset information in more agile trusted and cost efficient ways. This core strength is even more relevant with the rise of the third platform and by leveraging the capabilities and critical mass that we have built through the EMC federation of best of breed companies. We fully expect the success we’ve achieved in the second platform will be even greater in the third. In spite of continued lackluster spending on IT and on storage, EMC grew consolidated revenue 5% year-on-year, on strength from across the business, with pivotal up 29% and almost twice that growth rate in orders, VMware up 17%, and EMC information infrastructure up 1%. Excluding our high end which is in transition, EMC II was up a robust 7%. Revenue reached a second quarter record of $5.9 billion, non-GAAP EPS was $0.43 and free cash flow grew 10%. Within our major geographies, revenue grew 3% in North America, 12% in EMEA, 14% in Latin America, and was down 4% in APJ. Our BRIC plus 13 markets grew 5%. Finally, as a result of the change in our approach to quarter end processes, the level of unfulfilled storage product orders grew in the quarter and ended the quarter where we expected them to be. Looking at the line items driving our earnings growth, consolidated gross margin in Q2 was 63.8%, up 100 basis points sequentially and down 50 basis points compared to Q2 of last year. Within this result, VMware was up sequentially and down year-on-year reflecting some of their growth initiatives. EMC II gross margin was up 120 basis points sequentially and down year-on-year, primarily due to volume and some pricing pressures at the high end in anticipation of the new VMAX. We continue to be on track for flat gross margins for this year in EMC II. Pivotal gross margins also expanded from Q1, while the year-on-year compare was down as a result of the Pivotal revenue model shifts to subscriptions, which results in a higher in quarter mix of professional services revenue compared with Q2 a year ago. As in Q1, the increasing mix of VMware was helpful to the overall gross margin results. Operating expenses grew 8% reflecting major investments we’re making at Pivotal and VMware. And while we continue to make significant investments in EMC II, operating expenses there were flat. This increase in OpEx in Q2 of last year amounted to $0.06 per share. The retirement of our convertible debt and our accelerated buyback program contributed $0.02. As a result, non-GAAP earnings per share in Q2, was $0.43. We generated $930 million of free cash flow in Q2, up 10% year on year. Our cash and investments at quarter end were $14.6 billion, $3.7 billion of which is EMC II U.S. We repurchased approximately $600 million worth of EMC shares in Q2, and returned about $200 million to shareholders via our quarterly dividends. As previously announced, our corporate dividend will increase by 15% starting this month. As Joe said, we are very pleased to announce today that we are accelerating our share buyback plan for 2014, from $2 billion to $3 billion, pulling the balance of our $6 billion authorization into 2014. This accelerated buyback combined with our dividend returns over $7 billion of cash to shareholders over the course of 2013, and 2014, and we’ve added a penny to our full year EPS expectations to reflect the additional buyback. We are confident in EMC’s ability to leverage the power of the federation model for the long-term benefits of customers, partners and our shareholders. We believe this quarter’s performance shows our strategy is sound and is bearing fruit and we are confident about the rest of the year. As a result, we feel accelerating the buyback program is a good investment decision for our shareholders. Let me share with you some early signs of success we’ve seen so far this year in bringing the value of our unique business model to some large global customers in three very different industries. Note that all three customers in these examples are investing not only in EMC’s third platform products and services but in our well established second platform technologies as well. This is because most enterprise workloads today run on second platform technology. However, fully leveraging this data within an eye to the future requires a technology partner that can bridge the second to third platform, where almost all the new apps developed over the next several years will be deployed. EMC through the federation as these examples illustrate is a highly valued partner in both. The first is a major European telecom that’s using active network monitoring and analytics to make real-time adjustments to coverage and quality. To do this well, the carrier needs to model network traffic and low levels in multiple regions for the thousands of customers in each region adjusting quickly to changing needs while anticipating new requirements. With a combined solution from each of the members of the EMC family, including virtualized infrastructure from EMC II and VMware, and application development and data analytics tools from Pivotal, this customer can achieve higher service levels and deliver a better mobile experience. Another is a global industrial based in Germany that’s collecting massive amounts of data from customer-owned equipment through sensors and meters. Their goal is to drive insight from these data to create new revenue streams from value added services like preventative and predictive maintenance, performance benchmarking and equipment optimization. The combined EMC solution, which includes Vblocks, Pivotal HD and HAWQ which is Hadoop with query, will be deployed via the global cloud of one of EMC’s largest service provider partners. The last example I will share with you is a global pharmaceutical company. This customer wants to offer infrastructure on demand to its business units. After piloting a range of offerings including large commodity public cloud services, the customer chose the EMC federation to deliver its new public cloud capability for flexibility and compatibility with its existing EMC VMware Vblock based private cloud. The result, which includes VMware vCloud hybrid service, VMware orchestration tools and Pivotal will be a fast and flexible hybrid cloud, leveraging common tools and delivering application of workload mobility and cost optimization. These are large global customers who really value what our Federated business model is able to deliver for them. And we are only in the very early stages here. With 95% of the fortune 200, EMC customers, we are well positioned to repeat this quarter after quarter. In addition to our install base we are also starting to see net new customers, companies who are choosing EMC for the first time, or investing with us more heavily because of our expanded capabilities through the federation. As powerful as the federation can be together, one of its most attractive aspects to customers is that it provides them a choice. Each business is a best of breed provider in its respective layer in the technology stack. So, let’s go through each of these businesses now before wrapping up with our outlook for the year. Starting with Pivotal at the top of the stack, Pivotal grew revenue 29% over last year’s Q2, while demand grew at almost twice this rate. Pivotal Labs saw agile development services business continues to perform well. Pivotal Labs has been a healthy source of customers that decide also to leverage Pivotal software, where subscriptions more than tripled from last year’s Q2. Overall, we believe Pivotal is on track as it builds its product portfolio and expands its footprint with leading customers across every major sector and transitions this business to a more stable and valuable subscription-based approach. To that end, Pivotal saw strong growth in both Pivotal CF, our commercial version of cloud foundry and our new and revolutionary Big Data suites, where we simplified packaging and pricing around a per call licensing model. This means customers only pay for what they analyze regardless how much data is stored. In Q2, we had several large enterprise customers embrace our subscription offerings. A long-term driver of success for Pivotal is the proliferation of cloud foundry as a standard for development. Attendance at the second cloud foundry summit in June more than doubled from six months ago to almost 1,000 attendees, as momentum for cloud foundry continues to build. The list of committed foundation members has grown to 35, with Swisscom, Rackspace, Ericsson, CenturyLink, Capgemini, and BNY Mellon, among those joining recently. Pivotal CF continues to be leading version of cloud foundry, with an increase in enterprise customers, including a global media and technology provider, multinational agricultural company, an international provider of healthcare equipments and a property and financial information services company. The broad level of support and contributions from companies large and small speaks to the growing influence of cloud foundry as the industries open source paths providing choice of clouds, frameworks and application services. Turning now to VMware, in the middle of the stack, which continues to leverage its virtualization technologies to propel its three strategic initiatives: software defined datacenter, hybrid cloud, and mobile. A key indicator of traction in software defined data center is the success of NSX and the paying customer account for NSX is over 150 representing all geos and verticals. Another is the growth of the non-standalone vSphere bookings and these were up as well accounting for more than half of VMware’s total license bookings in the quarter compared with over 35% in Q2 last year. Our hybrid cloud business, which includes our vCloud service provider partner program and vCHS grew nearly 80% year-on-year. And the end user computing, including AirWatch, new license bookings grew over 60% year-on-year, while our end user computing desktop business grew at double-digits. Now, turning to the foundational layer of the stack, EMC’s Information Infrastructure business and starting with the largest part, storage. Overall, storage revenue was up 1%, compared to last year’s Q2. It is also interesting to note that excluding the high end, which is in a product transition, storage revenue grew 7%, which is faster than the industry overall and a good indicator that we gained share in Q2 in these markets. We continue to see customers prioritize third platform technologies with their tight budget dollars and minimize spend on existing infrastructures. This dynamic was evidenced in our own results as we saw continued excellent growth from our emerging storage business, which grew 52% compared to Q2 a year ago. Emerging storage includes several of the technologies that are in high demand in the shift to third platform, including all flash arrays and software defined storage, supporting both Big Data analytics and cloud workloads. XtremIO, our purpose built all flash array is exceeding our expectations with demand ramping steeply in Q2 and momentum continuing into this quarter. XtremIO surpassed a $300 million annualized run rate for demand in Q2 and only the second full quarter of availability, establishing itself as the clear leader in the all flash array markets. All XtremIO metrics were up. New customer wins, including new to EMC accounts, sales of multi-controller scale-out configurations, sales of our large 20 terabyte, repeat customers and customers purchasing more than $1 million of XtremIO. XtremIO saw a significant uptake in new used cases, with databases in virtual services augmenting on already robust business in VDI. With the recently announced enhancements to XtremIO, including compression, encryption, writable snapshots, performance improvements and expansion configuration options, we expect our momentum with XtremIO to continue. Software defined storage is a strategic growth area for us. The investments we made at VMware with VSAN on an EMC II with ViPR and ScaleIO are beginning to bear fruit. VSAN exceeded its plan in its first quarter of availability. Our software defined storage platform ViPR also exceeded its plan and more than doubled its customer count in Q2 from Q1. At EMC World in May, we announced ViPR 2.0, which included the addition of ViPR block services via ScaleIO and new geo capabilities for ViPR objects and ViPR HDFS. Our new Elastic Cloud Storage appliance which is powered by ViPR got off to a great start, shipping multiple terabytes of capacity in the quarter despite the fact that it started shipping with just a few days left in June. Built with commodity components and optimize to scale and density, ECS is cloud storage infrastructure for objects, HDFS and block workloads that customers would rather not run on a public cloud. ECS offers public cloud features such as multi-tenancy, metering and a self-service portal and billing integration to make it easy for customers to deliver storage as a service within their own environments and do it more cost effectively than in the public cloud. We were proud to announce that the Vatican was the first ECS customer. Big Data has driven the developments of technologies like ViPR HDFS and ECS and it continues to power the success of Isilon. As customers direct attached storage environments begin to approach 100 terabytes, it makes sense from a TCO and management standpoint to use Isilon instead, especially for Hadoop. Isilon offers native HDFS access to NAS files which means terabytes of data can be analyzed in place without any data movements. We just made Isilon even better with its NextGen systems which are on order of magnitude more scalable than other approaches for data consolidation on to a single file system. Moreover, the deployments of Isilon is easier with new Vblock systems with Isilon for scale-out VDI and for Hadoop analytics. And with the new data like Hadoop bundle with Pivotal. These new form factors augment Isilon’s already strong growth and scale-out NAS and make it a natural fit for Federation data like plays with Pivotal of which there were several in Q2. In the world of HDFS, we do not see one size fitting all. Both Isilon and ViPR provide best of breed HDFS capabilities, but their design points are very different. We see Isilon being deployed primarily in datacenter scale use cases, while ViPR is targeted at cloud scale, globally distributed deployments. Our unified and backup recovery revenue grew 6% in Q2, with growth coming from both areas, and EMC clearly taking share in both. VNX continues to benefit from the launch of VNX2 and the transition here is essentially complete. VNX is also benefiting from its place in converged infrastructure both at VCE and in our VSPEX program. Our backup recovery portfolio continues to do well as Data Domain had another strong quarter, and our data protection suites showed very strong double-digit growth both sequentially and year-on-year. Our high end business improved from Q1, but was once again hampered by a tough prior compare and customer pause related to its pending refresh. The good news here is that the new VMAX-3 has been announced and with a GA date late this quarter, we expect the new VMAX will ramp more meaningfully in Q4. VMAX-3 is a complete new family with a new Dynamic Virtual Matrix architecture and new Hypermax operating system enabling the running of infrastructure applications directly inside of VMAX for the first time, protect points and ability to drive backup copies directly from a storage array, eliminating the need for dedicated backup service. Three times the performance of the previous generation of VMAX and industry leading density versus our competition. All together, these give VMAX powerful new capabilities to drive consolidation and cost efficiencies in the datacenter and change the TCO conversation we can have with customers. The breadth and the depth of our best of breed storage portfolio has a number of benefits. It allows us to cover all the bases with customers. We can innovate and integrate across platforms for unique architectural costs and TCO advantages. And we are able to deliver more consistent results due to the benefits of the portfolio diversification. We continue to outperform the storage market because of our relentless focus on getting customers to hybrid cloud, which began five years ago. Since then, we’ve evolved our product portfolio to operate effectively in hybrid cloud environments. The latest example being the public cloud gateway technology we are embedding from TwinStrata and we’ve steadily developed and acquired next generation technology such as ViPR, Elastic Cloud Storage and DSSD’s innovative new rack scale flash storage architecture we expect to launch next year. While having the best technology is critical, equally important to success in hybrid cloud is the go-to-market model for these technologies and our strong partner ecosystem is a key factor in our ongoing success. Converged infrastructure delivered through VCE and through our VSPEX program has been a very popular consumption model for VMAX and VNX. The demand for Vblocks grew a well over 50% again in Q2, and demand for VSPEX grew at just under 50% year-on-year. Our service provider partner program has been our fastest growing vertical since we started the program in 2011 and its rapid growth continues with demand up over 50% year-on-year in first half. Other partnerships are important as well. Just last week, we announced the collaboration of EMC, Microsoft and Equinix, which gives EMC customers the ability to host EMC storage solutions in Equinix datacenters and connect to Microsoft as safely, reliably, and securely. And long time partner, Capgemini attests the power of the full EMC family in winning a key multi-year transformational project with European clients to build a truly scalable and flexible IT infrastructure. Patrick Nicolet, Capgemini’s CEO of infrastructure services says that this is one of their first wins using the power of the federation. EMC for storage transformation based upon pre-configure building blocks, VMware for the multi-sourcing service integration with IT business managements and the cloud journey with vCloud automation from VMware. Finally, as we continue to win deals spanning all of the operating units, it’s increasingly important, we own these solutions and make them more repeatable to both sell and implement in our customer’s environments. Through a recently established federation lab at VMware, we’ve proven a number of solutions leveraging EMC, plus VMware plus Pivotal technologies, we call them EVP solutions internally. We are building solutions in key areas including software defined data center, data legs, security analytics, VDI and platform as a service. The first of these solutions, software defined data center is now complete and the EMC sales team is rolling it out globally. EMC consulting is now a valuable asset here and was instrumental in some of the federation win examples I mentioned earlier. Turning now to security and content management, RSA is an important part of the federation play as security is a priority as organizations build out hybrid clouds. RSA grew 6% over Q2 of last year. Security analytics in Archer continue to drive growth here with each up over 20% year-on-year in Q2. Our information intelligence group revenue returned to growth in Q2, up 4% from last year. EMC II demonstrated solid financial performance in Q2 and we also hosted a very successful EMC world in May, a mega launch earlier this month. I would like to thank the entire team who worked hard to make all this happen, as always, our partners and customers for your continued support. As we look to the second half, we still expect IT spend growth and storage industry growth to be broadly similar to what they were in 2013. However, our strategy is paying off and we believe we will continue to grow and gain share in this tough environment and achieve our targets of revenue of $24.6 billion, up 6% year-on-year, non-GAAP operating margins between 24% and 24.5%, non-GAAP EPS of $1.91, up 6% year-on-year, and free cash flow of $5.8 billion. Achieving these full year results requires second half growth similar to the first half for VMware, and an acceleration of growth in the second half for EMC II. This acceleration is due to the changes we made to our quarter end process in the first half, which will result in less buildup of unshipped orders in the second half. Additionally, we expect to benefit from a stronger Q3 in federal than last year and some improvement in Symmetrix in the second half driven by the new VMAX3. Importantly, EMC continues to outperform the markets and we’re very well-positioned to benefit from any upside should the IT spending environment pickup. EMC is at the threshold of expansive opportunity, and we are very confident we are on the right track with our unique and powerful business model. We are facing an opportunity right now that comes along only once every two or three decades and the investments we are making in leading edge technologies today will determine our success over the long run. Our market leadership, healthy partner ecosystem, go-to-market strength, cutting-edge technologies and the winning team of three talent-rich organizations all support a strategy that deeply resonates with customers. Our ability to continually gain profitable share as we did this quarter is directly tied to the soundness of our strategy, the flexibility of our business model, the growing synergies across our businesses and the ability of our team to execute. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tony to moderate Q&A. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try to limit yourselves to one question, including clarifications. We thank you all for our cooperation in this matter. Rebecca, can we have the first question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Aaron Rakers (Stifel Nicolaus). Aaron your line is open.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Thank you for taking the question. So just looking at the guidance, David, I can understand the variables on the revenue side but one of the comment that you had made was that after – it seems to imply after six quarters of year-over-year declines in EMC II gross margin that you are assuming a fairly healthy uptick and even year-over-year increase in gross margin possibly into the 58% range into the second half of the calendar year again just speaking to EMC II. Can you just talk a little bit about the drivers of that? How do I parse through be it product mix relative to the change in unfilled orders and what that impact is through the second half of the year? Thank you.
David Goulden: Aaron, sure. Thanks for the quarter. So, I’m glad you understand the revenue explanation. I won’t go through that again unless we get a second question on it. Relative to gross margins, yes, we do expect them to increase in the second half of the year over last year and we believe that we are on track to still have relatively flat gross margins ii for the full year. The biggest driver of that is actually volume. The increase in volume of the second half is driven by the factors we talked about, including the change in business practices which push a percentage more of the full year into the second half. And it’s actually a pretty big driver. Also, we’re expecting a little improvement in the high end business with the new Symmetrix, which we saw some pricing pressure in Q2. A lot of people knew that it was coming along and obviously to entice customers to continue to invest in the second quarter, it cost us a couple of margin points on the high end, and now we have the new high end product out there. We feel we are in a better position to be able to compete with both platforms in the market at the same time, but the biggest single driver will in fact be the increase in volume because the increase in volume has a big impact on the fixed costs and that’s what drives the increased margins we expect in the second half.
Tony Takazawa:  Thanks, Aaron. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha (Credit Suisse). Your line is open.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Question for I guess Joe and for David. You both can addressed this up this front but just on the speculation and the proposals can I ask the question a different way. Suppose EMC and VMware were separate companies. Can you speak about the negative implications or the positive implications that that might have for EMC II? You can answer that any way which way you want. I’m curious as to how you think about the federation and very clearly here why you think it’s the right structure?
Joe Tucci: Well, first, Kulbinder, I want to make it clear, other than speculation that I have read in the press. I have not met with anybody from Elliott, as a matter of fact, in my whole life, I don’t think I ever met with anybody from Elliott. So I really do want to hear what their – what their proposals are and I’m sure they would like to hear some of our plans as we presented to our other shareholders. The point here is I think you can capitalize – you can put this under one heading, if you think of what’s happening in platform three. I mean the whole gain here is how do you support customers in platform two so they feel comfortable and then how do you transition them and how do you make their journey as seamless as possible to platform three. So without a doubt, we have some great assets for platform. David told you how much the new storage products are growing up 52%, the Pivotal bookings, booking basis are up almost 60%. VMware was up 17% and VC was up north of 50%. So we have tremendous assets and I went through those six new streams, which have yet to play in the market, which are going to be massive opportunities for us. So, we have a great collective set. To me, splitting them up, selling one of your most – spinning out one of your most strategic assets, I don’t know another tech company that’s done that and been successful. So again, I am interested to hear ideas. We do have one basic total agreement coming into the meeting is that I think we both agree that EMC is undervalued and the rest of the question is how do we capture that value and make sure shareholders get it.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: I guess, Joe just to be clear, that’s what your argument really is, there is quantifiable real, multiple examples of significant synergy across those two organizations which you can continue sharing with us. That’s the point, right?
Joe Tucci: That's right. We operate under the principle of strategic alignment, right. And then basically where competitors get in is when you leave seams. So, we actually plan – when we play in our strategic alignment, we do plan some overlaps. And then we get some flurry in the field and other places when we do have that overlap of a bit of overlap emissions, sure, but I think that’s healthy. And of course, like in anything, bad news travels multiple times as fast as good news, but the multitude as David went through it, were the – this works fine. The way customers are looking for more cooperation, not less cooperation, our strategic relevance. The opportunities we are getting, the opportunities at bat that we are getting are just fantastic. So, again, we are absolutely going to listen and -- but, again, I am answering your question to the best I can.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Kulbinder. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Marshall (ISI Group). Your line is open.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Great, thanks, guys. As enterprise workloads migrate to the third platform, it seems like yarns specifically Hadoop 2.0 is going to be an interesting sort of data platform that emerges and obviously David talked a little bit about how Isilon plays into that as well as Pivotal, but at the end of the day, can you help us think how this transition will be somewhat cannibalistic to some of the core array business at the company and how you look to offset that? Thank you.
David Goulden: Brian, I think you have to look at these in two distinct buckets. The fundamental architecture of a platform two application that’s built around final block is just different from a platform three architecture that’s built around Hadoop and objects. So you are not seeing a migration of workloads away from platform two to platform three. You are seeing new workloads emerge in platform three. You are not going to run your platform three workloads on your platform two infrastructure or vice-versa. So, think of them as two swim lanes, one of which is platform three, Hadoop, growing a lot faster than platform two. So, they are really additive in terms of the opportunity. Now, we think that Hadoop and HDFS is going to be a killer technology in the third platform. We are focused on it with Isilon. We are focused on it with ViPR, with Elastic Cloud Storage and DSSD. So, we are going to have a lot of assets to pickup that growth as it develops. A lot of those applications are still being developed and some of the existing ones are batch based and a lot of the new ones are going to be in memory and there will be a combination of both. So, there is going to be, if you like, a new set of technologies and architectures built around Hadoop. And one of the key things is how you get the data out of your existing platform two apps into platform three and that’s obviously what we are working on with some of our bridging technologies, but think of them as two very different environments, each of which are going to have different dynamics in terms of their overall growth rate, but it really is additive.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Helpful, thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Brian. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kurtz (Sterne Agee & Leach). Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach: Yes, thanks guys for taking the question. David, can you just get into a little more detail about when you think about synergies in the federation around revenue and how it drives through the model. What are the – the real key indicators for you about execution on that strategy? Is there anything kind of you can share from the model about what you expect how that drives through the model through VMware, Pivotal, EMC, and some of these new Hadoop products? How does that all filter into better margins and higher growth?
David Goulden: Sure. Alex, I can give you a couple of examples. Again, let me try and separate the conversation between platform two and platform three. So, if you look at kind of where the installed base is today predominantly in platform two, if you look at for example, EMC storage in VMware environments, much higher than it is in the rest of the marketplace and of course, VMware is a big driver of overall application workloads in the second platform. So, there are clear examples there. If you go to the third platform, a lot of the examples I have talked about in my script, the kind of three large examples are all platform three wins where the customer really wants the Federation to come closer together to bring complete solutions. If you look at what we are doing around these EVP solutions, things like SDDC, data like platform as a service, VDI, security analytics, those are all third platform apps that kind of leverage the power of the Federation. So we see it showing up in wins. We see it showing up in our install base. And we think the synergies are going to be bigger in the third platform than they were in the second platform.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Alex. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nehal Chokshi (Technology Insights Research LLC). Your line is open.
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Couple of questions around emerging storage, first of all, it’s flat Q-over-Q, the past three years it has been up at least 10% Q-over-Q, can you talk about why it was always flat. And then on the XtremIO compressions coming out, do you expect that to drive elasticity of demand in gigabytes with the significant savings there and how do you expect that to play out. And finally, can you address variable box size operating system, why that’s not needed on XtremIO?
David Goulden: Sorry, I missed the third part of the question, can you just repeat the third part?
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research LLC: Yes. Your primary competitor on XtremIO claims variable block size operating system as a significant advantage, can you discuss why you believe that’s not a disadvantage for the XtremIO operating system?
David Goulden: Okay, sure. Let’s talk about – clearly that’s a three part question. XtremIO compression is a huge additional feature for us. Essentially it broadens the aperture of the use cases enormously. Now, I mentioned that XtremIO has already got to a $300 million demand run rate in the second quarter without having compression. So it is orders of magnitude bigger than anybody else in the marketplace and the expansion of compression now means it can play in general purpose workloads on a broader basis. The variable block size argument is basically crazy. Block sizes don’t really matter particularly to how these systems work, just look at the revenue growth we have been able to achieve and the booking growth we have been able to achieve so far. So what’s different about XtremIO which is key, people try to focus on the wrong issue, what’s different about XtremIO is it’s a fundamentally different architecture. It’s truly scale-out, a lot of our XtremIO customers are actually buying the system in multiple scale-out blocks. It has always on data services which means that you never slow the system down because you have to go back and do things after you have written to flash. The flash lasts longer because of that. So architecturally it’s completely different from other systems and that’s what makes it important and that’s why it’s growing so strongly. As we mentioned that growth rate is going to continue into Q3. And then in terms of being quarter-on-quarter, with any emerging business, you have got some kind of lumpy things going on. So we saw great growth sequentially across all of – most of the lines in there. Some of our larger object oriented systems have lumpy growth based upon individual orders, so that’s why you saw a little bit of flatness quarter-on-quarter, but the underlying growth rate for the sector is still very strong.
Nehal Chokshi - Technology Insights Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Tony Takazawa: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Nowinski (Piper Jaffray). Your line is open.
Andy Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Well. Thanks for the question. So VMware noted that vSAN has more than 300 customers now in its first full quarter and they are adding more functionality to it down the road with VVOLs, so can you give us your thoughts on whether it’s competitive to ViPR in the ScaleIO block services that you have added or any of the other platforms that serve in that sector?
David Goulden: Sure. Andrew, this is David, let me take that. Thank you for the question. So absolutely, let’s talk upon the area where there may be a little bit more confusion out there specifically when it comes to vSAN versus ScaleIO. The ViPR is a much broader software defined storage platform, but ScaleIO and vSAN are two software defined block storage products. But let me explain they are very different. They are from very different design points. One is naturally part of EMC and one is actually naturally part of VMware. Let’s talk about vSAN, vSAN essentially is an extension of vSphere. It lets vSphere manage the storage that it is sitting on top of and it’s great for things like a remote branch office. If you look at the examples that Carl gave yesterday on a couple of ELAs they spoke about, one was for remote branch office application. The other one was for internal storage inside a caching service where the customer wanted to basically have the ability to upgrade those environments very rapidly. So we purpose built for that world. ScaleIO is also a software defined block storage product, but it is designed to be a separate layer that sits outside of VMware. Think of it as the block storage part of ViPR is designed for massive scalability across thousands of servers. It’s also designed to run in a completely heterogeneous environment, physical, bare metal, all forms of hypervisor. So one is basically storage within vSphere, the other is software defined storage that is designed to work as a separate pool of storage outside the server operating environment. We think there is a lot of market potential for both and we are, making sure that we have our sales forces aligned so they can position the products properly. There’s really isn’t much overlap even between ScaleIO and vSAN and there’s almost no overlap at all between what we’re doing with ViPR and vSAN.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks a lot.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Andrew. Next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Bachman (BMO Capital Markets). Your line is open.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. I wanted to ask a question, Joe, of you if I could in terms aggregate demand. As you think about NetApp commented that they thought the demand profile for storage had been increasing and I was wondering if you could characterize that, but particularly drilling down on the fact of workload distributions. In other words, if you look at the aggregate growth rate of storage over the next couple of quarters, when you have products such as XtremIO all-flash storage or Nimble, are you seeing dollars transfer from what you’d characterize as at the high end in your category is SIM or VNX, or more broadly legacy products. Are you seeing the migration of those dollars into emerging categories or indeed these new workloads? If you could just talk a little bit about A, has there been an inflection point, any kind of inflection point change in storage? And then B, how are you thinking about the aggregate growth rate of storage as you think about legacy products versus emerging technologies. Thank you.
David Goulden: Keith, this is David, let me start with that and then hand it over to Joe. So picking a question up from the bottom forward, in terms of XtremIO, obviously we can talk about what we see in the marketplace. We see about 20% of our XtremIO sales going into environments where people are moving applications from high-end or mid-tier storage systems, but bear in mind that moving individual apps they are not replacing a complete storage system, they find one app that really benefits from the always on value proposition of all flash storage arrays and obviously what those storage arrays don’t have is the multi-tiering and all the other things and all the multisite capabilities etcetera of a high end storage system. So about 20% of the situations we find people are moving apps off a SIM or a VNX is about 80% is going into new environments. So if you think of VDI being our biggest use case, for example with XtremIO that’s the net new application area, people are not running VDI systems on the Symmetrix and now they are going to move them off to an XtremIO. They are moving – they are starting off with net new deployments of VDI on XtremIO. By the way, another good area of synergy across the federation, obviously the desktop business inside, the end user business inside of VMware is growing very rapidly and as is all flash array in the same marketplace, so a good example of a synergy. In terms of workload distribution and aggregate demand, we see continued caution out there, as I mentioned in my comments, we see a lot of our customers grappling with the platform two, platform three debate and how much the investment dollars they spend on one versus the other. And as I said before, they are very different environments. So we see that and just a macro IT caution being a bigger factor than anything at the micro level going on with storage other than the continued impact of that upon people just continuing to use more efficiency technologies, extend the life of their installed base factor we talked about for several quarters.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: So no real change in the demand profile that you guys have witnessed?
David Goulden: Nothing more than we’ve – we basically, I think we were fairly consistent with what we said at the start of the year, in terms of we expected IT spending and storage growth reportedly similar to what they were in 2013. That’s the assumption that we set our plans against and we still see that as being the right assumption.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Tucci: It’s Joe. Just to add a little bit of color. As you look at what our position, we have this tremendous broad spectrum of – excuse me, of storage solutions, all the way from what we are doing in converged infrastructure, back into the newer products like XtremIO, ScaleIO, vSAN. So, we can kind of listen – we go to the customer, understand where they are, where they need to go and we have a great selection, and there’s nobody else. There is nobody else in that category. There’s point – we have point competitors, so we have talk about our storage competitors, we have to have a synthetic consolidation of about five different companies to say this is where we compete. So it’s a tremendous strategic advantage we have. And second, I will say something, a lot of these new flash companies are making a lot of noise, but I will make a little bit of noise right now. They got the wrong architecture, because if you are going to play in the future and you don’t have scale out, you are going to lose. And if you look at what we are doing in the future, whether it’s ScaleIO, vSAN or XtremIO, all scale out. If you look at what we are doing with the system we kind of just tipped our hat to a little bit and kind of lifted up the kimono a little bit, and gave you a peek at the SSD, all scale out. So, when I look at the rack scales, when you look at what’s going to happen on the Hadoop market. Obviously, I think you’re going to be looking at on the bottom layer when you are storing this huge persistent data at slightly lower margin percentage. But if you look at margin dollars, it’s way bigger. So, when I look at the future, I’m actually excited about our position, and then if you look at the layers and how we play with Pivotal and how we play with VMware and put that all together, it’s extremely compelling.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Alright, thanks, guys. Good luck
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Keith. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question is from Brian Alexander (Raymond James & Associates). Your line is open.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Thanks. Just a question on the federation. You highlighted some key wins with global accounts that leverage the federation. So maybe go into more detail about how you are motivating that behavior. How maybe you are altering go-to-market strategies, sales structures etcetera to facilitate that. And then related to that, is this something you intend to push harder with your channel or is this more of a direct sales effort at this point? Thanks.
David Goulden: Brian, thank you. Let me start. So as to your last question, yes, with the channel because a lot of our channel partners actually have relationships with all parts of federation. We just announced a new partner program at EMC World this year to make that actually even easier for them to transact with the different parts of the company. So this applies to both. So from a go-to-market point of view, we are doing a couple of things. We are coordinating more closely now across our top global accounts to make sure we have a coordinated sale situation. We are also, as I mentioned, investing in this these EMC VMware Pivotal solutions, which are design points and proof points for how the federation comes together in the third platform. So there are a number of initiatives that we are taking, the channel, the global accounts and the EVP. So we would be just three examples of making sure we can make it more seamless. As I mentioned particularly in the third platform, that’s where we can get a lot of demand from our customers to really come together and offer a stack or a suite which brings the companies together, because obviously, the market there is less mature and people are looking for complete solutions.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Brian.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: We have time for one more question and then a few closing comments from Joe.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ben Reitzes (Barclays Capital). Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Well, good morning. It’s safe to say that the last three guys probably asked what I wanted. But a little more on the VMware front, are you guys, is there – without maybe giving things away, there’s been some reports in the press about you guys getting even closer to VMware as well in your go-to-market strategies and perhaps a hedge to some of the competition that’s emerging out there, with current partners as well as something on the offensive. Is there anything you want to say about that and how could you move closer together and how excited you are or not about joint products that you could put out together, that could give us a better indication of synergy as well?
Joe Tucci: Well, I don’t want to preannounce any products, Ben. But if you look at the marketplace, and you look at, say the big players. Clearly if you look at IBM, they are in security, they are in Big Data and consulting services, cloud services and doing a lot with software and their own SDDC and Cisco very similar and Oracle very similar. So basically, we are going to follow our roadmap and we are going to continue to provide that choice, but together, we are going to make sure we are better than ever strategically align. We will continue, again, and this is where the choice will come in, that each of these – each of the companies will focus on their mission. And then I think David alluded to it and I mentioned it before, we are operationally aligning where it makes sense, and around specific opportunities and David gave you three of them, around some bigger global accounts, around some big partners, around our EVP solutions. And there will be other areas where we operationally align. Some of them will be around actual announcements of products, but I don’t want to go there yet. So, that’s the playbook that we are following. And I think when you look at what our competition and then in some cases and I think co-opitation – companies that can co-opitate are going to be more successful. So, how we basically, I think I made up a word, but companies that understand how to do that I think are going to win, because customers – I am totally convinced that if you don’t give customers some choice, you are not going to be in as good a stead in this transition to platform three and I think that’s where we will shine.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks a lot.
Joe Tucci: Well, first of all, thank you for being with us. And in closing, I want you to all to understand we really believe we have a terrific set of assets and a very strong strategic position. And I could tell you it’s a position that is the envy of many of our IT peers out there. We are laser focused on the platform three opportunity, but as we have said before, we are also focused on supporting our customers in their platform two environments, where most of the applications and most of their businesses run on today. And we see fantastic opportunity and help them transition to this new mobile cloud Big Data era. And this is where the full power of federation will shine. We are balancing, trying hard and we are open to all your suggestions of balancing our investments in the business and our return of cash to shareholders. As David has indicated, across the companies we have a strong product roadmap ahead of us. And most importantly, we have momentum and our people believe in our future. So, thank you for being with us today and we will be talking with you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you all for attending today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Anthony T. Takazawa – Vice President-Global Investor Relations Joseph M. Tucci – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David I. Goulden – Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer-Information Infrastructure
Analysts: Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Andrew J. Nowinski – Piper Jaffray & Co. Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Abhey R. Lamba – Mizuho Securities USA, Inc. Ben A. Reitzes – Barclays Capital, Inc. Toni M. Sacconaghi – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Aaron C. Rakers – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co. Daniel H. Ives – FBR Capital Markets & Co. Louis R. Miscioscia – CLSA Americas LLC Maynard J. Um – Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Q1 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I’d like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2014. Today we are joined by EMC’s Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci and David Goulden, EMC Information Infrastructure CEO and EMC’s CFO. Joe will begin our discussion with his views of the trends happening in IT, EMC’s vision and strategy and how the EMC Federation is managing the transition to the Third Platform. David will then make a few comments on our results and provide a bit more detail on how our various businesses and products are positioning EMC for success in the Third Platform. He will also discuss our outlook for the year 2014. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I want you all to be aware that we are providing you with new schedules for pivotal. We have reclassified non-core revenues out of pivotal and into the EMC Information Infrastructure business. These non-core revenues include the Data Computing Appliance and various pivotal implementation services that make more sense within EMC II. Importantly, this change will give you a better view of the strategic growth within pivotal. These new schedules will include five quarters of reclassified data so that you can have good view of trends here. We have included this information in our press release scheduled and in the Appendix of today’s slide presentation. We’re providing you with our projected financial model for 2014. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today’s slides available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today’s press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that it's now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Thank you Tony. I would also like to welcome everyone to today’s call. As always, thank you for your interest in EMC.
 : Additionally and very importantly, as we navigate through this transition, we and the rest of the industry are facing a global market which is exhibiting an air of caution in spending resulting from an array of economic and political uncertainties around the world. Collectively, these two factors are creating an environment that is not for the same apart. Against this backdrop, we said EMC’s consolidated revenues and non-GAAP EPS would both grow by 6% this year, including the impact of AirWatch. As part of this 2014 guidance, we said in our Q4 call that for Q1 we expected out top line revenue to be $5.4 billion and produce a non-GAAP EPS of $0.34. Importantly, we also said on our call that we would strive to build storage backlog, in other words our plan call for growing storage bookings considerably faster than storage revenue in Q1. As you have undoubtedly noticed by now, we exceeded our Q1 revenue forecast by over $80 million and beat our EPS plan by $0.01. And as David will cover shortly, while our storage revenue was down 3%, our storage product bookings that exhibit positive growth year-over-year and thus we did grow backlog. Given that we slightly deal our forecasts for Q1, given that our federation modeling strategies are resonating very well with customers. And given that our Q2 second half product cycles will be quite exciting and robust. I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm our 2014 guidance of $24.6 billion in revenue, $1.90 per share of non-GAAP EPS and $5.8 billion of free cash flow. Again, this updated guidance now includes the impact of VMware’s AirWatch acquisition which closed in Q1. And as part of our confidence in 2014 and to honor our pledge to return more cash to our valued shareholders, VMC Board has unanimously voted to raise our quarterly dividend by 15% starting on its first anniversary this July. This would make our annual dividend $0.46 per share. Speaking of confidence, as I eluded to earlier, what really gives us confidence on our future is our strategy, our federation model and by far the most important factor, our people. So before I turn to our strategy, I would like to thank my 64,000 plus colleagues across the EMC family, the talented innovative people of Pivotal, VMware and EMC Information Infrastructure for their hard work and dedication to our customers. Our strategy is squarely and clearly aimed at helping customers’ transition to the third platform of IT and to help them transform into a more agile software-defined enterprise. And while our customers are undergoing this IT and business transformation, we are also providing them more automation, more flexibility, and lower operating cost for this current second platform IT systems on which they currently run the vast majority of their business.
 : Additionally and very importantly, as we navigate through this transition, we and the rest of the industry are facing a global market which is exhibiting an air of caution in spending resulting from an array of economic and political uncertainties around the world. Collectively, these two factors are creating an environment that is not for the same apart. Against this backdrop, we said EMC’s consolidated revenues and non-GAAP EPS would both grow by 6% this year, including the impact of AirWatch. As part of this 2014 guidance, we said in our Q4 call that for Q1 we expected out top line revenue to be $5.4 billion and produce a non-GAAP EPS of $0.34. Importantly, we also said on our call that we would strive to build storage backlog, in other words our plan call for growing storage bookings considerably faster than storage revenue in Q1. As you have undoubtedly noticed by now, we exceeded our Q1 revenue forecast by over $80 million and beat our EPS plan by $0.01. And as David will cover shortly, while our storage revenue was down 3%, our storage product bookings that exhibit positive growth year-over-year and thus we did grow backlog. Given that we slightly deal our forecasts for Q1, given that our federation modeling strategies are resonating very well with customers. And given that our Q2 second half product cycles will be quite exciting and robust. I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm our 2014 guidance of $24.6 billion in revenue, $1.90 per share of non-GAAP EPS and $5.8 billion of free cash flow. Again, this updated guidance now includes the impact of VMware’s AirWatch acquisition which closed in Q1. And as part of our confidence in 2014 and to honor our pledge to return more cash to our valued shareholders, VMC Board has unanimously voted to raise our quarterly dividend by 15% starting on its first anniversary this July. This would make our annual dividend $0.46 per share. Speaking of confidence, as I eluded to earlier, what really gives us confidence on our future is our strategy, our federation model and by far the most important factor, our people. So before I turn to our strategy, I would like to thank my 64,000 plus colleagues across the EMC family, the talented innovative people of Pivotal, VMware and EMC Information Infrastructure for their hard work and dedication to our customers. Our strategy is squarely and clearly aimed at helping customers’ transition to the third platform of IT and to help them transform into a more agile software-defined enterprise. And while our customers are undergoing this IT and business transformation, we are also providing them more automation, more flexibility, and lower operating cost for this current second platform IT systems on which they currently run the vast majority of their business.
 : This hybrid cloud software-defined datacenter approach will yield customers more control over their IT, more flexibility and more choice and far lower costs. And to provide customers with an open platform for developing and operating new cloud applications that can be run on multiple leading private and public cloud infrastructures and not lock the customer into any particular one, we have helped form the Cloud Foundry foundation. The Data Cloud Foundry foundation includes industry leaders such as IBM, GE, Intel, HP, SAP, NTT, Accenture. There are many, many more players who have and will join Cloud Foundry and back this important past initiative. In Big Data, our customers need to ingest huge amounts of data quickly then reason over it and act on it in real time. This Big/Fast Data capability will (indiscernible) of game changing new agile software-defined business models in virtually all industries. The ability for an enterprise to innovate quickly around this phenomenon will likely determine its success or failure, perhaps even its life or death. In security, the mandate for customers to assure and protect identities is paramount as is the ability to examine information packet flow and content. On top of this, the ability for customers to form information governance rules and to measure a compliance with these rules is also critical. To maximize our focus, assure strategic alignment and capture the massive opportunities that will be presented to us in this transition to the third IT platform, we at EMC have implemented our unique and powerful federated operating model. In our federated model, VMware will take the lead in providing an enterprise/solution for empowering the mobile workforce. EMC Information Infrastructure or EMC II will partner very closely with VMware and provide information storage capabilities that meet the required needs for speed, robustness and cost for this opportunity. In cloud computing, VMware will drive the software defined datacenter and the hybrid cloud. EMC II will drive a software-defined storage technology named ViPR for block, file, object, and HDFS. This technology will work on top of EMC’s arrays, competitors’ arrays and vanilla white box storage. Additionally, EMC II, with partners, will also supply complete converged infrastructure systems of server, storage and network. And very importantly, EMC II will fully partner with VMware and its franchise partners on vCHS and also continue to partner closely with other important service providers on their cloud initiatives. In our Cloud Foundry, and Big and Fast Data initiatives, Pivotal will take the lead with EMC II helping to build out customers’ physical HDFS data legs and VMware helping provide software-defined datacenter technology options. And of course, in Security, RSA will provide industry leading identity protection and verification technology, look for anomalies and stop suspect packet flows while assuring strong governance, audit and compliance. Additionally, going forward, the EMC Federation is collectively, incredibly well positioned to play a new and potentially very large markets, which are now only in their infancy, exciting markets around Network Function Virtualization or NFV, and in and around the Internet of things. Knowing more about our technologies, our missions, our products and our opportunities, please join us in person, or virtually at EMC World on May 5 through May 8. In closing, I’m incredibly excited about the opportunities the EMC federated companies have before us. And by our overall strategic position, we are number in storage in the second platform and we are well positioned for and growing very rapidly in the third platform. We are number one in virtualization and leading the software-defined data center and hybrid cloud charge. We are clear innovator, in a new rapidly emerging generation of application and data fabrics and we are leader in several of very important growth areas in cyber security. Thank you again for being with us today, and now let me turn it over to David Goulden, to present more details and color on both the EMC Federation and the EMC II, David?
David I. Goulden: Thanks Joe. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. For the first quarter of 2014, EMC reported revenue of $5.5 billion a non-GAAP EPS of $0.35 both slightly ahead of where we told, we’d be in Q1 including AirWatch. Compared with Q1 year ago, Pivotal grew 41%, VMware grew 16% and EMC Information Infrastructure declined 3%. The differences in growth rates among and within our businesses reflects some of the transitions in the industry as well as changes we made to our own business in the first quarter, I’ll cover these changes shortly. In our major geographies, revenue growth was flat in North America, up 8% in EMEA, down 2% in APJ and down 11% in Latin America. Our BRIC plus 13 markets were down 1%. As we indicated in January, in Q1 we modified our fulfillment practices in our storage business, to mitigate extra costs in trying to fill high volume of orders at quarter end. The decision to fill those orders more rationally did result in a smoother close. Although we have more work to do on inventory. As expected this change in business practices resulted in Q1 revenue being lower than in seasonally normal. While the level of unfilled orders increased versus Q1 a year-ago, they did not grow as much as expected, because our Q1 revenues were higher than anticipated. These unfilled orders will continue to build in Q2. The good news here is the storage forward bookings grew inline with our growth expectations or storage for the year. Looking at line items driving our earnings growth, consolidated gross margins in Q1 was 62.8% down slightly compared with Q1 of last year. Looking at II, margins were down year-on-year, primarily due to volume. Excluding fixed cost, storage product margins would have been up from last year’s Q1. Pivotal have a high mix of Professional Services revenue because more of a software license orders are now being recognized on a subscription basis. VMware’s gross margin declined from last year’s Q1 due to AirWatch as well as ongoing investments including DCHS. Operating expense grew 8% as we continue to make major investments across EMCii, Pivotal and VMware in high growth areas such as flash, software-defined data center, software-defined storage, converged infrastructure, Big Data storage and analytics has hybrid cloud and mobile. The increase in OpEx over last year amounting to about $0.06 per share. Our tax rate for the quarter was slightly higher than last year’s Q1 unheard on a year-on-year EPS compared by a $0.01. We benefited by $0.02 in the quarter versus later year from lower share counts reduced by the retirement of our convertible debt on our buyback program. As a result non-GAAP earnings per share in Q1 was $0.35, a $0.01 ahead of our expectations. We generated $946 million in free cash flow in Q1 30% higher than non-GAAP net income, on cash and investments at quarter end were $15.3 billion, as we use $1.7 billion in Q1 retire our convertible debt and back to $1.1 billion with the acquisition of AirWatch, repurchased approximately $400 million worth of EMC shares and returned about $200 million to shareholders via our quarterly dividend. As Joe said we are very pleased to announce today that we are increasing our quarterly dividend by 15% starting July 1. At this level and with our committed buyback program we expect return over $8 billion of cash to our shareholders over the course of 2013, 2014 and 2015. Our uses of cash reflect a healthy balance of investments in our future we return to shareholders today. Our investments in the business are critical to our long-term success. The priority of customer today is to drive competitive advantage by harvesting the forces of mobile, social, cloud and Big Data, forces to characterize the third platform of our IT. However, most enterprise workload resides on second platform infrastructures, so customers are carefully evaluating how to leverage these second platform investments as we plan for the third. As a result they are looking for technology partners that can support both. The EMC Federation bodes some of the industry’s best assets across the third platform drivers on mobility cloud and Big Data, now more importantly we’re making progress in each. Pivotal is winning many flagship enterprise customers who want to build modern cloud-agnostic applications and reason over their troves of data. VMware it’s in the early innings of a huge opportunity building out software-defined data centers, improve the end-user compute experience, and adding seamless connections to external clouds via vCHS. And EMC Information Infrastructure is partnering with enterprise customers to build our private clouds including new web scale environments for applications with highest Pivotal requirements, and partnering with cloud service providers to standard new value-added cloud services. The second platform will continue to be a very large market for a long time to come and there is plenty of opportunity for EMC’s innovate and gain share. We have an industry leading position and that installed base and customers are looking for ways to make their second platform environments more efficient, technologies like flash, hybrid arrays, software-defined storage and software-defined data center are some of the fastest growing areas of IT, as they make the second platform more efficient to customers and set them up well to bride their platform. As we provide you with the summary of the quarter and an update on how we see the industry our business evolving, we’ll highlight our progress in five key technology areas flash, Big Data, software-defined data center and software-defined storage, converged infrastructures and cloud. These technologies play an important role in modernizing the second platform and in building out the third. Starting with Big Data and Pivotal, in its successful first year of operations Pivotal is way to a solid foundation for growth with differentiated technology in Big Data analytics and platform as a service Pivotal is now focusing exclusively on software and strategic services in driving a business model that reflects this. As part of this in Q1 we transferred the data computing appliance and Pivotal implementation services to the EMC Information Infrastructure business. Visibility to direct resources to where they make more sense within EMC is one of the main benefits of the federation model. Looking at the growth of Pivotal on this new basis, Pivotal grew revenue 41% over last year’s Q1, while bookings grew significantly faster. As we mentioned last quarter revenue growth does not reflect the growth in demand as Pivotal builds out in subscription based revenue stream. We’re very pleased by the fact that Pivotal has captured a marquee or b marquee custom in almost every major industry sector. We have landmark booking wins in Q1, with wins of a major global telco, a large U.S. based bank and a global consumer electrons manufacturer. The combination of high value strategic services in the Pivotal One platform are driving customer adoption and excitements. The global media companies engage with Pivotal Labs to build an application using Pivotal cloud foundry to drive the future of revenue enablements. And Pivotal Labs is also connecting a healthcare provider to its customers with a secured application that leverages the power of Big Data analytics. For the cloud to deliver to its full potential form in the intra application should be able to run seamlessly on any cloud, and this is the reality we are enabling with Cloud Foundry. The growth of cloud foundries and industry standard continues as we have been adding many new sponsors will be announced in the very near future. We have confidence of laying the foundation for Open Source software developments and governance for next generation applications now we will expand Pivotal’s market opportunity exponentially in the future. This is because we believe the open always wins in the long run and we are still in the early stage of building out next generation applications. Turning now to VMware and the software-defined data center and cloud. VMware’s industry position in both of these is unparalleled. Our offerings in SDDC continue to gain traction with the mix of license bookings or non-standalone vSphere over 45% in the quarter versus 30% a year ago, and as such is showing strong momentum with a growing number of pilots and increased production use. VMware’s hybrid cloud business which includes its VSPP program and vCHS more than doubled again year-on-year in Q1 and will continue to ramp with the robust road lying ahead including the vCloud Government Services which is on track to GA in the second half of the year. VMware’s third strategic objective end user computing has also gained momentum. In Q1, VMware introduced its new depth software as a service offering on vCHS and completed its acquisition of AirWatch in early of this month refreshed its VDI solution with the launch of Horizon 6 which stands out for its integration with VMware’s SDDC components. With the stronger portfolio than ever VMware is on track for another year of solid execution in 2014. Now turning to EMC’s Information Infrastructure business. As you know for sometime now, the growth rates in a storage industry have been pressured by several factors. These include the deployments of the efficiency technologies to extract resources within the tighter spend environment as well as the introduction of new infrastructure paradigms for the next generation workloads. CIOs are evaluating the best way to move forward prioritizing third platform technologies to drive top line growth and spending on second platform technologies only as much as they have to. We have seen this dynamic play out in our own results for the past few quarters as customers studies their alternatives. The effective customer pools stemming from these cyclical and secular factors was most pronounced in the high end this quarter. Several additional factors contributed to the year-on-year high end decline as well including our new quarter end fulfillment practices and maturing product cycle and double-digit growth in Q1 of last year. While these additional pressures will ease as we move through the year, overall storage growth will be driven by our emerging storage as well as by our unified and backup segments and helps by a series of very strong announcements across the portfolio we have planned for this year. As expected, overall storage revenue declined in the quarter. But excluding VMAX storage revenue grew 6%. We are very pleased our growth in our Emerging Storage segment which includes a number of third platform technologies accelerated 81%. Storage bookings in Emerging Storage helped to offset slightly lower than expected bookings in the high-end.
 : Let’s discuss the five key technology we mentioned earlier, Flash, Big Data software–defined data center, converged infrastructure and cloud, and how EMC Infrastructure business is capitalizing upon them. Starting with flash, where we have a very strong position. In its first full quarter general availability, XtremIO have continued its very strong momentum. We began shipping our 20 terabyte XtremIO systems which are key to increasing XtremIO use for data basis and analytics applications. XtremIO won dozens of new customers in a quarter along with business from many repeat customers, who have been impressed with XtremIO’s consistently high and predictable performance in real world workloads.
 : Let’s discuss the five key technology we mentioned earlier, Flash, Big Data software–defined data center, converged infrastructure and cloud, and how EMC Infrastructure business is capitalizing upon them. Starting with flash, where we have a very strong position. In its first full quarter general availability, XtremIO have continued its very strong momentum. We began shipping our 20 terabyte XtremIO systems which are key to increasing XtremIO use for data basis and analytics applications. XtremIO won dozens of new customers in a quarter along with business from many repeat customers, who have been impressed with XtremIO’s consistently high and predictable performance in real world workloads.
 : Let’s discuss the five key technology we mentioned earlier, Flash, Big Data software–defined data center, converged infrastructure and cloud, and how EMC Infrastructure business is capitalizing upon them. Starting with flash, where we have a very strong position. In its first full quarter general availability, XtremIO have continued its very strong momentum. We began shipping our 20 terabyte XtremIO systems which are key to increasing XtremIO use for data basis and analytics applications. XtremIO won dozens of new customers in a quarter along with business from many repeat customers, who have been impressed with XtremIO’s consistently high and predictable performance in real world workloads.
 :
 :
.: The Big Data phenomenon is what we have been talking about for sometime and this is an area in which Isilon really shines. Growth continues to be a major contributor to our emerging storage growth and Isilon's fastest growing used case by far it’s the Hadoop analytics.
 :
 : The ViPR data plane provides the object, HDFS and other software defined storage data services that customers can run on existing arrays or on dense commodity hardware. ViPR is programmable enabling customers to consistently automate and add features to the entire storage environments and to build hyper-scale file storage capabilities. ScaleIO creates a pool of storage that can scale across thousands of servers and present itself as an external block array, which can be managed by the ViPR controller and exposed to any physical or virtual environment including those from VMware, OpenStack and Microsoft. As we complete our integration plans, ScaleIO can be simply pull it off out the block data service of ViPR. VSAN introduced in February creates a pool of storage that is exclusively nice accessible via VMware ESX. VSAN scaled out the size of a single ESX cluster, two nodes and is very easy for VMware admin to use. ViPR is delivering value to customers today. For example, a large telecom in the UK selected ViPR in Q1 to provide the software defined storage platform for that cloud offering. With ViPR, the customer has fully automated software defined block and object storage across both EMC and non-EMC arrays. In this example ViPR were just one part of the much bigger win as the customer also selected our SRM software with single-plane glass reporting for all their storage EMC and other. ScaleIO for low-cost high performance block storage on commodity hardware in existing service and EMC is consulting a professional service to implement and maintain the environments. At EMC world in weeks, you will be hearing a lot more about SES, our very excited developments here. Another force that is transforming the industry and our business is converged infrastructure. After exiting 2013 and this demand run rate of $1.8 billion, VCE continue its momentum into Q1 with demand for Vblocks once again growing at well over 50% and over half of the Vblocks unit sales in the quarter going to new customers. Since Vblocks were first introduced in 2010, both enterprise and services providers alike have been adopting converged infrastructures in part because of the easy speed with which Vblocks allow the customers to standard private or public clouds. A great example is Fox Sports in Australia to use the recent relocation as an opportunity to build a private cloud on Vblocks. With 40 to 50 terabytes of data moving daily and daily growing by 3 terabytes per year Fox Sports wanted an infrastructure that would handle the enormous amounts of traditional broadcast media but also new media which require twice as much of storage. The on-premise’s infrastructure as a services solution on Vblocks has provided them with IT that was rapid to install given the short timeframe for the move and that is easy to maintain. Growth of our VSPEX referenced architectures built around VNX continued on its rapid pace in Q1 with demand more than doubling year-on-year once again. This is due in no small parts of our channel partners who have wholeheartedly embraced VSPEX and shared in its success. Now two years on the market, our momentum indicates we’re building on the leadership position we quickly captured in this space. We are very pleased with our growth in converged infrastructure and continue to be the clear leader in CI. The four technology we discussed so far; flash, big data storage, software-defined storage and converged infrastructure, are enablers of cloud infrastructures, both public and private. The adoption of IT as a service is creating a new era of IT agility, efficiency and choice with clients and our entire storage portfolio covers need from well-run private and hybrid clouds through the public clouds. EMC’s next-generation backup and recovery offerings are a good example, allowing customers to build efficient data protection-as-a-service infrastructures. Our recent announcements include cloud features such as data isolation with securable dependency for private or public cloud deployments, the ability for multiple data owners to access data protection how and when they want it, as well as flexible capacity-based licensing that unlocks the right capabilities when they’re needed. The strongest driver of growth in backup and recovery this quarter was Data Domain, which had another excellent quarter and continue to support our leadership position in this market, illustrating advisory customers of the modernized and backup architectures. Off-premise cloud providers are making use of our entire storage portfolio to stand up offerings for their customers. Our service provider partner program, which exclusively focuses upon supplying information infrastructures from our partner-as-a-service offerings, has been our fastest growing vertical every quarter for the past two years. This program continued its rapid expansion in Q1 and is now at $1 billion run rate. This number only represents the demand from named top service providers in our SP partner program. In addition, there are several other ways customers are consuming EMC infrastructure in the cloud. When you consider the technology we sell, service providers were not included in the SP partner program. So software companies who use our technology to stand up software-as-a-service to customers who buy our technology to deploy in service provider data centers and also our sales of value-added content providers we estimate our overall 2013 revenue for off-prem cloud used cases was well over $2 billion. Atmos, which we believe is the leading commercially-available object storage system on the market today, has contributed to this success as its geographically distributed object storage architecture provides an ideal foundation for web-scale content depots. We’re excited about our future in the cloud, including the growing storage capabilities within [BCA JASS] (ph) and you can expect to hear more about our plans in just a couple of weeks. Our strategy for success in storage over the long-term depends heavily on the success of federation overall. Many of our biggest customers are looking to take full advantage of scale and architecture to leverage the data in their domain and in these instances the complementary technologies, Pivotal and VMware are critical. It is the EMC Federation that enables us to have strategic conversations and bring the critical mass required to succeed in the Third Platform. RSA is often a part of these strategic conversations and security is a primary consideration when customers look to build out their next-gen strategies. RSA did well against a strong year ago compare, up 5% in Q1. Security Analytics and Archer, each grew over 25% again this quarter and again that represent close to 30% of RSA’s revenue. Actionable analytics are critical to any agile and responsive IT security strategy. For example, within 36 hours of the public disclosure of the Heartbleed bug, our security analytics customers could download new updates which led them identify Heartbleed-related vulnerability and spot attempts of exploitation. Our leadership position in the security space was evidenced by record attendance of the RSA Conference in February of nearly of 30,000 attendees, clearly very strong interest in security and in the RSA brand. Our Information Intelligence Group revenue was slightly off or expected to be this quarter. Although, we’re quickly growing our subscription bookings, which can be further earned out over the life of the contracts. For example, all of Syncplicity’s revenue is subscription and revenue here was well over twice what it was in Q1 of last quarter. Syncplicity’s trial implantations quickly go viral in the enterprise, but it also makes sense to host Syncplicity in a private cloud, driving storage amount as utilization grows. A great example is a tech company that started off with a 500 seat trial a year ago, amounted to 6,000 to (indiscernible) is now 50,000 seats and on their way to 150,000 seats. EMC II service organization is playing a key role in facilitating cost federation deals. A great example of this is engaged in Q1, a large global telco influenced Pivotal Cloud Foundry to use for our customers’ big data team. The trust of customers has developed over the years with EMC and with our brand is important asset in winning new partnerships for next-generation build-outs. We will position within EMC II. I’m fortunate to have such a broad base of stakeholders who are dedicated to our success. I’d like to thank the EMC team, our partners and our customers for their support this past year. Our outlook is unchanged. We still expect IT spend growth and storage growth to be broadly similar to what we were in 2013. As we said in January, we expect the combination of our higher and lower growth offerings in storage to result in 3% storage growth for the full year, which we believe is fast, now appears in the space. With our strong foothold in Second Platform environments and some of the most exciting IT assets in the industry helping us propel customers to the Third Platform, we’re well positioned to meet our 2014 targets, which now include AirWatch; revenue of $24.6 billion, up 6% year-on-year, non-GAAP operating margins between 24% and 24.5%, non-GAAP EPS of $1.90, up 6% year-on-year and free cash flow of $5.8 billion. EMC is at the threshold of expansive opportunity and we are very confident we’re on the right track with our federation model. We have the right technologies in Pivotal, VMware, storage and security and are making progress in the key areas of flash, big data, software-defined data center, converged infrastructure and cloud. And we have the right team of people committed to mobilizing the power of the federation for customers. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tony to moderate the Q&A. Tony?
 : The ViPR data plane provides the object, HDFS and other software defined storage data services that customers can run on existing arrays or on dense commodity hardware. ViPR is programmable enabling customers to consistently automate and add features to the entire storage environments and to build hyper-scale file storage capabilities. ScaleIO creates a pool of storage that can scale across thousands of servers and present itself as an external block array, which can be managed by the ViPR controller and exposed to any physical or virtual environment including those from VMware, OpenStack and Microsoft. As we complete our integration plans, ScaleIO can be simply pull it off out the block data service of ViPR. VSAN introduced in February creates a pool of storage that is exclusively nice accessible via VMware ESX. VSAN scaled out the size of a single ESX cluster, two nodes and is very easy for VMware admin to use. ViPR is delivering value to customers today. For example, a large telecom in the UK selected ViPR in Q1 to provide the software defined storage platform for that cloud offering. With ViPR, the customer has fully automated software defined block and object storage across both EMC and non-EMC arrays. In this example ViPR were just one part of the much bigger win as the customer also selected our SRM software with single-plane glass reporting for all their storage EMC and other. ScaleIO for low-cost high performance block storage on commodity hardware in existing service and EMC is consulting a professional service to implement and maintain the environments. At EMC world in weeks, you will be hearing a lot more about SES, our very excited developments here. Another force that is transforming the industry and our business is converged infrastructure. After exiting 2013 and this demand run rate of $1.8 billion, VCE continue its momentum into Q1 with demand for Vblocks once again growing at well over 50% and over half of the Vblocks unit sales in the quarter going to new customers. Since Vblocks were first introduced in 2010, both enterprise and services providers alike have been adopting converged infrastructures in part because of the easy speed with which Vblocks allow the customers to standard private or public clouds. A great example is Fox Sports in Australia to use the recent relocation as an opportunity to build a private cloud on Vblocks. With 40 to 50 terabytes of data moving daily and daily growing by 3 terabytes per year Fox Sports wanted an infrastructure that would handle the enormous amounts of traditional broadcast media but also new media which require twice as much of storage. The on-premise’s infrastructure as a services solution on Vblocks has provided them with IT that was rapid to install given the short timeframe for the move and that is easy to maintain. Growth of our VSPEX referenced architectures built around VNX continued on its rapid pace in Q1 with demand more than doubling year-on-year once again. This is due in no small parts of our channel partners who have wholeheartedly embraced VSPEX and shared in its success. Now two years on the market, our momentum indicates we’re building on the leadership position we quickly captured in this space. We are very pleased with our growth in converged infrastructure and continue to be the clear leader in CI. The four technology we discussed so far; flash, big data storage, software-defined storage and converged infrastructure, are enablers of cloud infrastructures, both public and private. The adoption of IT as a service is creating a new era of IT agility, efficiency and choice with clients and our entire storage portfolio covers need from well-run private and hybrid clouds through the public clouds. EMC’s next-generation backup and recovery offerings are a good example, allowing customers to build efficient data protection-as-a-service infrastructures. Our recent announcements include cloud features such as data isolation with securable dependency for private or public cloud deployments, the ability for multiple data owners to access data protection how and when they want it, as well as flexible capacity-based licensing that unlocks the right capabilities when they’re needed. The strongest driver of growth in backup and recovery this quarter was Data Domain, which had another excellent quarter and continue to support our leadership position in this market, illustrating advisory customers of the modernized and backup architectures. Off-premise cloud providers are making use of our entire storage portfolio to stand up offerings for their customers. Our service provider partner program, which exclusively focuses upon supplying information infrastructures from our partner-as-a-service offerings, has been our fastest growing vertical every quarter for the past two years. This program continued its rapid expansion in Q1 and is now at $1 billion run rate. This number only represents the demand from named top service providers in our SP partner program. In addition, there are several other ways customers are consuming EMC infrastructure in the cloud. When you consider the technology we sell, service providers were not included in the SP partner program. So software companies who use our technology to stand up software-as-a-service to customers who buy our technology to deploy in service provider data centers and also our sales of value-added content providers we estimate our overall 2013 revenue for off-prem cloud used cases was well over $2 billion. Atmos, which we believe is the leading commercially-available object storage system on the market today, has contributed to this success as its geographically distributed object storage architecture provides an ideal foundation for web-scale content depots. We’re excited about our future in the cloud, including the growing storage capabilities within [BCA JASS] (ph) and you can expect to hear more about our plans in just a couple of weeks. Our strategy for success in storage over the long-term depends heavily on the success of federation overall. Many of our biggest customers are looking to take full advantage of scale and architecture to leverage the data in their domain and in these instances the complementary technologies, Pivotal and VMware are critical. It is the EMC Federation that enables us to have strategic conversations and bring the critical mass required to succeed in the Third Platform. RSA is often a part of these strategic conversations and security is a primary consideration when customers look to build out their next-gen strategies. RSA did well against a strong year ago compare, up 5% in Q1. Security Analytics and Archer, each grew over 25% again this quarter and again that represent close to 30% of RSA’s revenue. Actionable analytics are critical to any agile and responsive IT security strategy. For example, within 36 hours of the public disclosure of the Heartbleed bug, our security analytics customers could download new updates which led them identify Heartbleed-related vulnerability and spot attempts of exploitation. Our leadership position in the security space was evidenced by record attendance of the RSA Conference in February of nearly of 30,000 attendees, clearly very strong interest in security and in the RSA brand. Our Information Intelligence Group revenue was slightly off or expected to be this quarter. Although, we’re quickly growing our subscription bookings, which can be further earned out over the life of the contracts. For example, all of Syncplicity’s revenue is subscription and revenue here was well over twice what it was in Q1 of last quarter. Syncplicity’s trial implantations quickly go viral in the enterprise, but it also makes sense to host Syncplicity in a private cloud, driving storage amount as utilization grows. A great example is a tech company that started off with a 500 seat trial a year ago, amounted to 6,000 to (indiscernible) is now 50,000 seats and on their way to 150,000 seats. EMC II service organization is playing a key role in facilitating cost federation deals. A great example of this is engaged in Q1, a large global telco influenced Pivotal Cloud Foundry to use for our customers’ big data team. The trust of customers has developed over the years with EMC and with our brand is important asset in winning new partnerships for next-generation build-outs. We will position within EMC II. I’m fortunate to have such a broad base of stakeholders who are dedicated to our success. I’d like to thank the EMC team, our partners and our customers for their support this past year. Our outlook is unchanged. We still expect IT spend growth and storage growth to be broadly similar to what we were in 2013. As we said in January, we expect the combination of our higher and lower growth offerings in storage to result in 3% storage growth for the full year, which we believe is fast, now appears in the space. With our strong foothold in Second Platform environments and some of the most exciting IT assets in the industry helping us propel customers to the Third Platform, we’re well positioned to meet our 2014 targets, which now include AirWatch; revenue of $24.6 billion, up 6% year-on-year, non-GAAP operating margins between 24% and 24.5%, non-GAAP EPS of $1.90, up 6% year-on-year and free cash flow of $5.8 billion. EMC is at the threshold of expansive opportunity and we are very confident we’re on the right track with our federation model. We have the right technologies in Pivotal, VMware, storage and security and are making progress in the key areas of flash, big data, software-defined data center, converged infrastructure and cloud. And we have the right team of people committed to mobilizing the power of the federation for customers. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tony to moderate the Q&A. Tony?
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarification. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Rebecca, can you open up the lines for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer. You may ask your question.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. First, just a clarification and then a question. Just David, on the annual revision, is that just the inclusion of AirWatch or there are other things in that are making for the $0.05 correction? And then on the high-end where you’ve seen, according to my math, about a 20% plus type of contraction on a year-over-year basis. How recoverable is this? How soon is a product cycle coming here to address this? What is that that you think is within your control versus not within your control and your ability to turn this business around?
David I. Goulden: All right, great. Thank you. So let me handle those in turn. So, yes, just to clarify, our guidance for the year has not changed. When we guided last in January, we did not include AirWatch into the guidance and the changes to the guidance are only for the addition of AirWatch. There’s no other change on guidance for the year. So I know a number of people had a little bit of confusion around that. AirWatch basically had about a $75 million impact on the top line and a $0.05 impact on the non-GAAP EPS and that accounts entirely for our change in guidance from January. Now let me move on to the High-end, and yes, as we showed you on the chart it’s down little over 20% year-on-year this quarter. So let me explain a few things going on. So the first thing that’s going on is there’s a number of math factors and what I mean by math factors is, a) we had a tough compare against Q1 last year where it grew double-digits. Importantly, the changes in business practice that we implement at quarter end and the building of backlog impacted our Symmetrix line that made the year-on-year growth look a lot worse than the actual underlying bookings growth. So biggest factor math. Second factor that you talked to, obviously as you know over the years, the High-end is very depended upon product cycle. The moment we have a maturing product cycle, we do have a refreshed plan during the year, not I’ll tell you exactly when. We don’t want to impact our own business more we have to, but that is certainly a factor. And the third factor, which is the industry backdrop and I mentioned it in my prepared comments is basically people are buying only as much as they have to typically of second platform technologies due the cyclical factors driven by the economy and people stretching the efficiency and life of their platform. And also some sector factors that people just are evaluating alternatives generally in the data centers. So that third factor will stay worse, but the first two are very much within our controls. So the first one is the math, which will go away in subsequent quarters and then we do expect to see a boost from the product cycle later on during the year. One important thing that I’ve mentioned is that we watched our installed base of Symms very carefully because that’s one of the key metrics that we track. And it’s interesting that last few quarters despite a lot of consolidation because what’s happening in the Symm market is people who are moving from the old DMX technology over to VMAX-1 to VMAX-2 will often tend to consolidate multiple frames into one. Despite that consolidation factor the installed base of Symmetrix has remained essentially flat over the last several quarters, which means that to the extent that we’ve been consolidating frames we’ve also been selling new frames out into the marketplace, not the key metrics, which we track. So undoubtedly there is a little bit of churn at the low end of the base with some of the older systems, but installed base has remained very flat, which is also very important because we’re not losing installed footprint, which means the opportunity to rebound and get some growth back into Symm basis out for us. So hopefully that gives you a number of factors around Symmetrix will be helpful.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks Ittai. Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Andrew J. Nowinski – Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi, good morning. Congrats on the nice quarter. I was just hoping a little more color on the public cloud market. I know you said you generated in excess of $2 billion in revenue from off-premise deployments, but I’m curious if that’s extending your sales cycles, those customers evaluate the economics of the public cloud. And then, could you also provide your views on how Cisco’s recent public cloud announcement impact EMC?
David I. Goulden: Okay, so Andrew let me take the first one. And Joe, may want to comment on the second one. So the existence of the public cloud is one of those secular factor, I just mentioned in my last answer, disclosing customers to look where they should be deploying their workloads and really it is all about workloads. So there is no one size fits also certain workloads are better in a hybrid cloud or a private cloud and some workloads maybe whilst to the public cloud. So to the extent that the cloud is out there and it is clearly a growing phenomenon in the marketplace that is one of the secular factors that just impacting the people and creating this general poles in the market places as people look at second and third platform technologies. What we wanted to do in terms of give you a couple of data points is first of all, demonstrate to that we have a fair amount of our business actually going into a cloud partner program, our search partner program. But then it is much more than that when you look at the totality what we sell to public clouds. So EMC storage technology is very prevalent in public clouds. And you see a significant chunk of our business in 2013 came from that’s related market. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Maybe a little lazy, but if you look what’s happening here and you go back to what was called platform one Mainframe and Minis you kind of got all in one. You got your server, your compute, your network all from one vendor. Yes, you provide some plug compatible devices, but the management, the control locking from one vendor. In platform 2, we went for silos. So they became a storage industry and networking industry, a server industry. On top of that it was another initiatives build the management industry to help to move it all together, and scale up technologies rule today. If you look a Platform 3, which is happening it’s kind of taken a little bit of both of those but it’s basically recombining at least at the controller layer and software for the control storage network and compute the management software from many made different vendors is being replaced with a layer of automation, and scale out technologies rule. So what you see is companies like Cisco, companies like us, obviously are trying to provide the software-defined layer. And of course, they want to use their own technologies and their clouds. But another factor I think to succeed in the future is co-opetition, you are going to have to understand that you are going to compete in more areas but there is very, there is a lot of power in cooperating. And that’s what we’ve done with BCs, so the partnership with Cisco is still strong. My guess is as we both go for software offer, software-defined scale out, reuniting in a way of storage computing network. You know obviously to be areas of rough, but again the companies they are going to do best, they are going to understand how to do co-opetition. So that’s kind of where we are and you can see that BC, John is very committed to BC, I’m very committed to BC. The company is very committed – both companies very committed to BC and it’s doing extremely well.
Andrew J. Nowinski – Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank guys.
David I. Goulden: Thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. Last night, VMware talked about $100 million contribution from AirWatch, this year and then you obviously beat the first quarter by $75 million that’s the AirWatch contributions you’ve got, $175 million in upside over the last three months, but you are only creates any the full year by little less than half of that. So just can you talk about has your view around the next three quarters changed over the past three months, or should we just view that as conservatism as you continue to rebuild the backlog, to the Air, thanks?
David I. Goulden: Katy, thank you. Let me address that so, VMware, did talked about $100 million of contribution from AirWatch but basically if you look at what the VMware’s mid-point of guidance is in April compared to mid-point of the guidance in January, it is up by $75 million. So basically, what happened for AirWatch is it didn’t change the expectation of AirWatch contribution to our license revenues that did go a little bit more expect the contribution services revenues but the within (indiscernible) million and we reflected that in all numbers, so that’s why $75 million. In terms of the Q1 beat, you are right, we’re actually beat our Q1 outlook by a little over $80 million about $70 million of that was in the storage business and if you remember back to the early part of my prepared comments, we said the reason for that was that basically we didn’t build our backlog quite as much as we expected to and you can think of it intellectually in terms of that’s extra backlog is why we’ve beaten the – we now have to build our backlog up in the Q2. So those two things both have normalized out which is why we are increasing our full-year guidance from what we actually said initially in January by the extra AirWatch and to beat this quarter and storage will be made – will be basically used to build up additional backlog in Q2.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Abhey Lamba with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Abhey R. Lamba – Mizuho Securities USA, Inc.: Yes, thanks. Your EMEA sales were an outperformer as a region now it was something in the market that was mainly your execution, can you talk about the drivers for outperformance in Europe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes, thank you. We’re actually very pleased with obviously with what happened in Europe particularly grading on the period. We actually had the strength across almost every single market in Europe during the quarter only one country, and I am not going into – calling out single countries by name, but only one country however whole portfolio didn’t showed a decent growth. So everybody was up around that 8% average. We do think it’s good execution. So we’re just very pleased with how things went to Europe last quarter.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks Abhey. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Reitzes with Barclays
Ben A. Reitzes – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, thanks a lot. Could you talk about in a little more detail how you get to the 3% growth in storage for the year, you talked about high-end but other products and other things that you are excited about perhaps into the second half because those growth rates have to be pretty robust and then if you don’t mind there has been talk in the press around the Project Mystic where perhaps there is an integrated appliance with VMWare around selling VSAN coming as well in the second half. Is there any commentary around that and could that be material? Thanks.
Joseph M. Tucci:
 : So we’re very excited about what we’re going to have adding into the portfolio over the course of the year and I don’t want to get into specifics around individual projects and code names and things like Mystics is all sorts of speculation in all sorts of industries about what is going to be announced by rather when should we get to the announcements and talk about of the curve.
Ben A. Reitzes – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein
Toni M. Sacconaghi – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. You’ve commented that your bookings growth was lower than you had anticipated in your original outlook, and it appears as though perhaps your backlog build was maybe 50% to 75% of what you had expected it to be. Can you confirm both those statements and I guess I have the opposite question which is the bookings growth was weaker than you thought for Q1? Why are you confident in maintaining your guidance?
David I. Goulden: Toni, we did not say that bookings growth was lower than we expected. We said the bookings growth was inline with our expectations of revenue growth for the full year, so just to clarify that point. On the second point, you’re right that our backlog builds was less than expected by roughly the amount that we have achieved revenue during the quarter. Now in the interest of total and full transparency, I would tell you that internally we may be strived to do a little bit higher than the bookings growth rate at the 3%-ish level we talked about for the year, but that was on internal expectation as opposed to anything that we would have baked into our guidance. So relative to what we have guided our bookings growth rate is absolutely inline with what we expect revenues to come out for the full year. Thank you.
Toni M. Sacconaghi – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thank you, Toni. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Stifel. Your line is open.
Aaron C. Rakers – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I want to ask you about free cash flow generation. I know that you guys have reiterated the full year consolidated free cash flow. But when I am look at the Q1 results and go back overtime, I think on average you have done between 26% to 28% of full year free cash flow in Q1. This number today would imply about 16%. So in order to hit that 5.8 number, is there any underlying assumptions or anomalies that you are making to that free cash flow for the next couple of quarters?
David I. Goulden: Aaron, yes thank you. Let me answer that as well. So a few things happened to free cash flow in Q1 by the way all of which we expect as we put our plan together for the years. So first of all, obviously free cash flow was impacted by lower net income, which was obviously driven by the changes in our business process and the lower revenue growth that was the first factor. The second factor is we had significant increase in tax payments, Q1 this year versus Q1 last year that we expected. The third factor was our CapEx spending was up in the quarter principally because we acquired one of our properties overseas in one of our international markets just made a lot of sense from a CapEx point of view. And then the full factor was overall timing of payments. So we expected all those going into the quarter. We knew that Q1’s cash flow was going to be lower than historic average. We understand all the differences and we’re on track to the 5.8.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks Aaron. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you. Have you seen any changes to the product cost and margin profile as a result of the backlog changes? Or is that something that actually the tailwinds later this year? And I guess related to that last quarter you have mentioned that your bookings margins were higher than the recognized margins, so could you get some similar color for what you saw this quarter?
David I. Goulden: Yes, absolutely Bill. So a couple of things, if you go back to my prepared comments, we did say that, if you take out the impact of fixed costs on the margins because obviously from a storage product point of view, revenues were lowest. So backing out the impact of fixed costs, our margins on our storage product revenues were actually higher than they were in Q1 a year ago. And they reflect two things, one is the impact of the backlog rubbing in and the second would be a very comparable year-on-year overall booking margins. So our booking margins were basically similar, we’ve got a benefit from the backlog. In terms of the changes of business practices on the fixed cost just kind of where they impact things mainly. With a little bit of benefit you see our inventory levels are still high than we likened to be we have got a bit more work to do on inventory in the factories. And as we’ve continued to work that down, we expect to get more benefits into the fixed costs.
Bill C. Shope – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks, Bill. Next question, please.
Operator: Next, we have Daniel Ives with FBR. Your line is open.
Daniel H. Ives – FBR Capital Markets & Co.:
. :
, c:
Joseph M. Tucci:
I don’t know if it has changed a lot, I mean I think obviously we are deeper into the transition that were customer realization that there is something big happening here and we call this Third Platform of IT. They understand that on the back of the Internet of things and the ability of having telemetry in almost every device they are going to be able to and to be able to analyze that collect it, analyze it and act on a newer plan. They are going to be able to change their business models and their industries are changing.: So there is a lot more focused on the future, that is causing caution on today, because obviously if you know you’ve to move to the future, you might say, what is the minimum I could spend on today to get to the future. And to give me the maximum amount of torch power if you will to spend on to move to the future. So obviously that is all excalating, it would be pockets of economic uncertainty out there around the world. There is obviously the emerging markets are little softer and there is lot factors affecting those markets. So I think it’s pretty much the same, but I guess we are in the later inning of the game. So last year in the second innings we are probably in the fourth inning this year. And it’s a pace of change to accelerating. And we are mixing no words, this is a huge secular shift, one personally I am excited about, because I think we have great assets to I believe we have great assets to capitalize on that. And again, it’s, as I said in my remarks not for the fainter heart, but if you do it right it’s going to be the best rewarded pay off.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks Daniel.
Daniel H. Ives – FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thanks.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lou Miscioscia, CLSA. Thank you.
Louis R. Miscioscia – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, great. Maybe you can give us some more color on the emerging market is down a bit or is that still better than others. What you’re seeing from a storage perspective and maybe a specific comment on China if you could?
David I. Goulden: Yes, Lou. Our emerging markets were actually impacted a fair amount by currency, also impacted bit by currency. So while we are down, one we were up one in constant currency, and BRIC plus 13, the biggest factor for us, it was last year really tough year-on-year compare in Brazil, we had 68% growth rate in Brazil, last year we had 37% growth rate in Latin America, because of that. If you take out Brazil or BRIC plus 13 markets were up by 7%. So much stronger the balance, so leverage within APJ, China was actually our strongest market. So we feel good about the progress that we are making in China. So I’ll give you a little bit of color from the puts and takes around the emerging markets.
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks Lou. We have time for one more question and then we’ll have a few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Maynard Um with Wells Fargo.
Maynard J. Um – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi thanks. So you talked about the benefits coming from the new product cycles at some point post to EMC World and beyond, but also talked about the secular trends in the pausing in spending as customers make IT decisions. So I’m just wondering relative to your full year guidance, if you can just talk about the balance between those two things and then also may be just share some of your views about what you are embedding for the full year in terms of macro and geography and maybe U.S. federal spend. Thank you.
David I. Goulden:
 :
 :
 :
 :
Anthony T. Takazawa: Thanks Maynard. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, let me again just start, where I finished where I started. I just want to thank you for being with us today. We truly and deeply believe that the EMC family of companies has great assets and great people that are really positioned and well positioned for the Third Platform IT. Customers trust us in this current client-server. Therefore, we think we are well positioned to help customers on that journey as they transition their IT but more importantly transition their enterprises, their companies into more of a software-defined, more flexible, more gradual enterprise. We have again really talented people. These talented people are excited about our future and our opportunities.
 :
Operator: Thank you. Thank you all for attending today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - Vice President, Global Investor Relations. Joe Tucci - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer David Goulden - Chief Executive Officer - EMC Information Infrastructure
Analysts: Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities Brian Marshall - ISI Group Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Ben Reitzes - Barclays Scott Craig - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC Q4 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of today's call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP of Global Investor Relations of EMC. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and year 2013. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci and David Goulden, EMC's CFO and CEO of the EMC Information Infrastructure business. Joe will begin our discussion with his view of the trends happening in IT, EMC's vision and strategy and how the EMC federation is managing the transition to the third platform. David will then make a few comments on our results and provide a bit more color and detail around the factors contributing to our results. He will also discuss our outlook for the year 2014. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. We are providing you with our projected financial model for 2014. This model lays out the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today's slides available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thank you, Tony. I would like to begin by welcoming everyone to today's call. Thank you all for joining us. Overall, I am pleased with our Q4 results as our year-over-year revenue and non-GAAP EPS, both grew at 11%. This acceleration of our topline growth was broad based the majority of our businesses, a clear sign that our strategy, products and business model is resonating well with our customers and their confidence in us is resulting in strong market share gains against our large competitors. Looking briefly at 2013 as a whole, we came in pretty much in line with what we told you at our last call in October. Revenue of $23.22 billion, up 7%, non-GAAP EPS of $1.80, up 6% and we produced slightly more than $5.5 billion in free cash flow. As I said last quarter, we are disappointed we didn't hit our original goals of $23.5 billion in revenue and $1.85 per share. We are, however, proud that we did hit our $5.5 billion free cash flow goal, grew revenue considerably faster in the markets we serve and substantially faster in the overall IP market. And we did this by investing heavily in our future. A future that focuses is on higher growth markets. I would like to thank the 63,000 plus people of EMC, VMware and Pivotal and our value-add partners all over the world for their hard work and dedication to the success of our customers. I would like to give you our view of what is happening in the IT market right now. To be clear, the IT market is going through the biggest, most disruptive and yet most opportunistic transition in its 60 plus year history. At this particular time, the pace of this transition is accelerating. As we have said before, this IT transition is being driven by several key macro trends. The first is mobile. Smart phones, tablets and new PC form factors are only the beginning. This trend will accelerate as sensors and telemetry get built into almost every imaginable product that will collectively spew out massive amounts of data. This massive amount of data will be stored and processed in a new hyperscale data center paradigm, which will encompass both private and public clouds. This move to cloud computing is the second macro trend driving IT. There will be tens of thousands of private clouds along with thousands of public clouds which will be powered by a new software defined data center model, featuring new levels of virtualization, automation, efficiency and agility. The third macro trend is called big data. The ability to reach in the multi-petabyte, even an exabyte scale of data, that is stored in these new clouds quickly and affordably, allowing businesses or any enterprise to make more and better customer intimate decisions faster. And building on these first three macro trends mobile, cloud computing and big data is the coming of the Internet of things where billions of devices will be connected to the Internet dramatically increasing the amount of data that will need to be digested and the speed at which it will need to be processed. But it is not enough just to adjust and analyze this data, it needs to be acted upon. This means building a new generation of applications quickly and easily. The ability to analyze vast amounts of information and act in real-time will change every business model and process in virtually every enterprise in almost every industry. The fourth important macro IT trend is social networking which is changing the way humans communicate and interact. Collectively, these four macro trends are shaping what is being called the third platform IT. With that said, there is a fifth important element that is a critical success factor for this third IT platform and that fifth element is all about the establishment of security, privacy and trust. So what is the EMC Squared family of companies doing to capitalize on this dramatic shift to the third IT platform and to make sure we ride the opportunistic side of this huge wave of change. In mobile, VMware has entered into a definitive to acquire AirWatch, the leader in enterprise mobile management and mobile security. With this acquisition, VMware is adding a fundamental element towards end-user computing portfolio that will celebrate their strategy, enable us to deliver a complete and proven enterprise class solution for empowering the mobile workforce. In cloud computing, we are driving the software defined data center into private and public clouds, and I emphasize the word and. VMware is leading this charge and leveraging their position of over 40 million virtual machines in more than 500,000 enterprises with their industry-leading vSphere Hypervisor, their innovative NSX software defined networking and they are game-changing automation technologies. EMC II is cooperating closely with VMware, and is leading with their software defined storage technology, ViPR. EMC II is also partnered VMware on its VSAN software. Give customers choice, vSphere, NSX and ViPR will work in either VMware or an OpenStack based cloud environment. Collectively, no other company is in a better position to drive the software defined data center than we are. As I alluded to, EMC and VMware must play in both, the private and public side of this immense cloud computing opportunity. We call this our hybrid cloud initiative. Together, VMware and EMC, will offer a host of solutions via our own DCHS cloud and very importantly, also with and through our highly valued service provider partners. These solutions include a broad range of production cloud services and a number of specialized services including, disaster recovery and business continuity, test and development, backup and archive, desktop as a service, Cloud Foundry as a service, global management security, Syncplicity, file, sync and share services, object and other storage related offerings, security and analytics services leveraging our RSA Pivotal offerings and we will add more services in the future that leverage the technologies we have throughout our family. In Big Data, Pivotal along with a host of leading and full partners like IBM, SAP, Intel GE, NTT, Accenture, Verizon and more, will support and contribute Cloud Foundry, an open platform for developing and operating new cloud applications that can be run on multiple leading private and public clouds in addition to our own and not lock a customer into any one particular. On top of this platform, Pivotal offer its own suite of big and fast data capabilities, featuring game changing innovations that use HDFS and scalar processing technologies. Pivotal Labs, the customer development arm of Pivotal, will help existing customers and digital era startups build industrial-strength applications with more agility, much faster, with better quality. EMC II, with its ViPR HDFS and now storage products and services, will team with Pivotal and help our customers build out their new massive data links. These data links will be the foundation for the big data analytics platform and technologies which I just mentioned. Additionally, EMC II is investing heavily in other important third platform technologies in areas like flash, hybrid disc and flash arrays with unmatched functionality and services and next generation of disaster recovery and business continuity technologies and in converged infrastructures with VCE, VSPEX in the coming VSPEX next. There is one additional implication that I would like to discuss and that is the incredibly important and tough job that CIOs have right now. CIOs not only have to help their companies form new, more software and services-oriented business models and revenue streams, they have to support the IT workloads that run their businesses or enterprises today. Today's application and workloads primarily on platform to client/server architectures and ironically demand here is also growing. To fund their new platform 3 business transformation future, CIOs us have to find efficiencies in their current IT environment. In other words, CIOs today need to play in two IT worlds as they plan a journey to a new platform and execute flawlessly every step of the way. Again, a tough job, and here are our technologies and people can help. The technologies we usually have in mobile, in the software defined data center, in storage, in converged infrastructure, in analytics, in security and in the hybrid cloud, are technologies that are applicable to both, platform 2 to platform 3 needs and very much helps CIOs to drive the OpEx and CapEx cost efficiencies they need. I would like to close with a few comments on our EMC's grid federation business model, a model built for this rapidly changing IT world. I have outlined the rich opportunity before us along the strong position we have with our innovative and leading technology and product portfolios. I have also commented on the disruption that many IT companies will feel. Make no mistake, there will be big winners and big losers. So, what is the power of the federation? Simply, it will help us win. This year collectively, we will spend $3 billion on a cash basis on R&D. This affords us approximately 15,000 innovative engineers to power third platform and bridge technologies. We have almost 20,000 talented people in sales and marketing that will help guide our customers on their IT journey. We have another 20,000 very technical people in our services organization, therefore our customers get the best experience possible. We have roughly $16 billion in cash, approximately $7.5 billion in the U.S. after repaying the convertible debt. This, along with our cash flow, will allow us to return cash to our shareholders through our dividend and buyback programs and gives us the ability to acquire technology that will help fuel our growth. We have more than 8,200 patents issued and pending to protect our intellectual property and rich technology suite. Our model has yielded us terrific leaders like our CEOs, Paul Maritz, Pat Gelsinger and David Goulden and a deep bench under them and has enhanced our ability to recruit and retain top talent. It keeps us more focused on our missions and perhaps most importantly it provides customers with a deep and rich technology stack while giving them choice as each of our companies will continue to work with other players in the IT ecosystem, the best of both worlds. For sure, our model is contributing in a major way through our growing strategic relevance in the minds of our customers and prospective customers. It's a real differentiator. With that, I would now like to thank you and hand it over to David for his comments. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. For the fourth quarter of 2013 EMC achieved revenue and non-GAAP EPS growth of 11% and in the year in which IT spending was less than expected and several of the largest tech peers declined we achieved relatively strong topline growth of 7%, non-GAAP EPS growth of 6% and free cash flow growth of 10%. This increase in revenue for the full year reflects growth across the federation, as Pivotal grew 15%, VMware grew 15% and EMC Information Infrastructure grew at 5%. Together this outperformance relative to the industry demonstrates the strength of our strategy. We are making the right bets, investing in the best technology and building the most complete portfolio to transition customers from the second the mobile, social, cloud and big data driven third platform of IT. As a result, we feel very good about where we are right now and where we go from here. The second platform of IT continues to support the vast majority of enterprise workloads and customers contained at these environments. We are a market leader here and we will continue to gain share in the second platform. At the same time, we have more plays in the third platform of IT than anyone else and establishing this beachhead helps ensure on market leadership will extend far into the future. And we are better equipped than anybody else to help customers bridge the gap as they transition from second to third platform with technologies that like converged infrastructure, where we are the market leader, ViPR where we are unique in our ability to provide such far-reaching and sophisticated software defined storage and the software defined data center capabilities of the vCloud Suite. While much of what we have been preparing for is playing out, no one can predict exactly how fast this transition to the third platform will occur. In 2013, we saw faster than expected growth from the technologies aligned with the third platform and slightly slower growth than we expected in offerings that are more associated with the second platform. That said, we achieved growth in all the major lines of our EMC II business and VMware in Q4 and in every major geography, and for the year, all our major lines of business performed right in line with the growth ranges we laid out for you last March. As we look at our results this morning, I will talk first about the progress made by each of the three businesses within the EMC federation, with the business I head up EMC II coming last. I will then close my comments today by talking about the financial results of the federation as a whole. Turning first to Pivotal and its differentiated software and services portfolio. In the nine months since formation, Pivotal met all the objectives we set out for the company in 2013. Pivotal managed financial goals, put a strong executive leadership team in place and launched an integrated technology platform in the form of Pivotal One. The face of Pivotal One, Cloud Foundry, is gaining momentum to become the standard for platform as a service with industry leaders such as GE, IBM, SAP, NCC, Intel, Symantec, Orange, Verizon and Swisscom all having committed to the Cloud Foundry platform. With customers' desires to build out their new applications on more open standards and avoid vendor lock-in, we expect to grow this list to several times this number over the course of 2014. In addition to establishing Cloud Foundry as the industry-standard path in 2014, we are also concentrating our efforts on providing the software and value added services supporting our Pivotal One platform and big data analytic solutions. Pivotal has the modern data and application fabrics that enterprise are looking for to build their third platform applications and we expect demand for Pivotal's offerings to grow over 30% in 2014. We also expect for Pivotal to start building a strong subscription-oriented license revenue stream in 2014, which will lead to reporting revenue growth being less than this 30% bookings growth expectation while also developing a strong deferred revenue balance by the end of the year. What is most important here is, market adoption as our storage, security, and VMware customers build out third platform technologies to drive competitive advantage for their business Pivotal is already proving to be an invaluable asset. VMware also achieved its goal for 2013, as the virtualization foundation laid by VMware years ago is proving to be a solid platform for continued growth. The management and automation relations features that fully leverage the benefits of virtualization are in high demand. Management and automation will once again be VMware's fastest growing product group with management license bookings up over 40% for the full year. With his progress, VMware is setting the stage for the build out of the software defined data centers that we believe will become standard in IT over the next few years. VMware's advanced management capabilities and long history of rock solid technology have established a level of trust with customers that is hard for competitors or build old solutions to match. This positions VMware well for success on every level, in software defined data centers to hybrid cloud to end-user computing. VMware's success in each of these areas contributes to the success of the federation whole. ViPR, for example, will provide the major software defined storage component in a VMware SDDC environments. VNX, the most prevalent storage array behind VMware environments sounds to benefit from the growth of VGHS. XtremIO's largest use case is VDI. VMware just double down in end-user computing with the acquisition of AirWatch, the world's largest mobile security and enterprise mobility management provider. With this acquisition, VMware is adding foundational elements to the end-user computing portfolio that will accelerate our strategy, enable us to deliver a complete and proven enterprise class solution for empowering the mobile workforce. Now turning to EMC's information infrastructure business, where I will drill down into little more detail. EMC I, continues to lead with our portfolio of best-of-breed storage for traditional workloads as well as the third platform applications and thus data-driven security on content management solutions are increasingly mobile-first and cloud-based. Storage revenue growth accelerated as expected in Q4 to 10%, bringing full-year revenue growth in storage to 4%. Q4 growth was driven by a smaller, but much faster growing emerging storage offerings and complemented by accelerated growth and what we believe to be continued steady share gains by our VMAX, VNX and backup solutions. Our Emerging Storage products achieved revenue of $1.5 billion in 2013. Revenue growth for the products in this group accelerated in Q4 to 73% year-on-year, propelled by the very successful launch of XtremIO as well as continued strong growth of Isilon, Atmos and VPLEX. After less than two months in general availability, XtremIO has catapulted the market-leading position. By any measure, bookings or revenue, we believe XtremIO has comfortably surpassed every other old flash array because it offers incredible value, a powerful scale architecture outperforms the competition, incredible capacity utilization and efficiency technology with data services that are always on, the most consistent and predictable performance in the industry and it's easy to use and manage. This momentum is meaningful in a market as expected by industry research firm IDC to reach $1.2 billion in 2015. Our scale out solutions also support third platform applications gain traction in the industry, the strong demand from Isilon scale out file and our Atmos distributed object storage solution continues. Service providers are increasingly accommodating massive amount of content for their customers and object storage solution like Atmos offer an ideal scale out platform to do this. In fact Atmos revenue more than tripled in 2013, large due to service provider demand. Isilon is also in demand for new use cases. As we saw last quarter, use of Isilon for Big Data analytics is by far the most rapidly expanding use case. Much of this is on Hadoop and in partnership with Pivotal. Isilon has always done well in CME and continue to drive exceptional growth here in Q4 with demand up almost 40% year-on-year. At the same time, verticals more traditional to EMC like healthcare continue to rapidly adopt Isilon as well, with demand from this vertical up over 40% in Q4. Our Unified and Backup Recovery portfolio revenue grew 11% in Q4 with the recent product refreshes in both, VNX and Data Domain clearly helping some here. Our Backup Recovery business finished 2013 with record-setting revenues for quarter and the year, with Data Domain commanding lead in the market for purpose-built backup appliances and growth in backup software that continues to outpace the market, our backup recovery solution are cleaning meeting the needs that competitors cannot. We believe our success is due to our ability to accommodate trends like VM Sprawl, the increasing mobility of users and sheer data growth to levels that make backup or protection more challenging. We saw solid growth in our unified offerings in the first full quarter of availability of the new VNX. VNX is benefiting from industry trends towards flash and converged infrastructure. The MCx software on the new VNX enhances the value of flash in the array, as evidenced by the fact that over 70% of next-gen VNX is shipped with flash in the quarter compared with about 50% on the previous generation. Converged infrastructures are increasingly popular consumers for VNX. VSPEX Reference Architectures, the technologies that our partners built around VNX technology have rapidly outpaced the competition. With demand growth in Q4 more than doubling year-on-year VSPEX has rapidly become the market leader in converged infrastructure reference architectures accounting for 45% of the market for these reference architectures. This is according to industry research firm Gartner, who also recently confirmed that our share of integrated converged infrastructure systems is even higher. Built around VMAX or VNX with VMware and Cisco, Vblock share of this market is over 50%. Demand growth of Vblock from VCE exceeded 50% once again in Q4 and the most common storage systems inside Vblocks is VNX. With growth of these new converged infrastructure systems greatly outstripping that of the market for the individual components, we are confident that all leadership in converged infrastructure will help VNX and VMAX continue to gain share. Our high-end storage revenue returned to growth in Q4 and grew 2% for the full year. VMAX continue to add new customers in the quarter primarily with the VMAX 10K. When it comes to mission-critical transaction oriented workloads with zero or extremely short recovery points and recovery time objectives, nothing else comes close. VMAX is the gold standard for the highest level of data services and predictable performance for the most highly prized data. The trust we have earned from customers encourage them to look at this first as they seek to build out next-gen infrastructures. Looking ahead to Q1, I will remind you that VMAX makes a tough compare against the revenue growth achieved in Q1 a year ago. EMC offers a broad range of storage platform because it's important to have the right tool for the job and our new ViPR software defined storage adds even more value to this portfolio. The ease with which device control enables customers to consistently manage heterogeneous storage environments is an incredibly important value proposition. ViPR got off to a very strong start in Q4 having amassed almost three times the number of customers already targeted for the quarter. No other storage solution on the market today can help customers bridge from the second to third platform the way ViPR can, with a simple extensible and open architecture that substantially lowers the cost associated with existing environments while accommodating new ones. We are fostering adoption and collaboration on ViPR by making the ViPR controller free to academia and for nonproduction use and easily available via a simple download. The ViPR data plane provides the object, HDFS and other software defined storage data services that customers can run on existing arrays or on dense commodity hardware. With the recent addition of ViPR's Hadoop Distributed File System data service we drive even more value as ViPR HDFS used in conjunction with Pivotal will enable customers to build next-generation data legs and we have a very exciting roadmap for ViPR and ViPR related products in 2014. Before moving on from storage, I want to point out how strong our portfolio is going in to 2014. We have our new VNX and new Data Domain systems, new XtremIO and new SRM and ViPR suites. We also have a strong product roadmap you will hear more about as we go through the year. The breadth and strength of our portfolio helps drive share gains in '13, and we are confident it will again in '14. IT decisions today cannot be made without paying close attention to information security and RSA continues to differentiate EMC solutions across the stack with advanced data driven security. RSA's revenues accelerated once again in Q4 to 17% bringing full-year Revenue growth of 11%. Over 70% of RSA's revenue now comes from offerings other than SecurID and these offerings grew up over 25% in Q4. Security analytics, powered by big data is the next big thing in security and our Security Analytics products benefited from this trend in Q4, with revenue growth almost doubling from Q4 year ago. Going forward, we see opportunities across the federation to leverage our infrastructure, virtualization and Big Data analytics technology to further harden customers IT environments. Our Information Intelligence group grew 3% in Q4, driving positive growth for the full year. Our new vertical content solutions plus xCP and Syncplicity accounted for about 40% of IIG's license bookings in Q4, and these bookings grew approximately 50% year-on-year. IIG continue to innovate to meet customers' demand for technologies that work seamlessly in mobile cloud environments and we feel good about this transition to these newer solution sets. To more effectively bring the full value of our offerings to customers, we are adding new capabilities to our EMC II go-to-market team. By developing new solutions for areas including, private/hybrid clouds, service providers and Big Data storage, with proposition guys tight use cases and software-oriented selling skills around areas like ViPR, we expect to continue to drive growth, particularly in new areas of the business. EMC II services organization, which provides expertise around I product sets is becoming increasing engaged across the federation. In fact, the three largest wins in Q4 for our consulting business, leverage the investments we will be making to build out the full EMC stack, including the migration of customers' applications off-premise to our key service provider partners, the development of advanced analytics capability with Pivotal and VMware's cloud management capabilities over converged infrastructure to enable hybrid cloud in new application frameworks. We are also supporting a major enterprise that's moving from a public cloud to a new EMC powered private cloud for cost and privacy reasons. Revenue from our service provider partner program continues to grow at several times the rate of our other industry verticals. This growth is being helped in part by VCE. Vblocks enable service providers to quickly introduce new services and easy scale services up or down as needed, value products that are instrumental to service provider success. In fact, four of VCE's five largest customers in 2013, are service providers buying Vblocks to run cloud services for their customers. Our focus on supporting service providers and their cloud initiatives have positioned us well going forward, a great example of potential here is the reward of telco service provider partner accommodating one of their customers a large company with explosive content growth. The environment for this one customer alone already consists of thousands of VMs running on more on than 4000 physical servers 10,000 OS instances and more than 200,000 disk drives, delivering almost 1 Exabyte overall storage on dense commodity drives and we expect this customer will continue to grow from here. Trends like software defined capabilities, converged infrastructure and hybrid and off-prem cloud will continue to grow and we are making significant investments in each of these areas across the EMC Information Infrastructure business. Before I conclude my remarks of EMC II, I would like to take this chance to acknowledge my deep appreciation for the support of our customers, the commitment of our partners and most of all the dedication shown by the entire EMC II team. Turning now to our consolidated financial results for the EMC federation. Year-on-year revenue growth in the quarter was 11% to $6.7 billion, supported by growth in all four of our major geographies, with North America up 11%, EMEA growth continue to accelerate to 15%, APJ up 1%, up 7% ex-Japan and Latin America up 12% from last year's fourth quarter. Our BRIC plus 13 emerging markets continue to grow faster than our average at 17%. Looking at line items that drive our earnings growth, gross margins in Q4 improved from last quarter by 70 basis points, compared with Q4 of 2012 gross margins were down by 160 basis points. This is primarily due to storage, where gross margins were down by 200 basis points. Looking at storage, it's important to note that storage product bookings margins were essentially flat year-on-year. While the pricing environment is tough, a mixed shift towards higher margin business in the quarter offset this pressure. The margins on revenue we achieved this quarter were impacted by the fact the bookings we were able to ship will low margin than last year. Storage services gross margins were impacted by higher field service costs compared with Q4 of last year. While this was a headwind to most of 2013 because we expect a similar level of activity this year, the year-on-year impact to storage services margins should be neutral in 2014. We continue to make major investments in new business areas including NSX, DCHS Pivotal, ViPR, ScaleIO, XtremIO and Project Nile. In with the investments, we are making the transition our business as the platform, we were able to control operating expenses which was down 150 basis points for the quarter and 30 basis points for the year. These good cost controls enable us to keep non-GAAP operating margins essentially flat for the quarter versus last year and down slightly for the full year. Our tax rate for the quarter was consistent with last year's Q4, but came in lower than expected due to mix of international versus domestic profits. Nonoperating expense was up from last year principally due to interest expense on the new debt and was lower than expected due to more investment income and FX gains. Our buyback program added $0.02 in the quarter versus last year. The net growth of the quarter's non-GAAP earnings per share was 11% over last year's $0.60. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.8 billion, bringing the full year to $5.5 billion, up 10%. We ended the year with $17.6 billion in cash and investments approximately $7.1 of which was U.S. based ex- VMware. In early January, we used $1.7 billion of this to retire our remaining convertible debt. In 2013, we introduced a capital allocation framework that's returning value to our shareholders with 50% of EMC II's free cash flow going towards buybacks and dividends over time, with an accelerated buyback program for 2013 through 2015. As part of this program in Q4, we purchased $1 billion of EMC stock. This brings our EMC buyback to $3 billion in 2013, about halfway to our $6 billion target. We expect to spend $2 billion on EMC share buybacks in 2014. We have also generated very attractive ROI on our acquisitions. Examples include VMware, Data Domain and Isilon. We have recently acquired key earlier stage companies including XtremIO, Nicira and the companies that make up Pivotal and we announced the pending acquisition of AirWatch, each of which we expect to produce great ROIs in the future. As we look ahead to 2014, we expect IT spend growth and storage growth to be broadly similar to what we were in 2013. So both 2013 and 2014 are expected to be slower spending environments than we anticipate at the start of last year. However the macro trends in IT that we discussed are playing out pretty much as we expected and EMC is extremely well positioned to help customers optimize and modernize their second platform environments, implement leading-edge third platform solutions and bridge from second to third. The accelerating transition in IT means that our higher growth markets are poised to grow faster than we expect a year ago and the growth of our more mature markets will be lower than we expected a year ago. With this in mind we expect revenue of $24.5 billion, up 6%, year-on-year, operating margin roughly flat with last year, non-GAAP EPS of $1.95, up 8% year-on-year and free cash flow well in excess of the $5.5 billion we generated in 2013. As is our custom, the exact free cash flow target will be set at our upcoming board meeting. Note that these expectations do not include AirWatch which would add approximately $75 million in revenue and cost approximately $0.05 of non-GAAP EPS for 2014. As you are aware, last year we shall extremely high volumes of orders coming in on the last few days of the quarter. Since this does seem to be the new normal in customer purchasing patterns, we are making permanent changes to our business practices to mitigate the impact of this hockey stick and reduce our dependency on late orders. These changes will reduce the extra inventory and factory costs incurred by trying to shift such a high value orders in such a short amount of time and also improve our revenue predictability in the quarter. While this will not affect revenue growth for the full-year, this will change the normal flow of our revenues within this year with Q1 being about a point lower than normal at 22% and Q4 a point higher. This will also affect EPS and we expect to earn about $0.35 per share in Q1 before AirWatch which would cost us about $0.01 in Q1. With IT spend of the 3% we were modeling on a revenue growth an expected growth in 2013 and 2014, lower than we were expecting when we met with you last March, will be revising our 2016 revenue growth target and will update you on this on our next strategic forum. Having said that, the strategy we discussed on the 2013 forum hasn't changed and we continue to make significant investments across our business in new and high-growth areas. We continue to expect to grow faster than our IT peers and faster than IT spending. In closing, we are excited about all we can accomplish in 2014. Given our position and strength, we are working with a very large installed base of loyal customers with leading-edge technology for every layer of the IT stack, products and services for the infrastructure layer that include best-of-breed storage arrays, software defined storage, converged infrastructure and information security. Solutions for virtualization layer that enable the software defined data center, hybrid cloud and end-user computing, with over 40 million virtual machines powering the world's large organizations, and a cloud agnostic platform as a service offering in less than a year has become the PaaS offering of choice for enterprises looking to build out next-gen apps to harness the power of Big Data. This combination gives a strong play in the second platform which will continue to support the [enterprise] workloads for several years to come, leading technologies and product as a service platform and a powerful capability to bridge the gap between the two. With that I will turn it over to Tony to moderate the Q&A. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarification. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Sandy, can we take the first question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good morning, guys. I have a question just around the March quarter guide. I want to understand if that actually includes the $100 million to $120 million of restructuring initiative that you guys have talked about today. If so, what sort of payback are you expecting out of this initiative? When do you expect those savings and it is naturally the driver of the changes you talked to proven the backend loaded nature of the quarterly you have experienced in 2013.
David Goulden: Amit, this is David. Let me take that. Good morning. Think of the restructure as more of rebalancing activity, very similar to what we did last year within EMC information infrastructure. As we continue to move more of our people into the third platform R&D part of the business, we have had to go - reduced resources, some areas build the resources in other areas. Last year when we did this, we actually wound up with about 2,000 people more at the end of the year than we start off with. This year we expect to probably end the year flat or slightly up in EMC information infrastructure. Just think of it as rebalancing rather than a year restructuring. The impact of that is backed into the Q1 guide. That is not related to what I told about in terms of the quarter end business practices. The quarter end business practices, which has really impacted Q1 revenue guide is the fact that we are changing the way we want to run the factories at the quarter end, reduce our inventory levels, reduce the amount of overtime, expedite shipping costs et cetera, which will result as a byproduct in a higher volume of orders we cannot ship during the quarter will set a higher definitely backlog and that higher backlog is a results of the new business practices what is driving the Q1 revenue guide. To tie those two back together, there is probably a little bit of the year rebalancing charge that ties to that, but only a minor, minor part.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Alex Kurtz of Sterne Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. David, just looking at the Q1 guide and thinking about the year here, you are trying to factor your new strategy on a month-three kind of practices versus the broader concept of a product refresh and VNX XtremIO and potentially a refresh of VMAX. I mean, historically those have been catalyst for product growth and I am trying to understand why Windows help the first half of the year balancing that against your guidance here?
David Goulden: Alex, that will help. What we have is this effect, so the new products are definitely going to help us from an order flow point of view going through the year. As I mentioned, we entered year this year with a really strong portfolio, I would say stronger than the same time last year. That's going to help in the absolute sense and also help with just taking share during the year, but again the factors that we are talking about are going to drive us with a higher percentage of orders that we cannot ship during the year. Particularly in Q1, you will see the impact of that. but I will point out this will not impact the full year because the business practices that I am talking about are actually the way that we end our fourth-quarter anyway. So said differently we are applying some of the ways that we close our fourth quarter where we do not try and ship everything that comes out in the last few days over the quarter and we are taking that practice and applying it to the other three quarters of the year. So that's why you see the seasonal impact occur in Q1 but not impacting the revenue guide for the full year. So back to Q1, the reason for difference in the revenue level from an average to the actual guiding numbers is related to with this change in business practices and you are right, we will see some benefit from order flow during the quarter that will be masked by business practices change in revenue.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Alex. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Hi, David. I wanted to see if you could revisit on the gross margins in Q4. I wasn't entirely clear about why gross margins were down and what we heard was it was a bit more aggressive than normal this quarter in terms of pricing. So if you could address the storage products. And within the context of answering it, again why gross margins are down, could you speak to against the backdrop of your operating margin target for calendar year '14 to being 25%? How should we think about gross margins in calendar year '14, both on a consolidated level and at the storage products level? Thank you.
David Goulden: Hi, Keith, always you have multiple thoughts there. But let me provide some type of aspect because I am sure that will come out at some point in time during the conversation this morning. So let me recap. The reason why gross margins were down in Q4 was related to the storage business. There were two factors that impacted the storage business. The first is storage product margins. Very important to understand, that the booking margins, so the margin we got on the orders that we took it was essentially flat year-on-year in the fourth quarter. So we did see some pricing pressure but relatively offset of that out with positive mix towards our software and higher margin products. So our booking margins was flat. This is the most important point. The reason why the revenue margin was down is, of those bookings the revenue that we took, of those booking that we had revenue this quarter, the mix of those was lower margin than the bookings we took to revenue last quarter. So you saw essentially flat bookings turning to lower revenue margin because of the mix. Ergo, we obviously had higher margins in backlog exiting this year, last year we did exiting 2012. That's what was the really major driver. Now the other driver of margins is what's been happening all year in the services business. We mentioned to you on a few occasions that in our maintenance business, we had a high-level of field service activity due to components out there in our products which just brought margin down on services. So that's the storage issue. Now fast forward into next year, n what we expect at the EMC II and therefore at the storage level is approximately flat gross margins for a couple reason. One is that year-on-year those service activities are expected to normalize out. And then, if you think of the things that impacted us this year on the product side, it's the higher quarter in closing costs and we have taken steps to impact those. Then of course, we got the issue that impact us in Q4 doesn't really drive a huge amount of change for the full year in 2014. So were expecting going forward in 2014, at the II level, relatively flat gross margins, relatively flat operating margins and at the consolidated level, due to the mix shift towards VMware, expecting both gross margins and OpEx to be up slightly and giving us a slight boost in operating margins.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Thank you, David.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Keith. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is Shebly Seyrafi of FBN Securities.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities: Yes, thank you. So your guidance for the year, $24.5 billion, I it is below the consensus of $25 billion. You seem to indicate that you are going to be below your prior plan because of these core inventory balances in Q1, but, make up for it in Q4. But it seems to be that if you look at or if you take VMware's guidance last night and make reasonable assumptions on II and Pivotal and security, it seems like the storage revenue growth which was about 5% per year in 2012 and 2013, is going to decelerate to like 2%. So it seems like fiscal Q4 won't make up for the below expected result in fiscal Q1. I am wondering if there are other factors explaining this. Are you seeing the storage market slowing down because of the movement to the cloud and other factors? Are you in fact saying or believe that your storage segment will decelerate to roughly 1% to 2% from 5%?
David Goulden: Let me talk about that. The historic numbers for the storage segment are correct was in 2012. It's actually 4% in 2013, and the guidance is based upon a 3% number in 2014, not the 2% number which you mentioned. You have to make some adjustments from VMware down low into VMware and EMC et cetera to get to the numbers together.\ Relative to what's happening, we are as I said, expecting IT spend growth and storage spend grow to be relatively similar to what they were this year, so market conditions relatively are the same. The reason for a slight deceleration in the storage business growth in 2014 is really here to rebalancing of the revenue growth rates between product and services. The last couple years we have been really maximizing the potential of our installed base from a maintenance point of view. You have seen services revenue grow a lot faster than product revenue, so for example in 2012 you saw a wide discrepancy between those two. As we go forward into 2014, we have really capture the opportunity. We expect those rates to up to normalize, so the product revenue growth across those for years actually relatively consistent and that's really the biggest reason why you are seeing a slight deceleration in 2014 versus 2013 in the storage business.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Brian Marshall of ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Great. Thanks, guys. It seems like the last couple of quarters we have had a little bit difficulty kind of forecasting sort of intra-quarter metrics. I mean, in September, it was obviously mix related and some push outs into the December quarter. Then this quarter obviously the margins with respect to what was shipped and actually what was booked seem to be half by decent amount. Can you talk about any action that's possible with respect to quarter end business practices at accompany that alleviate some of these anomalies that we have seen over the past six months? Thanks.
David Goulden: Brian, that really comes back to the first thing I talked about in terms of changing our quarter end practice, particularly relative to quarters one, two and three. Basically, having a more measured quarter end process, where we are not carrying as much inventory, we are not having as much factory overtime, we are not as dependent upon shipping its high percentage of orders coming into the last week as we used to be. That should help, cost should help with predictability. That really is the change that we are making. Now as I mentioned and you said this being a factor in Q4, we are not changing our Q4 end of quarter, because we carry more meaningful backlog at Q4 end, but we do believe that as we implement these new processes, we are going to actually take a lot of stress out of the system and make the results in the quarter much more predictable.
Joe Tucci: Let me just add a little color. This is Joe. If you looked at this time of the year and going back to 2012, the analyst expectation for growth for macro IT was 3% to 4% and it ends up doing a tick below 3%. If you go back a year, the analyst expectation for 2013 was 3%, we did about 2%. Now this year, it's the analyst expectations of 3% to 4% and we are still staying at 2%. We are going to stay at 2% until we see the lights in the market. Why? Because, there's little bit off the last two years. That said, I personally see more upside to that 2% that we are calling than downside, which I probably would have said the last two years. What David said is - and exactly to the point you are making, we just have to get - it's going to be very good for business with David's leading it to build bigger backlogs, so our bookings rate and our revenue rate will not be the same as it's been pretty much in the last few years. We are going to try to keep more bookings which basically let us have more efficiency and I think more predictability in the business and I think you as investors and people that watch us will be happier as we get into that trend. Obviously you are going to take some medicine and that's what we are telling you we are taking and I gave you my view on the market growth and forecast and we are viewing it the fact that I see more upside to that 2% than downside.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Thanks, Joe.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks for the question, Brian. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kulbinder Garcha of Credit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thanks. I want to just kind of go back to that previous point. This question is for Joe and David, I guess. Going back to the issue of just the product revenue growth being around 3% this year, David. I guess you said at various points that you are very confident about your product portfolio. If I think about 2014, VNX2 was slightly delayed. It sounded like it will have full year impact this year. You have got the impact of XtremIO which seems to be going quite well. On top of that you are going to probably have a refresh, I imagine, in the middle of the year, to several of your product lines. So why can't you gain more share than that revenue growth implies? Are you being very conservative? Or have you thought about he the capacity to gain shares? And I am thinking about that in the context of the comments you made about pricing environment. It sounds like it's a bit more challenging than it maybe have been for a few quarters. Many thanks.
David Goulden: Yes, Kulbinder. We are taking a conservative view of what we think the market growth will be and we expect to gain share against that market. Obviously there are a number of things in our favor. Our product cycle is very strong. We also recognize that CIOs right now are being very cautious in their spend. Joe talked about the real challenges that CIOs are facing in terms of trying to figure out how they are going to play in the third platform which is still in the early innings, how they really get cost out of the second platform while drive efficiency in the second platform infrastructure. So what we are seeing is a little bit of a pause in the market as people work through how this transition impacts a lot of their spending and more people are spending just enough and being a little bit cautious about rolling out quite as many big projects as they used to. So we really are factoring what we are seeing in the market and the dilemma that the CIOs are facing into our thoughts about how the year might in fact play out. So we are taking a conservative view of IT spending. We are taking a conservative view of how rapidly people spend in both existing areas and new areas. Of course, we have a got a lot of things going for us. It's not by accident we gained a lot of share in 2013 in storage. We gained share because we built the strongest portfolio, the most complete portfolio with a market-leading converged infrastructure and those are the reasons why we gained share. The best go to market team out there is our services team. And those things are all factors for us in 2014. So we are confident. We are just being a little bit cautious about the spending environment.
Joe Tucci: I think you look at it, you know, that we are just cautious but prudent also. If you just look at Q4, we just grew topline and EPS at 11% and you look at our peers across the industry. There is just nobody doing that and then basically we told you in the revenue, we took a richer, there was a richer mix of margin that was taken into Q1 in 2014. You look at our new businesses, right. The stuff we do sell totally in, what we term as platform three, that has a $2 billion run rate that had 70% growth, right. Look at the value that those kind of companies are getting in the marketplace today. We are in a great position. It's basically, we are just going to get a more rational operating model which I think will pick up profit and make us more predictable going forward, which I think the investors are going to like. We just have to transition to that but I am very optimistic about 2014 and our opportunities. We are much more relevant. The conversation we are having with customers are much more relevant and strategically relevant than it has ever been in the past. So we are positioned very well.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Kulbinder. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is Ben Reitzes of Barclays.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays: Yes, thanks. Joe, obviously you can't really talk about before you do it, but in terms of what you laid out in the beginning, what does that say about EMCs acquisition strategy? And as you balance the cash returned to shareholders versus the gaps in your portfolio. Sometimes in the past, you have actually been pretty forthright saying that you need some things in security or some other areas and I was just wondering if you could give us some color on what EMC's acquisition strategy might be as you attack those opportunities and try to revive growth, obviously outside of AirWatch with VMware which we already know about and how you think about that? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Look, we are in a market where the vast majority, probably 90%, of the growth going forward is going to be VMware we term it platform three. And I went through all the assets, I won't do it again, I will spare you, that we have that's relevant to platform three inside EMC II, inside our security business, inside VMware, inside Pivotal and the way we are playing that together and the way we are giving customers choice. That's where we are gong to make investments. I am not a big believer in defensive investments We are also making a really - make sure we return cash to shareholders and continue those programs and we got a good balance and that's where I am spending a lot of my time, you know, spending a lot of my time on strategy and strategic alignment across the businesses, on talent acquisition, on capital allocation, on M&A and obviously a lot of times I always do with customers and I really can't as you as you predicted answer your question directly, but I would kind of give you a feel for kind of the way I am thinking a little bit and which is the company is thinking.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tony Takazawa: We have time for one more question and then a few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our final question is from Scott Craig of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott Craig - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning. Can you just talk about the restructuring and how you think about dropping the savings to the bottom line and maybe sort of quantify the savings as opposed to reinvesting in a business for growth and how that sort of plays out on a linearity basis as you look through the calendar year? Thanks.
David Goulden: Yes, Scott. Thank you. As I mentioned a little earlier, really think out rebalancing activity. We talked about the two transitions from second platform to the third platform and it's basically part of helping to fund the investments we are making in the third platform, so it is rebalancing all activities. It's not a of restructuring for just sake of getting cost out. We are going to reinvest those savings back in the business to support many of the third platform initiatives that we talked about. It's very similar to what we did last year, making clear for our EMC II, what we are doing this year is almost a mirror image of what we did last year in terms of the size of the rebalancing charge we are going to take in the first quarter, the amount of our rebalancing we expected to do during the year, so it really is a wait to fund. The reinvestments we are making in the business in the new areas and as we talked about before, the areas are either growing exceptionally quickly or have great potential, so we think it's a very prudent thing to do again it's rebalancing and both restructuring.
Scott Craig - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
Joe Tucci: Thank you all again for joining us. I truly believe across our family of companies, we had a really solid close to 2013. As I said, our strategic relevance with customers is very high and never been higher when customers take their kind of (Inaudible) what companies they want to look and we are on those lists consistently now. We have technologies and the people will help customers balance to help our CIOs the customers balance that basically make sure they optimize what they have today and build the bridge in a journey to the future in the third platform. We have that all important momentum and we have a great team to execute on it, so I really appreciate you being with us today and thank you for your confidence in us and we will be talking to you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman and CEO David I. Goulden - President and COO Tony Takazawa - Vice President, IR
Analysts: Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Brian Marshall - ISI Group Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Lou Miscioscia - CLSA
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. I’d now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2013. Today, we’re joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci and David Goulden, EMC President and COO. David will begin with a few comments on our results and provide a bit more detail and color around the factors contributing to our results. He will also discuss our outlook for the year 2013. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT, EMC’s vision and strategy and our results this quarter. After the prepared remarks, we’ll then open up the lines to take your questions. We are providing you with our updated projected financial model for 2013. This model is out all of the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your model. This model is available as background in today’s slides available for download in the IR sections of emc.com. Please note that we’ll be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today’s press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. In addition, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise indicated. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. By now you all have seen our financial results for the quarter. Q3 was very much a tale of two cities. On the positive side, we achieved almost all our strategic and operational goals in the quarter and there is a lot to like. But on the less positive side there were two big challenges we couldn’t overcome, which had a direct impact upon our financial results for the quarter. Third quarter 2013 revenues were a little over $5.5 billion and earnings per share was $0.40. This revenue was below our expectations for the period by approximately $250 million, principally driven by two major factors both of which impacted storage product revenue. The first was a very late timing of orders in the quarter. The second was U.S Federal Government’s spending. I will walk you through each of them. For the past several quarters we’ve seen cautioning customer spending, leading to increased scrutiny and extended close cycles and this continued in Q3. The result was another very backend loaded quarter. Specifically more storage products than we expected came in on the very last day of the quarter, which as you know was a Monday making fulfillments to these orders in Q3 extremely difficult. As a result storage product orders we received that we didn’t ship in the quarter were $100 million higher than we expected. Now turning to the second factor. Many storage product orders from the U.S Federal Government that were expected to close in the last weeks of the quarter did not, due to less than expected year end budget money and unexpected reprioritization of these year end budgets ahead of the federal government shutdown. This accounted for approximately $120 million of revenue shortfall against our expectations. To put some perspective around this, after relatively flat first half storage spend with us by the U.S Federal Government, Q3 spending was down significantly year-on-year on what is the biggest and most important quarter for U.S federal spending. Together these two factors accounted for the vast majority of the Q3 revenue shortfall versus our expectations and this revenue shortfall directly impacted our EPS results for the period. While we’re disappointed with our reported results in the quarter, our confidence in the success of our strategy over the longer term is as strong as its ever been. You might be asking what was driving this confidence. Well there are number of things. First was the trend in our storage product bookings growth rate, excluding U.S federal storage product bookings growth accelerated in Q3 to the high single digits, the highest rate we’ve seen all year. This was through globally as well as for each of the Americas, EMEA, and APJ. This positive development in demand bodes well not only for EMC, but for the storage market as a whole. There is also what we accomplished in the quarter. Key strategic areas of our business including our emerging storage business, our service provider partner program VCE and VMware all had accelerating year-on-year growth once again in Q3. Pivotal continue to execute well on its roadmap, collecting Whitehouse wins and preparing the launch of Pivotal 1 this quarter. On the successful launches of ViPR, our new Data Domain platforms and our next generation VNX in Q3 further enhance our value proposition for our customers. Finally, we are confident simply because of what our customers are telling us. We stay close to listening to our customers and they’re demanding ever greater value from their IT spend. The good news is our technology goes a long way towards making customers more efficient and their response to our relentless focus on continuing to deliver this value. This dedication to customer success is a whole mark across EMC, VMware and Pivotal teams indispensable to our strategy and a key driver of our market share gains, which we believe continue in Q3. The takeaway is that while global IT spending continues to be lackluster and the situation with the U.S government has not made things easier, our portfolio of offerings combined with our business model put us in an advantage position to help customers transform their IT to fully optimize cloud, Big Data and trusted IT. Looking at our results in more detail, year-on-year revenue growth in the quarter was 5% to $5.5 billion and 6% in constant currency. In spite of this quarter’s challenges our information infrastructure and information storage businesses grew and growth of Pivotal and VMware accelerated. All four of our major geographies grew as well, with North America up 3%, EMEA up 8%, its highest growth rate this year, APJ up 8%, 12% ex-Japan and Latin America up 13% from last year’s third quarter. Our BRIC+13 emerging markets grew at 19%, also its highest growth rate for the year. Our storage product revenue shortfall in Q3 hurt our gross margins. On a consolidated basis, gross margins were down 40 basis points from Q2, the higher mix of VMware revenue in a quarter helped, but not enough to offset the impact of reduction in volume from last quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses were flat versus Q2. We continue to invest in key areas across the federation, including ViPR and XtremIO and EMC II, the software defined data center, VCHS, end-user computing of VMware and building the platform for next generation application developments at Pivotal. Our tax rate was slightly lower than in Q2 effectively offsetting the impact of non-operating expense or non-GAAP EPS which came in at $0.40 for the quarter. Free cash flow in Q3 grew 26% year-on-year to $1.4 billion bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $3.7 billion, up 6% against a comparable period last year. Free cash flow is an important driver of our shareholder returns and in May we enhanced our capital allocation framework to enhance our returns to shareholders by directing half of our U.S.-based free cash flow at VMware to dividends and buybacks, returns to shareholders grow as the business grows over time. As part of this new framework we were pleased to pay our first ever quarterly dividend in Q3. We also repurchased $1 billion worth of EMC stock in the quarter and this brings our buyback to $2 billion for the first nine months of the year, more than halfway to our $3.5 billion share repurchase target for the 18 months ended June 30, 2014. We also spent approximately $400 million on acquisitions in the quarter and in Q3 with $17.5 billion in cash and investments, $8 billion of which is in the U.S. excluding VMware. 1.7 of this will be used to settle our remaining [ph] convertible bond in January. Looking across the federation to get a better understanding of what happened in the quarter, let's begin with the EMC II business starting with storage which grew 1%. While we expected growth in our high end storage business to moderate in the second half of this year as we annualized the refreshed VMAX. The disruption to our federal government business added significantly to this headwind. VMAX continues to present unique value proposition to customers and added net new customers yet again in Q3. Year-to-date, we've added more new VMAX customers down for the comparable period last year. The 10-K and 40-K continue to exhibit the strongest results and Flash penetration on new systems continues to climb reaching 70% in Q3. Our innovations on VMAX make a difference with customers such as a large telecom provider in Europe. This customer was looking to consolidate on the best-of-breed infrastructure for their storage as a service offering and selected VMAX to displace two competitors and serve as a platform of choice for their customers. As this example illustrates the reason for selecting VMAX are as compelling as they've ever been, scaling mission critical workloads with the best reliability and availability VMAX meets requirements that other offerings cannot. Our unified and backup recovery portfolio grew 3% in Q3 impacted by the fact that this significant majority of this quarter's higher than expected un-chipped orders were in this business. Our unified storage business benefited from the very successful global launch in September of our next generation VNX. The press, industry analysts and most importantly our customers and partners received a new VNX with enthusiasm. This was evidenced by their rapid transition to the new systems where almost 35% of the new VNX ordered in September were for the next generation VNX and by the end of the quarter, this mix had reached about 50%. This rapid uptake is not surprising as the new VNX represents a breakthrough in unified storage delivering over four times the performance of its predecessor across file, data base and virtualization workloads. Key to this breakthrough is the new NCX software which enables the VNX controller to take full advantage of Intel multi-core processing power. By uniformly distributing data services across all cause, customers avoid controller bottlenecks that can hamper the performance of other mid-tier systems. This is especially important for maximizing the potential Flash in the array and the new VNX is optimized for Flash which is clearly important as approximately two-thirds of the new gen VNX is sold in the quarter including Flash drives. This is a significantly higher rate than the previous VNX family. Our backup and recovery system business did quite well in Q3 despite a higher than expected level of un-chipped data domain orders existing the period. BRS growth was driven by our data protection suite together with our recently refreshed line of mid-tier data domain products which accounted for approximately 75% of mid-tier data domain orders in the last week of the quarter. EMC is the world's largest data protection company and we believe we continue to gain share because we have the broadest, best-of-breed portfolio of products. The new data domain systems are four times faster, 10 times more scalable and almost 40% lower costs than a prior generation enabling customers to consolidate all backup and archive data onto a single protection storage platform. This is why one New Jersey based health insurer looked beyond the longtime backup software vendor to EMC in Q3. The incumbent could not scale to complete backups for their virtual machines within the schedule backup window. EMC data protection suites combined with data domain not only got the job done during the backup window but did so with integrated solution that lowers the customers total cost of ownership. Our Emerging Storage business grew 66% in Q3 demonstrating how EMC is innovating in ways to enable customers to quickly and easily derive value as they build out their cloud and big data environments. With Emerging Storage, Isilon continued strong growth in Q3 and had the record number of new customers in the quarter. Isilon continues to expand in its established verticals as well as in broader enterprise used cases that are beginning to leverage scale-out NAS architectures. For example, demand in health care and financials grew well over 50% year-on-year in Q3 for Isilon. Also of note in Q3, Isilon saw triple digit growth in big data analytics mostly for enterprise [indiscernible] implementations where Isilon scale and architecture is a natural fit. Several of these wins were achieved by teaming with Pivotal, an early sign of power of authoritative model. For example, a large mobile service provider in Southeast Asia was looking to capitalize on its customer usage demographics. The majority of this day was unstructured but needs to be analyzed alongside CRM and back office data. This drove the customer to seek infrastructure that could offer both performance for [indiscernible] analytics as well as enterprise grade data services with Pivotal analytics and iPhone for the storage, the customer will now be able to create an enhanced personalized experience across their mobile services. As this example illustrates, iPhone's enterprise features are a growth driver and will be adding more enterprise class features with our next generation of OneFS which is on track for release this quarter. Atmos also contributed to growth in the Emerging Storage group in Q3. Atmos is an object storage system that is being increasingly used by large web-scale providers and next generation application developers for its simple, scalable, globally distributed architecture. In fact it was with a web-scale customer that Atmos won its largest deal ever shipping almost half an exabyte to this single customer so far this year. In Atmos, EMC offers one that few commercially available object storage systems and we believe our share in this market far exceeds our block and final market share. In 2014 our next generation Atmos systems will come to market as part of our Project Nile which we discussed in some detail September launch events. Revenue from VPEX continues to grow a well over 50% year-on-year as it has done for the last several quarters. The global major businesses today and the drive to maximize system utilization are increasingly dictating a need for continuous operations around the world. This is exactly what VPEX often in combination with RecoverPoint delivers. Using this combination, businesses can now run mission critical classifications in truly active data center configurations enabling better utilization of information infrastructures. Our storage business continues to benefit from our differentiated strategy leveraging Flash technology across the entire storage infrastructure. Flash has a significant role to play in our hybrid storage systems which are increasingly optimized to take advantage of Flash. For many workloads, hybrid arrays offer rich data services, low latencies and the most economical price points. Our recently announced next generation VNX is an outstanding example of this. However, some workloads require sustained low latencies regardless of whether the array is idle, busy, empty or full. This is the domain of all Flash arrays and the reason why last year we acquired XtremIO. XtremIO is architected in a fundamentally different way than both hybrid arrays and any other old Flash array. These differences include true multi-controller scalar architecture delivering consistent and particular performance for any workload with any level of array utilization over any period of time. Deduplication that is always on and always in line. Metadata that’s always stored in memory to minimize rights and allow near instantaneous cloning a virtual machines and flash optimized data protection which is both faster and dramatically more efficient than traditional RAID. I want to be clear that XtremIO is the only all-Flash array architecture with all these mind and this represents a key advantage for EMC and our customers. XtremIO will GA this quarter and we’re confident it will be very successful. My review over last few minutes of EMC’s storage offerings illustrates the broad spectrum of technology required to run a set of highly diverse workloads. It also speaks the complexity of the underlying storage infrastructure, and this is why we search sites about ViPR which GA last month. EMC ViPR delivers software defined storage and consists of two distinct components, the ViPR Controller, and the ViPR Data Services. The ViPR Controller reduces complexity in today's storage environment by abstracting and standardizing the management of EMC and non-EMC arrays. Because of this the storage infrastructure can be highly automated and accessed through a self-service portal enabling IT departments to offer simple, public cloud like experience for application owners. ViPR Data Services provide new storage functionality in software on top of existing EMC arrays, non-EMC arrays and early next year commodity storage. Initially ViPR provides a new object storage software implementation supporting both Atmos and Amazon S3 interfaces. We believe large web-scale content depots our next generation application developers will increasingly rely upon object storage because with simplicity, cost and globally distributed nature. Object storage will also play a major role under these big data analytics systems based upon our dupe and for this reason we’ll be adding [HDFS] access to the ViPR object storage later this year. Turning now to security. Our RSA security division grew 11% in Q3 benefiting from year-in-year revenue expansion in both major lines of business. Within our identity and data protection business to secure IT return to growth, revenue growth accelerated for our security management compliance business with growth coming from both Archer and our security analytic suite. As customers begin to allocate more of their security budgets beyond static prevention and towards intelligence driven security based on context and analytics, RSA is well positioned to meet these needs. Revenue from our Information Intelligence Business declined in Q3 as a number of deals were pushed out of the quarter. When budgets are tight, spending on business process improvements and collaboration become less of a priority. We did see continued progress in the quarter with our vertical solution sets; energy plant and facility management and life scientists in particular. We also continued to see momentum for the Syncplicity sync and share SAS business. We acquired Syncplicity about a year-ago as a very early stage company and we’re seeing dramatic growth in customers large and small. Syncplicity was recently cited as a leader in the farthest of wave and was recognized as one of the top 10 most secure apps in the cloud by NetScope. VMware’s revenue growth accelerated again in Q3 as customers transformed to the mobile cloud era computing. Customer’s uptake of non-standalone vSphere solutions expanded with over 40% of VMware’s license bookings in the quarter coming from areas beyond standalone vSphere. Management and automation license bookings were once again VMware’s strongest growing product category in Q3. VMware is later focused on delivering unique customer value in three strategic growth areas to software defined data center, hybrid cloud and end user computing. In Q3, VMware announced three new and key technologies, vCloud Hybrid Service, Virtual SAN Storage and the NSX Network Virtualization Platform. It also announced an entire refresh of its industry leading vCloud suite and announced a new desk top of the service offering uses a technology from a Desktone Acquisition. Record attendance of VMWorld in August in San Francisco and in Barcelona last week of more than 30,000 people combined speaks the broad and growing appeal VMware offers to customers wanting to transform their environments for the mobile cloud era computing. Pivotal our new company continued to make significant progress in Q3 towards its goal of building a new application development platform comprising next generation data fabrics, application fabrics and a cloud independent platform as a service. Pivotal’s recent acquisition of Xtreme labs adds an important dimension to it's efforts as Xtreme labs advantage in mobile application developments are highly complementary to the expertise of Pivotal labs the agile development services unit within Pivotal. Xtreme labs list of clients is impressive in including several new web-scale companies as well as organizations like Deutsche Telekom, Viacom and the NFL. Enterprise customers are seeking a data-centric and modern development platform on which to build their next generation applications for both web and mobile. Pivotal’s first version on this platform Pivotal One is on track for availability before year end. Pivotal’s leading efforts in this space are capturing the interest of many. Their inaugural Cloud Foundry Conference last month was sold out an attractive five times the number of attendees it had targeted. Additionally, large household organizations including GE and IBM are lining up to collaborate or co-innovate on the Open Source Cloud Foundry project. As we look across our federation of businesses we see a number of benefits to our model. First and foremost this model is best for customers. It offers our customers horizontal solutions and more choice than they get from others to prepare them for the third platform of IT. Second, this approach fosters excellence and leaves each business free to focus and build the products, go to market capabilities and ecosystems necessary to win. Finally with all three businesses together within one federation interests across them are aligned. As part of the single entity our businesses share a vision to leverage Cloud, Big Data and trusted IT to maximize control, efficiency and choice. Since 2009 we’ve been promoting the main virtues of cloud infrastructures and because of this long standing conviction today we offer some of the industry’s leading technology to support cloud deployments. Over the last several years we’ve also been developing innovative go to market model to optimize the delivery of these technologies and accommodate a variety of customer preferences. These initiatives are proving to be very successful. Let’s start with converged infrastructure and VCE. Demand for Vblocks in the period grew well over 50% and had a higher rate than in Q2 outpacing the market for converged infrastructure which is one of the fastest growing areas in IT. Customers seeking speed to deployment, ease of operations and reduced complexity turn to Vblocks. This was validated by our recent report from IDC which indicated that compared with (indiscernible) components, VCE customers realized five times faster deployments in new services and the 96% reduction in downtime while a shrinking annual data center cost by up to 50%. VCE is setting the pace in some of the technology leadership as well. This quarter the company launched two new Vblocks specialized systems targeted a high performance data base and virtual desktop environments as well as new Vblocks incorporating our new VNX platform. There is another large segment of customers who value simplicity, agility and speed to deployment and off the choice provided by reference architectures instead. This was evidenced by the continued strong growth of VSPEX. We expanded our base of in-store VSPEX by over 45% in Q3 bringing the total number to more than 5200. This is excellent progress for a solution that’s only been in the market for a year and a half. Partners love it because it offers them another way to add value and customers love it because it's easy to purchase, deploy and operate. Finally a growing number of customers are opting for off premise solutions to augment their current IT investments. For more than a year now service providers have been our fastest growth vertical market segments and this trend continued in Q3 as the revenues from this program were up well over 50% year-on-year. This rapid growth comes from the expansion of the program to include new partners as well as from existing partners as early partnerships continued to gain traction. A great example is our alliance with Atos which we first announced early last year. This alliance structured around that canopy cloud services company has been so successful that we recently expanded our partnership. Atos will continue to standardize the majority of their cloud and managed services hosting platforms on EMC, VMware and VCE Technology. In summary, taking into account the market leading assets within our portfolio built around the mega trends of cloud, big data and trusted IT as well as the energy and innovation with which we deliver in these technologies to our customers, we are confident that our long-term strategy is the right one. Turning now to our outlook for the full year, we do not expect to recover the Q3 federal shortfall in Q4, so this flows through to our outlook for the year. We also are slightly revising our demand outlook for Q4 taking into account recent reductions in GP and IT spending forecast for 2013 and the ongoing uncertainty around U.S. federal spending. Of course we do expect a solid increase in Q4 IT spend relative to Q3. For the full year we now expect EMC revenue to grow 7% to $23.25 billion and non-GAAP EPS to grow 6% to $1.80 per share. We continue to expect free cash flow to grow by 10% to $5.5 billion. Our confidence in achieving these results comes through a number of factors including last quarter's $109 in higher than expected backlog that we've already shipped. Our increased storage product bookings momentum, a full quarter's effect of the new VNX, ViPR and data domain products, the general availability of XtremIO, VMware's continued momentum and the success of our ongoing market initiatives including VCE, VSPEX and our SC [ph] partners. Going forward we're confident that we'll continue to grow and gain share because we have the right vision and strategy. We have an enviable market position of portfolio. We have a leadership role in important new technologies and across the federation, we have the team to make it happen. All of this together puts EMC in an unique position to help customers and partners transform their businesses and be successful. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Thank you, David. My welcome and thanks to everyone joining us for today's call. I have very mixed feelings and emotions about our Q3 results. To be clear and for the record, I am disappointed that we missed our Q3 revenue and EPS expectations and I assure you that the EMC management team shares my disappointment. On the other hand, I feel extremely good about our strategic position, about our products and service offerings and with the way our customers and new prospective customers are giving us permission to play in our target markets, in cloud, big data and trust. We are focused on building a platform for new cloud, big and fast data applications, delivering on the promise of the software defined data center for a new cloud era. Dividing our customers' portfolio of information storage and protection solutions with unparallel depth and breadth and we are focused on ensuring we deliver trusted IT. We feel good that we continue to grow faster than most of our larger IT peers. As David said, excluding federal, demand in bookings growth accelerated across the major parts of our business. In particular, our newer high growth businesses did extremely well. In Pivotal our developers pass CloudFoundry is attracting an impressive and growing community of partners and Pivotal's big data analytic solution shows strong momentum and growth. Growth also accelerated in VMware and within RSA security, our security analytics and our Archer GRC suite grew over 35% year-on-year. And our VCE joint venture year-on-year growth exceeded 50% an acceleration over Q2. And our Emerging Storage offerings; Isilon, Atmos, VPLEX and Flash grew over 65%. Going forward we will also include our software defined storage offering ViPR and our new all-Flash array XtremIO in this category starting now in Q4. By the way Q3 marked the 15th consecutive quarter in which we posted year-on-year organic revenue growth. I would like to thank my talented colleagues in EMC, VMware and Pivotal around the world for their hard work and dedication. David explained our shortfall this quarter and I would like to give you my perspective on the two factors he discussed. First was a higher level of storage product backlog than expected. To provide a little color and more detail, on the last day of the quarter we initially expected to receive approximately $100 million in storage product orders. In actuality we received almost three times that amount. We were able to process and ship some but not all of these orders. This resulted in the backlog that was $100 million greater than planned and thus the corresponding $100 million Q3 revenue shortfall. Clearly we worked hard to get orders in earlier and I assure you our sales teams were incented accordingly. But customer caution and their scrutiny of IT purchases continued and more orders than expected were released to us on the last day of the quarter. The good news of that in total we did get the storage product awards we expected in Q3 with a notable exception of those from the U.S. federal government. Moving on to our U.S. federal business, I would like to point out that the vast majority, approximately 70% of our federal storage product revenues are transactional in nature which means they are booked, built, shipped and billed within a quarter. In other words our federal business is mainly project based and transactional in nature as opposed to being more a multiyear program based. With the government dealing with the budget impacts from the sequester and the effects of a pending shutdown, these types of transactional orders were the ones most negatively impacted in Q3. To put a number around this impact, our U.S. federal storage product business was down over 40% year-on-year in Q3. By the way normally because of the federal September 30 fiscal year end, Q3 represents several times the order volume of any other quarter. The good news is that the demand for these storage infrastructure products did not go away nor was it lost to another IT vendor. But because of uncertainty around the federal government's funding this new fiscal year, it is unclear when this pending demand will result in actual orders to us. As we look forward we now believe that overall IT spending growth for 2013 will come in a little below 3% with a solid increase in IT demand in Q4 versus Q3. Against this backdrop we expect consolidated EMC to grow at 7%, 5% excluding VMware this year which will put us in good stead relative to many of our large cap IT competitors. Thank you for joining us and I would now like to turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Evan, can we open up the lines for the first question please?
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question today comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thanks. I just want to clarify a couple of points. David, first of all on the revenue sequentially in the fourth quarter if I take VMware out of it, you're guiding for 25% sequential growth which is I think the strongest sequential growth you would have seen in a decade ex the VMware business. And just to be clear, is that just all because of the orders that have been pushed out in Q3, Q4 and you're not really assuming anything much in the end environment with your customers to actually improve? That's one question. The second question I have is kind of linked to it. The gross margin relative weakness versus expectation this year has meant the information storage segment of your business isn't expanding gross margins anymore. Has that story about your ability to both increase share and expand gross margins there largely played out now and you can't do both – how can you convince this in being more structural, whether it's cloud related otherwise isn't pressurizing that business maybe more than you would have thought six or nine months ago? Many thanks.
David I. Goulden: All right, Kulbinder, thank you. I think that qualifies as two questions, I'll take both of them. So the first one, Q4, yes, you're right to point out that obviously from a reported point of view that's going to be a fairly increased sequential growth rate. There are two factors to come into account. First of all we are giving you our best estimates of Q4 and as you know from our full year guidance, because we will benefit from the $100 million of backlog coming out from Q3, we've essentially taking a little bit off top of the Q – the prior Q4 guidance reflecting a slightly weaker economy that we're seeing. The important thing is the factor that impacted us in Q3 do not impact us in Q4. Specifically in Q4, the federal government business is a very low percentage of our total bookings unlike Q3 and also the backlog factor is less, in fact it's almost a non-issue in Q4 because we carry larger backlog out of Q4 just because of the nature, the size of Q4. We don't optimize our factories to try and ship all the Q4 backlog. So if you normalize Q3 for the facts that did impact this in Q3, the backlog and if you normalize for what would be a more normal federal performance, the seasonal progression from Q3 to Q4 is much more in line with seasonal norms. And of course we still expect these from budget cycle in Q4 with IT spending seasonally ahead of Q3 and that we also mentioned that we’re expecting to see a continued strong storage product booking to support that number. We talked about the fact that we’ve seen our storage product bookings growth rate accelerate in Q3 an d in Q4 on top of that benefit of the run rate we’ve coming out of Q3. We’ve got the additional benefits of things like a full quarter of the new VNX, the full quarter of the new DD and the first quarter shipping XtremeIO. So those are all the factors that come into the Q4 numbers. In terms of gross margin, obviously the gross margins were most impacted by the shortfall in storage product revenues this quarter. As we mentioned, 220 of the overall 250 [indiscernible] were directly related to storage product revenues, of course carry a very high incremental gross margin because all our fixed costs are already covered and the impact of $220 million less of a storage product revenue on our entire income statement is fairly meaningful. So if you normalize I understand that’s a normalization calculation, but if you normalize our gross margins for storage, for EMC infrastructure for consolidated -- for the $220 million would be roughly flat quarter-on-quarter, roughly flat year-on-year and the operating margins in fact will be up in both cases. So we don’t think there is anything structural happening to our business. We’re still very pleased about the potential for continued expansion in the gross margin and the operating margin in storage as we go forward.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Kulbinder. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Marshall with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Great. Thanks, guys. Obviously there is nothing you could do about the weakness in the Fed and I didn’t actually realize 70% of your business was transactional in nature there. So that’s an interesting statistic, thanks. But with respect to the inventory situation, if you look at it, 1.4 billion up both sequential and year-over-year, can you talk about how that jives with the fact that you did have a lot of orders coming in at the end? I’d anticipate you guys could probably pre-build a lot of those orders and prep for a pretty big backend loaded quarter and orders coming in at the last day. So can you talk about how you can pre-build and if that was the case and you shipped a couple of hundred million in the last day of the quarter, why inventories went up as well? Thank you.
David I. Goulden: Yes, Brian, let me take that as well. Yes, obviously we were able to ship a large number of the orders we got on the last day. But as we explained, not all of them and we had planned our inventories for essentially $100 million less backlog and we planned to have the inventory for the federal orders that didn’t come in. So those directly impact our inventory. We also of course were playing around some product transitions both on the VNX and on the Data Domain sides where we’re covering our position a little bit on product transition. We didn’t have any issues with product shortages, which is good because we were able to plan around those transitions. So the manufacturing inventory and the situation kind of tied directly to how we saw the quarter and play out. And then the final piece is the overall inventory picture as we’ve a little bit of a build up in engineering or R&D inventory and support some of the new products that are in the pipeline.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Brian -- Evan, can we go the next question please. Yes, sir. Next we have Shebly Seyrafi with FBN. Your line is open.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities: Yes, so a clarification and a question. On the clarification, what was the VNX and Data Domain growth rates during the quarter? And the question I have is on the high end you declined 8% year-to-year following the growth at rates of 10% to 5% the prior two quarters. What do you think is going on the high end? Is it just the secular shift away from the high end to the mid range or this was just -- was it impacted mostly by the federal and what do you think the high end growth rate should be secularly going forward?
David I. Goulden: Yes Shelby, let me take that one as well. The biggest impact compared to our expectations in the high end this quarter was the reduction or the lack of federal orders, and that had a direct impact upon the high end growth rate a little bit of the backlog or the orders that we didn’t ship was is in the high end, but the biggest factor was the federal which is why it was below our expectations for the quarter. Now you can see that obviously the high end is very much a function or very much impacted by product cycles to your early point we had a very strong first half and the high end as we were still in the first year of the product cycle, Q3 was the first year we had a kind of lapping or an annualization of the new VMAX, so we expected some softness in the second half relative to the first half. We still think that the opportunity is there for the high-end to grow in the range that we talked about at the form, which is then -- at the 1% to 3% range and nothing we’ve seen recently would change our viewpoint on that. And then relative to the first part of your question you asked about the growth rates of VNX and DD. And the growth rate in VNX picked up during the quarter with the transition into the new part. The growth in DD remained strong and both of those were impacted by the additional or as we couldn’t shift. So the prior question we can do much more pre-building of the Symmetrix orders than we can pre-building of mid tier orders, they tend to come in with less define configurations mainly through the channel partners. So the majority of the build up of the un-shift inventory, the majority of the $100 million impacted the [indiscernible] mid tier bucket and absent that we would have been very pleased with the growth rate.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Shebly. Next question please.
Operator: Next in queue we have Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Hello, thanks. Last night VMware gave little some color about 2014 outlook. I know it's a little bit early and you tend to do that mostly in your January conference call, but Joe is there any chance you can give us some of your initial thoughts about how, what's the framework we should think about from a macro standpoint towards spending some of the opportunities in risks that you see in that timeframe?
Joseph M. Tucci: I hate to tell you what everybody knows. But obviously the Federal Government we take the can down the road to January and early February. And I think a lot is going to depend and I could tell you I’m traveling around the world, as a matter of fact as I finish this call I am heading on the plane to go to China. As I head around the world, I can tell you that all eyes are on the U.S. So if you can answer that question for me I’ll give you my best guess.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: All right. Very good.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Ittai. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Alexander with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Brian Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah, a question on the bookings acceleration that you saw in the quarter David, up high single digits I think you said. If you can talk about how the bookings linearity compares to what you normally see in the third quarter and whether the acceleration is more a function of easy comparisons from last year which Q3 was weak, but whether you’re really calling for more of an inflection point in storage demand and if the latter what change that’s driving the acceleration?
David I. Goulden: Yeah, sure Brian. Obviously number of parts to that question. Now relative to the acceleration as I mentioned, the good news whilst that’s again, we had to take federal out of our picture because that was the kind of one area where we did not meet our expectations from a bookings point of view. But if we exclude Federal and you look at the storage product bookings we saw the highest growth rate we saw during the quarter in both The Americas, in EMEA and in APJ; so we felt strong about that. Obviously a little bit of that was again say a compare, but to see that pick up in all three field as we saw as a very encouraging sign. Relative to the calendarization, it was a backend loaded quarter as we mentioned similar in total in terms of the calendarization to what we saw in Q1, Q2 of this year obviously with it being a Monday as opposed to a Sunday close. In the prior couple of quarters we’ve planned to kind of get more of the orders in the final week and less on the last Monday, obviously the numbers of all as we got on the last Monday were more than expected were probably -- were less than we would have gotten on if you like a Thursday or Friday of the prior quarters. So those are the factors. In terms of the overall pick up I think what we’re seeing a lot is the strength of our portfolio. Obviously we are doing well. We think relative to the market in all the sectors that we play in. We talked about what was impacting the high end. We feel good about our transition in mid-tier. Then you’ve also got to look in kind of the really exceptional growth we’re getting in that new emerging storage bucket, 66% is I think higher than anybody else out there. Also bare in mind that’s now fairly a large chunk of revenue close to $400 million in the quarter, it's growing at 66%. And the fact we have that break to portfolio is enabling us to go to customers and talk to them about all the different workloads in their business and say we have a portfolio that can actually handle all off of including your second platform apps and your third platform apps. And that story really resonates well with enterprises, it resonates well with service providers and it also resonates well with the cloud scale companies.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Brian. Next question please.
Operator: Next in queue we have Aaron Rakers with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. Going back to the backend loaded linearity in the quarter and for that matter the last three quarters. Can you talk a little bit about the initiatives that you’re putting in place or more recently have put in place to try and diminish that backend loaded quarters which has clearly been an impact on the margin trajectory particularly in the storage business?
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes. So Aaron there are always things that we can do to improve that linearity and we are all over it and specifically I and my team are working this very aggressively. We are going to be facing midweek quarters for a few quarters going forward now less of an issue obviously for Q4 because what I mentioned in terms is not a backlog that we carry but will be, something we're going to look at going into 2014. And the way we're going to address that is a number of different areas one of which is really spending a lot more time with our customers to explain the neutral benefit of getting orders in just a few days before the end of quarter as opposed on the very last day, but we'll continue to work the opportunity.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Aaron. Next question please.
Operator: Next in queue we have Maynard Um with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: Hi. Sort of in line with that, how should we think about working capital in light of the economy and the product launches because if you've had very backend loaded quarters, specifically what can you do on the working capital side in this environment? Should we actually think about a new normal in the various metrics of the cash convergence because of the environment we're in? Thanks.
David I. Goulden: Yes. Maynard, obviously there are a number of things going to working capital, the famous one is our cash convergence cycle and our collections we're really very strong this quarter. We collected over $6 billion and you can see that reflected in our DSOs down to 49 days. So that's the biggest thing we can do for cash convergence cycle. There will continue to be some pressure on inventories as we manage through the quarter and we manage through the transitions. As I've said, we're looking at those opportunities as well. We continue to optimize in terms of how we're building out the factory processes, we continue to optimize our engineering, labs in terms of shared surge [ph] and things like that. So we have continued programs that will be driving very aggressively into business to optimize the working capital cycle. But again I'll come back to my first point collection is the biggest factor.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: I'm just wondering if you changed any of your target metrics or metrics within DSOs or turns or things like that, just given the environment and how we can think about that?
David I. Goulden: Specifically we still are targeting DSOs around that 50-day level, obviously some quarters are a little bit higher, some quarters are a little bit lower. We're still targeting inventory turns in the 6 to 7 range and again we have a lot of promos [ph] in place to make sure we can achieve those. There are still things we can do to optimize in the factories despite the backend loaded quarter and there are some things we can still do to optimize the amount of inventory we keep in our development labs.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: Great, thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Next in queue we have Keith Bachman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Thank you. David, for you please, ending the year based on your 2013 outlook with upper income about 25% which is up about 10 basis points year-over-year, a little bit more than 10 basis points. Can you provide some perspective on how we should be thinking about that number in particular as we're looking at 2014? And then just a clarification, could you also just tell us how much federal government was for set of revenues and for the September quarter? It just seems like a pretty material shortfall, just wondering what it was in the September quarter. Thank you.
David I. Goulden: Sure, Keith. Let me handle both of those. So relative to your second question and obviously the impact of the federal government was most prevalent in storage for our bookings. So when you put it in that context because obviously we do all our things with the federal government including VMware and there are some services lines in there as well, but for the whole year if I look at the federal government it represents less than 5% of storage for our bookings. But as Joe said, Q3 represents a multiple of any other quarter during the year. So obviously it represents a fair amount over the 5% in a Q3 and a fair amount below the 5% in any other quarter, which is kind of where you get the impact you saw in Q3. Relative to your question on the income statement, you're right. We're now projecting to have operating margin improvement in 2013 of about 10 basis points. Obviously that's directly impacted by the less storage program when we were calling a quarter going out as I mentioned has a high incremental gross margin which is why you see the margin profile coming down from 25.5 points to 25 points. Within that margin picture for the year, we expect gross margins to be relatively flat again impacted by the fact that we are – don't have that 220 plus issue of storage for our revenue. We expect to pick up most of our leverage this year from operating margin line. Going forward next year we think there is opportunity for improvements in both lines.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Keith. Next question please.
Operator: Next in queue we have Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach: Yes. Thanks guys for taking the question. David, just thinking about Q4 again and the increase in the sequential growth rate; Q4 from what I can understand is always a very backend loaded quarter, so I was just wondering how you discounted that into your guidance here knowing what just happened in Q3 and maybe how you think about that across different geos [ph], maybe it's going to be less pronounced in the U.S. for whatever reason and you feel more confident about hitting that sequential growth rate, but just any more color on the backend loaded nature and sort of how you base that into your guidance?
David I. Goulden: Yes. Sure, Alex. Again when we look at Q4 and fundamentally we haven't changed it very much at all from what we're calling last time, there has been a very minor change but fundamentally let's say there's no material change. And then to put that into context of what happened in Q3, let me just remind you the fact that the impact just in Q3 are not a factor in Q4 and let me just explain why. So we just explained on the last question, thank you, Keith, for the question that the U.S. federal government is actually a very small part of our Q4 expectations. As Joe said, we're not factoring any kind of budget flush out at the end of the year or any significant revival into our Q4 expectations from what didn't happen in Q3 but there's always some potential. Right now nobody knows what's going on down in Washington relative to federal government spend. The other factor that impacted us in Q3 relative to our expectations was the backlog coming out of Q3. As I mentioned, that's not a factor in Q4 either because we carry higher backlogs going out of Q4. So even if Q4 became more backend loaded and we expected from an order point of view that wouldn't impact us. So basically the things that impacted us in Q3 are not impacting us in Q4 and the reason why we feel confident about our Q4 guidance is when we look at the opportunity out there, we kind of look at what the sales teams are forecasting, the amount of pipeline we're looking at, we look at the venue box cycle, fundamentally we're saying we're broadly on track for Q4 as we expected and the fact that they hurt us in Q3 aren't a material factor. We have, as I mentioned in my comments, brought the Q4 guidance down by a little bit excluding the backlog and it's really related to the macro. If you look at the June, July quarter for example, consensus economic forecast for U.S. GDP growth 1.9%. Now there are about 1.6% and that's having a bit of an impact upon IT spending forecast. And because of that we've taken a little bit of our expectations out of the Q4 budget flush. But having said that we're still expecting a strong budget cycle in Q4, we're expecting IT spending to be seasonally ahead of Q3. So hopefully that gives you a feel, Alex, and those are the factors that go into it.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach: That helps. Thanks, David.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Alex. We have time for one more question and then we'll have some concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Lou Miscioscia with CLSA. Your line is open.
Lou Miscioscia - CLSA: Okay. Joe, you mentioned you're actually getting on a plane, I guess, tomorrow and heading over to China. Maybe if you could comment on how you all are doing out there, some other companies it seems like might have been impacted for a number of reasons and I believe your China business is actually smaller. Has it grown well and then if you could also comment on the possible, I guess, pullback from the government on U.S. IT companies because of security issues, that would be helpful?
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes. We don't break out China separately but we are growing nicely in China. And as David said in our [indiscernible] which is basically our emerging markets group the companies that we track and this is a little bit more than 13 companies, we just started that kind of [indiscernible], we grew 19% year-on-year in Q3. So we're doing quite nicely and China is doing well for us. You asked a comment about the security aspects faced in China and there's nothing really to add there you don't know. I mean obviously there's concerns both ways and I think rational people are having discussions and we got to – it's an opportunity for us with our security business and it's not something I want to specifically comment on.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Lou.
Lou Miscioscia - CLSA: Thank you, Joe.
Joseph M. Tucci: With that, I want to again thank everybody for being with us today. We really do appreciate it. I want to emphasize that we are definitely disappointed that our revenue and non-GAAP EPS didn't meet our expectations. That said, as you can detect from our comments, we’re very excited about our future. As evidenced by the fact that excluding federal, our bookings rate in Q3 accelerated across EMC, Pivotal, VMware and gave us we believe proof that our strategic focus on cloud, Big Data, and trusted IT is right on. I’m blessed to be surrounded by a terrific leadership team. We have more than 61,000 talented, dedicated professionals around the globe that are charged up and deeply believe in our vision and mission. And most importantly, customers are rooting for us. You can feel that when you speak to customers and when I -- as I travel and they’re giving us a broader, more strategic seat at their IT table. So again thank you for being with us today and we look forward to continuing our dialogues with you on an ongoing basis and we’ll be with you. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - Vice President, IR David I. Goulden - President and COO Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Lou Miscioscia - CLSA Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Brian Marshall - ISI Group Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen only mode till the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations at EMC. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2013. Today, we are joined by EMC's Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci and David Goulden, EMC President and COO. David will begin with a few comments on our results and provide a bit more detail and color around the factors contributing to those results. He will also discuss our outlook for the year 2013. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT and the progress EMC is making with its vision and strategy.  After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Today, we are providing you with important new schedules that will help you understand the operations and results of the EMC Information Infrastructure business, VMware and Pivotal individually and in the context of the consolidated results. Within these schedules, you will find six quarters of results for each of these three businesses including revenues, gross margin and operating margin. This information is key to better understanding the dynamics of our business and reflects how we will be discussing our results this quarter and moving forward. The full schedules are available for download on the EMC IR website and the summary data is included within our slides today.  We are providing you with our updated projected financial model for 2013. This model lays out all the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your model. This model is available as background in today’s slides available for download in the IR sections of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today’s press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David? 
David I. Goulden: Thanks Tony. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. We’re making some improvements to the format of our conference call. We’re reordering our prepared remarks to include our overall results and financial position first. We’ll then discuss the progress of the three businesses that comprise the EMC Federation and end up with an update of our go-to-market model and our outlook. As you know, we have comprehensive disclosures with extensive detail on the many aspects of our business available with our release in the slide presented and on the web. We already cover all these in our prepared remarks, we’ll spend more time on the primary results of our business and various puts and takes within the results, while still leaving ample time for your question. We think this approach will give you a better understanding of the major drivers of our business today, as well as those expect will be big drivers overtime. Overall, our solid top and bottom line performance in Q2 continue to demonstrate the soundness of our strategy, importance of our federated business model, and the focus and dedication of an EMC team globally. In addition to delivering a solid quarter, during the last three months, we formed Pivotal, including investors from GE, we announced a new capital allocation strategy which includes dividend and we completed a $5.5 billion debt offering, so very busy quarter. I want to extent my thanks to the entire EMC, VMware and Pivotal teams. We achieved year-on-year revenue growth in the quarter of 6% to $5.6 billion, results of continued steady growth from our Information Infrastructure business, double-digit growth from Pivotal and accelerating growth from VMware. All four of our major geographies grew as well, with North America up 4%, EMEA up 6%, APJ up 12% and Latin America up 12% from last years second quarter. Our BRIC+13 markets grew 18%, the result of our focus and investments within these faster growing markets. With the increase volume from Q1, consolidated gross margins improved nicely by 120 basis points sequentially to 64.3% and were down 10 basis points year-on-year. If we exclude the one-time positive $9 million impact from the RSA charge reversal in Q2 last year, consolidated gross margins were up slightly year-on-year. I think you’ll find the informative to look at the year-on-year gross margin performance of different parts of the business. Within EMC II storage products gross margin came back to last year’s levels, helped by ongoing mix shift but pressured by another backend loaded quarter. Storage gross margin were down 30 basis points year-on-year due to higher service costs. EMC II gross margin were also impacted by the RSA charge reversal in Q2 2012 I just mentioned. Consolidated gross margin benefited from improved margins and increase mix from VMware. Going forward we continue to expect consolidated gross margins to improve quarter-on-quarter for the rest of the year, so better in the second half than in the first half, and we continue to expect consolidated operating leverage for the full year will come from both gross margin and operating efficiency improvements. Good cost controls and spending discipline held operating expenses in check and non-GAAP operating margin improved by 20 basis points from Q2 ’12. The increase investment supporting the build out of VMware’s capabilities around software defined data center, DCHS and end-user computing were balanced by major spending in the Information Infrastructure business. We invested resource in several growth initiatives in the EMC II business such as XtremIO and ViPR, and also in Pivotal as lay the foundation for rapid expansion over the next few years. These investments notwithstanding we were able to expand operating margins in the second quarter last year and grow non-GAAP earnings per share 8% to $0.42. First half free cash flow was $2.3 billion, approximately $500 million higher than non-GAAP net income. We remain on track to deliver $5.5 billion of free cash flow for the year. We finished Q2 with $17.6 billion in cash and investments. This balance reflects the $5.5 billion debt offering we completed in Q2. We purchased $700 million worth of EMC stock in Q2 bringing by our buyback to $1 billion for the first half of the year. This leaves $2.5 billion of buyback to go by June 30, 2014 to meet our 18-month goal. The EMC [ex-VMware] U.S. cash balance at quarter end was a little over $9 billion, over the next 12 month we committed about $5 billion of this to debt repayment, dividends and buybacks. This is part of the larger capital allocation strategy we announced quarter, which includes repurchase of $6 billion of EMC shares over the three years ending December 2015, as well as the initiation of $0.10 per share quarterly dividend. We’re pleased to have paid our very first dividend just yesterday. Over time we expect to direct about 25% to 30% of our free cash flow ex-VMware to buybacks and about 20% to 25% to dividends. This framework allows the expansion of our cash returns to shareholders in sync with the growth of our ex-VMware free cash flow.  In summary, the net effect of gross and operating margin changes on EPS was positive. Various non-operating items such as tax rate and minority interest in the quarter were where we expect them to be. Noted increase to non-operating expense, including incremental interest expense related to our debt offering was roughly offset by the reduced share counts primarily stemming from our expanded share buyback. In Q3, the interest expense fees associated with our debt offering will be about $35 million pre-tax in non-operating expense. The net results of always moving parts in the quarter was an incremental $0.03 per share on a non-GAAP EPS. David will demonstrate our ability to make required investments for our success tomorrow while still delivering returns today. Our ability to deliver on the triple play to gain market share, reinvest for the future and deliver leverage has been strengthened by our federated structure. By dividing the strategy and executional focus between EMC II, VMware and Pivotal, we’re better able to focus each entity on their respective missions and set them up to succeed. Very importantly, this approach offers our customers horizontal solutions and more choice than they get from others. It’s a unique business model that leaves each of the businesses free to build the products, go-to-market capabilities and ecosystems necessary to win and because the three share the same ultimate goal for customers, leveraging cloud, big data and trusted IT to maximize control efficiency and choice, their missions are clearly aligned. This is a powerful combination for customers. The federation also represents a portfolio of growth businesses that is well equipped for the industry transition to IT as a service. This approach captures the solid opportunities and growth of EMC’s Information Infrastructure business, the faster growing revenues of VMware as it executes on its focused strategy and the opportunity for hyper growth through Pivotal and its play in big and faster data.  Looking at each of these in turn, starting with our Information Infrastructure business, we continue to delight our customers and win new ones with our market leading storage portfolio. Storage revenue growth accelerates to 4% in Q2 driven by faster product revenue growth. Our high-end storage continued to show good growth and share gains. VMAX features are clearly relevance to a broader set of customers than we have traditionally served. Over three quarter of VMAX systems revenue in the quarter came from the 10K and the 40K and VMAX continues to add net new customers at EMC.  Growth in our Unified and Backup and Recovery portfolio improved from Q1. As expected, performance of our unified storage business was similar to last quarter. Our unified business was affected by the broad customer anticipation of the next generation VNX which is on track for major launch this quarter. We are confident customers and partners will be very pleased with capabilities, so stay tuned here. The improvement in growth was driven by our Backup and Recovery Systems business which grew considerably faster in Q2 than Q1. As the largest data protection company in the world, EMC is creating new standards in this space and transforming backup so customers can better respond to the demand of their rapidly growing application and data environments. We laid the foundation for this with our protection storage architecture announcement two weeks ago and our brand new line of Data Domain products and new capabilities for our data protection suites, including better integration with applications, primary storage and optimization for VMware environments, means even greater scale for performance and integration than ever and represents a significant step toward delivering a full protection storage architecture. Our emerging storage business grew a very healthy 39% in Q2 due to strong customer demand for our differentiated solutions, including Isilon, VPLEX, [IOPS] and our Xtrem flash products. These new technologies meet customers’ emerging needs as we build out their cloud embedded environments. VPLEX for instance is winning us new customers with capability that it alone is able to deliver, continuous operations for mission critical workloads over distance, in other words, full infrastructure utilization with zero downtime. Isilon scale-out NAS architecture delivers an unmatched combination of performance and efficiency that make increasingly thoughtful for web-scale applications. In fact, iPhone has delivered almost 85 petabyte of capacity for single web-scale customer this year demonstrating the value its scale architecture can deliver. iPhones stability verticals outside its traditional customer base is also gaining recognition. Revenue from FAST servers is doubling year-on-year in Q2. iPhones growth over the past year has been truly remarkable. In the first six months of this year, iPhones ships over half an exabyte. Growth of Atmos also contributed meaningfully to emerging storage groups, strong growth in the quarter. More customers are seeking the globally distributed object based file storage that Atmos delivers and we’re seeing good adoption. With the need for high performance in phase of massive data sets, more customers are implementing XtremSF Flash technology in the server environments. Improving the availability of server based storage, it is important to optimize this underlying infrastructure which is why we acquired ScaleIO early this month. ScaleIO software which pool server storage across virtualize in physical environments will enable customers to build protected shared storage pools from whatever form factor exist in the server with SSDs, PCIe flash or hard disk drives. ScaleIO will become a key part of our Xtrem software suites. The direct availability program of our all-Flash array XtremIO is exceeding our expectations and dozens of customers are now participating. Several customers have moved beyond the testing phase and have deployed XtremIO for their production environments. We’re encouraged by this positive customer reaction. Our rigorous test in QA program is progressing and XtremIO is on track to GA before the end of the year. The growth in Q2 of each of our major storage portfolios underscores our conviction, the different storage technology required to meet the need of different workloads. Some like transaction processing require high levels of performance under advanced data management services. Some like social media apps require minimum service levels that may need high performance levels while others on my archiving for instance may require capacity more than they do service or performance. At EMC, we have laid the folks while having the best-in-class solution across the spectrum and we are marketing technology across the board, we continue to gain share. Our software defined storage platform, ViPR, which we announced in May adds further value to customer’s existing storage investments from EMC and from others. The ViPR controller allowed our diverse set of storage arrays to be managed in a standard and automated way. And the automation device controls provides, drives down IT cost and improves reliability. We also recognized that the way next generation applications will be developed is different from the way the most traditional apps have been architected. And ViPR provides a set of data services including object and HDFS to allow for developments of the next generation, Big and FAST data applications including applications build using pivotal technologies. The beauty of the ViPR architecture is that the control and data services will work with existing EMC arrays, third-party arrays and commodity storage, providing investment protection, flexibility and choice for our customers. The Early Adopter program that is underway for ViPR is in its final round and we’re on track to GA later this year. Customers in the Early Adopter program are very happy that ViPR is delivering points to simplify managements. They are telling us they like how easy it is to deploy and how easy it is to use. They like that it works in heterogeneous environment. In fact, the advantage is all investments they’ve made in storage infrastructure and they like the vision. ViPR solved the problems they have today and provide them a path to the future. Just as ViPR is an enabling technology for next generation in Cloud-based architectures so to is security. The agile intelligence security technology offered by RSA helps give organization the confidence from growing strengths towards mobile, social and cloud. Overall, RSA revenue grew 3% in Q2 year-on-year. Our security analytic suites and compliance offerings show good growth. But the overall growth was impacted by two factors in identity and data protection. The first was our focus on customer migration, more than custom acquisition for our new highly claimed authentication manager 8.0 release. The second was due to timing of some large deals. We expect stronger performance from our identity and data protection offerings in the second half. The growth of web-based applications, cloud architectures and mobile computing driving a transformation of authentication and identity management. RSA has recognized this trend and is investing in next generation authentication and identity access managements. The acquisition of Aveksa, a leader in identity and access governance, is a major step in that direction. And with the addition of Aveksa technology to our existing strong authentication portfolio, RSA can develop access governance for risk and activity based authentication and authorization. The result for customers is a more effective way to manage access to the business as the line of business owning the data rather than IT is given the power to make access decisions within the controls, processes and policies defined by information security.  Our Information Intelligence business continues to make progress and it’s transitioned to more cloud friendly offerings and vertical based solutions. While total future revenue was in line with comparable period last year, we saw a good growth for our new initiatives. Syncplicity was once again ahead of plan and earlier this month was positioned as the leader in the most recent Forrester report on file sink and share platforms.  The strong results VMware achieved this quarter speak the strategic position it holds in customers and partners data centers. The broad success we’re achieving across the three strategic pillars of software defined data center, hybrid cloud and end user computing is due in part to customer designs to undertake these initiatives with an existing trusted virtualization partner. VMWare consistently garnered the highest marks in customer satisfaction and net promoter scores and with over 500,000 customers using VMWare to run almost 40 million virtual machines this ability to delight customers is meaningful.  With an ever growing portion of license bookings coming from (inaudible) on standalone vSphere such as vCloud Suite, vSphere with operations management, the management and automation and end user computing is clear that VMWare’s expansion beyond several virtualization has gaining traction. VMWare’s recent launch of vCloud Hybrid Services furthers the opportunity for growth. The ability to see seamlessly extent private cloud to public cloud with vSphere as a foundation is very encouraging to customers and as a result we’ve seen strong interest in the early access program. While early and still maturing, OpenStack is the framework for customers to construct their own clouds, VMWare is expanding its market opportunity and so a good growth from these customers with its best in class components integrating into this framework. In particular, VMWare’s network virtualization platform is the leading software solution for OpenStack networking. All this has of for fantastic opportunity has for VMWare and its customers and with a line share of early renewal opportunity in the second half and with an exciting set of announcement planned for VMWorld, VMWare is highly energized and well positioned for the acceleration revenue growth we expect to achieve in the second half.  Pivotal made very good progress since its formal launch with a new company within the EMC family and with a significant investment from GE. The Pivotal team is building a new platform comprising next generation data fabrics, application fabrics and a cloud independent path layer. Pivotal announced during the quarter to the version of this platform for next generation big and fast data applications called Pivotal 1 will be launched before year end. Customer interest in Pivotal remains intense and we’re also actively engaging ours in the industry, in fact this morning Pivotal IBM for our press release on the work that they’ve been doing with Cloud family and the intention to work together to expand the ecosystem. Pivotal’s existing prox such as the Greenplum Database and the GemFire in memory data grid continues to score significant design wins particularly in the telecommunications, rental services, eCommerce and healthcare spaces. These factors all board well for Pivotal’s future growth. As we explained in our strategic forum 2013 will be a year of transition for Pivotal and we continue to expect revenues of about $300 million this year as we position Pivotal for rapid growth in 2014 and beyond. As we’ve been building the federation and adding assets to strengthen the offerings across our businesses, we’ve also been developing our go-to-market model to enable customers to get the full value from these offerings in their preferred way. The work we’ve done with would converge infrastructures and recons architecture is clearly paying off. As IT headcount is growing at a fraction of the pace of data and as we demand from the data center, customers are looking for simple and scalable ways to build our IT-as-a-service and both Vblock and VSPEX meet these needs. Customers wanting a complete plug-and-play Cloud in a box leveraging best of breed technology from VMware, Cisco and EMC favor a Vblock from VCE. VCE has an excellent quarter as demand for Vblocks grew more than 50% year-on-year with roughly half the orders coming from repeat customers and the balance from brand new accounts just getting started with Vblocks. We are seeing initial Vblock purchases by new customers growing in size and in a number of systems as converged infrastructure becomes a more accepted paradigm because of this. There is a good mix of service providers and Enterprise Data Center implementations as a value proposition of the Vblock converged architecture is strong for both. Customers seeking more flexibility with referenced architecture look to VSPEX and more and more are doing just that. VSPEX is a resounding success with over 3,600 VSPEX systems sold since just last April. In other words, in less than half the time we have more systems been sold than another less flexible referenced architectures been on the market for several years. The programs makes it easy for partners to sell EMC and with over a further of total VSPEX systems sold coming in Q2 alone which is clearly gaining momentum. The EMC Cloud Search provides a partner program continue to expand in Q2 with more partners added in the period and dozens more approved in being onboard. Revenue growth once again exceeded 40% over Q2 of last year with strength across all our major GAs. Our service provider partner program is a great example of the value EMC brings to table when it comes to IT as a service and service providers continues to be our fastest growing vertical market segments. With these different choices to customers, the backing of world class services, tight integration with VMware and link to brand new possibilities through pivotal, EMC helps organizations transform confidently towards IT as a service. When you look across our company, the technologies that we offer is powerful when connected together. It’s also powerful because it is horizontal and it is build to provide the choice that is one of our fundamental value propositions. We are confident that as customers continue to modernize their IT by leveraging their application infrastructures they have in place today and building out new platforms for future, EMC will be a key partner. Looking towards the second half with the recent launch of our new Data Domain line, major launch is ahead of us for VNX, ViPR and XtremIO, an increasing momentum from VMware, we are reaffirming our expectations for 2013, namely that we expect EMC revenues to grow 8% to $23.5 billion. Non-GAAP EPS to grow 9% to $1.85 per share and free cash flow to grow by 10% to $5.5 billion. Our robust product roadmaps, the success we are seeing across our go-to-market initiatives and the positive response from customers for our market leading technology have us very energized and highly focused on seeing the opportunities that lie ahead. With that I will turn it over to Joe. Joe?
Joseph Tucci: Thank you, David. I would like to welcome everyone to today's conference call. Thank you for joining us. Overall, I am very pleased with our Q3 results and our execution. Especially so, given the uncertainties that still exist in the global economy and the resultant continued tightness that exists in macro IT spending. This IT spending time has exhibited itself once again in a very back-end loaded quarter. As in the past several quarters, customers are being very cautious with their IT spend and are subjecting potential IT purchase orders to more scrutiny, tougher ROI hurdles and in many cases requiring a higher level of executive examination resulting in elongated approval processes. The good news for EMC is that we expect this phenomena and as such, we have been in higher inventory levels put additional resources in our factories and in our order support and we had the feel preconfigured hardware. Thus we’re able to manage through a quite late Q2. The bad news is that these processes are less sufficient, more costly and thus hurt our gross and operating margins. That said, and again I repeat, I believe we performed very well especially when one compares our organic growth profiles to that of our peers. I am very proud that approximately 60,000 talented people for EMC VMware and Pivotal. I would like to probably thank them for their hard work and dedication they exhibit everyday. I would now like to give you a little more color on the quarter. On a geographic basis, we experienced 4% growth in North America, 6% growth in EMEA, 12% growth in both Latin American and APJ with growth in Asia Pacific excluding Japan at 18%. Japan grew at 6% on a constant currency basis and they exhibited 18% growth in your BRIC+13 countries.  Looking at our year-on-year Q2 results from a vertical market perspective, we saw a straight and high growth with our service providers and in healthcare. We had good growth in a public sector markets including our U.S. Federal business. Our business with financial service in Pivotal was flattish within that banking was weaker.  As we look into the balance of 2013 and we still believe IT spending growth for the full year to be in a 3% range. Against this 3% we continue to expect our topline to grow 8% this year, while producing some leverage target on non-GAAP EPS to grow by 9% and grow free cash flow by 10%. Our confidence of 2013 stems from our belief in our ability to accelerate growth in the second half of this year. Our confidence/ability is underpin by our winning cloud, Big Data and trusted IT strategy, by our unique innovative federation model under which we assure our cloud Big Data and trusted IT strategies are fully aligned among EMCII, VMware and Pivotal, but that each entity is laser focused on a set of clear defined missions given each of them the charter to build the products, go-to-market capabilities, and ecosystem necessary to win. To refresh your memory, Pivotal is focused on building a platform for new cloud, Big Data and fast data applications. VMware is focused on building a software defined data center that will cover private, public and hybrid clouds and on solving the demands for end-user device management, automation and security in the PC era. And EMCII is focused on providing information storage of protection, information security and information intelligence for existing and new cloud and Big Data infrastructures. EMCII’s new and existing initiatives are out Flash, scale-out NAS, Atmos, WIPER, and HDFS position as well to capture these new opportunities.  And the best news is that come from interest in and receptivity off these strategies on our federation model is very high. Additionally, and very importantly, it will give us confidence on our ability to accelerate our growth in the second half of 2013 and achieve our goals as a strong product portfolio of exiting products which we will launch over the next few months.  Again, thank you very much for being with us today. And I would now like to turn it back to Tony, to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call. Tony?
Tony Takazawa : Thanks, Joe. Before we open the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarification. Thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Kevin, can we open up the line for the first question please.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Yes, sir. Our first question today comes from Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray:  Good morning. Congrats on nice quarter. You guys are seeing a broad strength across here in clear portfolio including the high end, the midrange, and backup. Like, I was just wondering, are there any wins or color that you can provide that you can provide to support the notion that EMC is displacing the competition that’s in the large enterprise and service provider customers leveraging the comprehensive nature of your portfolio? Thanks.
David I. Goulden:  Andrew, let me start. This is Joe, I’ll had some color. First of all, we absolutely believe that we are taking share. So you look at us again in the industry we’re doing very well, you mentioned all those segments. I gave you a little bit of color in my commentary about, for example, Web Scale customer that has purchased 85 terabytes of Isilon so far, this year obviously a very major investment on their behalf and a key customer for us.  I’ll also cross on major customers and we’re in the middle of significant roll out via all those key technologies. Obviously, as all the customers preferred to not go public with those statements so I can guarantee you that the number of big wins that we are seeing is definitely increasing as you’ve mentioned across the portfolio, no just enterprises, but also SPs and also by geography we’re in a pretty strong position right now.
Unidentified Speaker: I think, you covered it well David, I mean, you got to look at applications, there are applications that need tremendous functionality, high functionality. There are applications which need storage to have great performance. There are applications which need storage to have just great capacity and low cost. So basically if you look at that, you kind of come out with four quadrants and we’re the only ones out that I know that are building significant products for all four quadrants and building the ecosystem and the set of technologies out of WIPER, out of Flash, to pull those four quadrants of technologies together. And that’s the winning formula.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray:  Great. Keep up the good work.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thanks. A question for David and one for Joe. David, on the gross margins, if I look at the Information Storage business, ex-Pivotal, it looks like year-on-year in the first half gross margins have been actually slightly down. I am just wondering that I just previously had the view that you could gain share and expand gross margins in that segment, given high-end, mid-end and mix higher software touch. How we perhaps can you tell at that point and maybe from (inaudible) much more ahead or can you speak about some of the dynamics around why that may continue? And then for Joe, various kinds of last year you mentioned that people maybe under investing on the storage side given the level of data growth. And just the reacceleration in growth this quarter and maybe present any collection and we’re going to see some of that on the spending come through and revenues for you guys over the next 12 months. So how do you -- how confident do you feel about that? Many thanks.
David I. Goulden: All right. Kulbinder thanks. Let me start. Obviously, we’ve given you a fair amount of color on what’s happening in gross margins. I think it’s important to actually look, not just at infrastructure but with the detail we given you in the software management schedules. We’ve announced any directionality by quarter what’s happening in information storage, information intelligence and RSA security. So the biggest factor I think we’re focusing upon is what’s happening in Information Storage. And as we’ve mentioned in Q1, we saw some pressure on the product gross margins due to just revenue growth and also the timing of quarter end. The good news is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this quarter Information Storage product gross margins came back to what exactly where they were last year which is a good thing, because we have positive impact from mix but we still have the pressures that we have in Q1 related to a late quarter. So I feel good about that trend and this quarter within Information Storage, we saw some build up in service cost that brought our overall Information Storage segment down a little bit. So the good news is the Information Storage product margins bounce back. We saw positive mix and we still see the opportunity for mix improvements going forward. We do expect to see margins improve sequentially throughout the year, both in total and in information infrastructure and in Information Storage. The other thing that happened this quarter that I mentioned in a couple different places is if you look at the RSA segments, you’ll see that this quarter year-on-year, it looks that gross margins are down a fair amount and that’s due to the effect of last Q2 of the $9 million charge reversal as we closed out issues related to the breach. So we’ve given you a lot more information to dig into it. And so we’ll give you more color upon each segment as we go through the year.
Joseph Tucci: Yeah. I think Kulbinder you are asking me more of an industry general than EMC specific in storage and I’ll answer that way. If that’s wrong, come on back. (Inaudible) now is that what you are after?
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Yeah. Basically, I am trying to understand, Joe, that there is a perception out there and we have this as well but there is an under investment happening in storage just given the data growth. It has decelerated the entire industry and for you guys as well. And I am wondering that you guys have sense with the inflection growth you saw this quarter in your business and just the level of under investment that may have happened. Maybe people have to do an element, let’s saying casual spending as we saw in ‘09 and ‘10, we know that stage in the industry and budgets, that is going to remain tight for some time?
Joseph Tucci: Sure. I think there’s two ways to look at it. And I’ll give you both ways. First of all, I absolutely believe that the economy and the slow growth IT spend overall is the biggest impact and especially when you look at what’s happening in portions of India and Japan. For sure, we also see customers elongating their upgrades like they are keeping their hardware longer and trying to get more value out of it that way. Also, the industry has produced a tremendous amount of technology for efficiency and optimization of storage, things like thin provisioning, the deduplication, compression of data, advanced technology, fully automated storage sharing. All these things are helping get tremendous more value. The advent of flash helps a lot too because you can, again if we take flash and fast that that really helps customers a lot get both efficiency and optimization of storage. So there is a lot happening there and of course that will -- the basic information is going to grow over time. If you look at the environment itself, I think it will be similar to what we saw but I do expect you’ll see a slight pickup in just aggregate storage. You also got easier year-on-year comparison for the industry as we’re going through second half. If you take IT growth in general in the first half, I’ll just take easy numbers, positive IT spending in ’12. In the first half of ‘12, it was over 3%. And I’m quite positive that IT spending overall in the second half of ‘12 was under 2%. I’m sure the people that gave you more precise number specific. So obviously we’re facing – the industry is facing easier comparison, so is EMC. And then, of course, when we look at ourselves, I think will help or propel some of our growth as our product cycle and exciting new announcements we have scheduled.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
David I. Goulden: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, thank you for taking the question. I guess, Joe, building on that last comment about product cycles and in particularly focusing on the upcoming VNX refresh, as you look at the second half set up in terms of the absolute increase in revenue, how would you characterize this refresh and the ability to reaccelerate that mid-ranged growth range relative to what historically had been talked about as being kind of a double digit growth rate. How meaningful architecturally is this refresh to you guys in the back half of the year?
Joseph M. Tucci: I think it’s definitely meaningful. Let me – because David runs that business. Let me let him comment and I’ll add a little color at the end.
David I. Goulden: Yeah, Joe thank you. So we had a couple of upbeats going on this year, both of which are helpful. So in the first half, you’ve seen that we’ve had a strong product cycle coming from 2012 into 2013 in the high end and that’s given as strong growth rates in the high end relative to our long term trends, which has helps us in the first half. Obviously, in the second half, that’s now we are well beyond the year after that major launch. So that will start to tilt a little bit. And then, to your point in replacement of that, we’ve got the product cycles coming in mid-tier category obviously from a revenue point of view, the Data Domain platforms that we have just launched would be available for the entire second half and the to-be-launched VNX that will be available for a less in the entire second half a little bit over four months. So those are going to kind of ramp up as the high end and ramps down. The other thing I’ll point out to you relative to acceleration is, you’ve also got another thing going on, which is the year-on-year compare that, Joe, mentioned earlier. We expect it and we still expect this year to progress normally sequentially in terms of the contribution for the first half and the second half. So if you look back over time, we typically do 47% of our revenue in the first half of 53 and in the second half. And if you look at actually what we achieved in the first half, it’s exactly 47% of our goal of $23.5 billion. So you’ve got these product cycles happening and they do offset each other a little bit and clearly very important for the second half as to make sure they mid-tier product cycles kick in. Then on top of that we’ve got things like Viper and XtremIO. But totally, if you look at the year, it’s actually quite balance in terms of the sequential progression. So I hope that gives you a little bit of color about those different factors.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks.
David I. Goulden: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shebly Seyrafi with FBN Securities. Your line is open.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities: Yeah, so thank you very much. So for you Pivotal segment, it had a deceleration to 11% from 57% at Q1. Can you talk about your growth expectations in that segment going forward? And separately, can you talk about the riskier areas to a lot of industries; China, Europe and Federal, you did well in all three last quarter. But what’s your expectation going forward in the second half? Thanks.
Joseph M. Tucci: I’ll take the Pivotal and I’ll give it to David on the China, Europe and Federal.  First of all, I want to say that Pivotal is performing so close to their plan. It’s unbelievable. If you’re internally, it almost look like we – the plan and the actual, it’s almost the same. So we’re very pleased with the way Pivotal is progressing. This is a positioning here for Pivotal. This is a big investment year for Pivotal. The big thing from the product point of view is to get this Pivotal One platform out and we’re focused on that, a big, big milestone for Pivotal as we’re watching. And I can tell you, I’m incredibly pleased with this one, is are we getting the light house wins and the big accounts across the set of industries which we think are important and I could tell you we are in space. PS margins are very low, dragging it down. The reason there is we’re building up like crazy, right. So PS margins – you can always put a technologist in, but then it takes you a while to get revenue out off the other end. But we’re over staffing and building the talent because that’s how we’re going to win. And again, while the future will be a cloud based platform, we still sell a lot of appliances today. We’re exceeding the markets whereas appliances are low. So really, the Pivotal growth last quarter was exceedingly good – this slowdown. I think you’re going to look at it the whole year and we told you we expect that to be a little bit over $300 million for the year, that’s I believe that’s where it’s going to come in. But the more important things, are we going to get out Pivotal I, are we going to get those lighthouse win, are we going to build the team to win and the answer is yes, yes and yes. And I think as David mentioned, IBM joining CloudFoundry. I think is really, really positive for the industry and that will expand the CloudFoundry ecosystem contributing to -- contribute technology and plan to use the CloudFoundry in their own application development there. So, Pivotal is, I couldn’t be more pleased with Pivotal, I really couldn’t. So it’s the way we set the plan, not from maximum revenue growth there but to get those things I just talked about [Dan]. Do you want to talk about China and Europe and federal, David?
David I. Goulden: Yeah. Sure. As always, we are not going to give you guidance for specific regions but I would tell you that, obviously the third quarter, basically a strong quarter for federal, I think the first year end despite the pressure there, we do expect to see decent success in federal this quarter. China is relative underweight for us compared to perhaps some of the bigger players in the industry, so we are more impacted by our ability to gain share, obviously the macro impact of was a little bit but it still a region is growing, one of the fastest amongst, they will. And Europe, we saw some bright spots this quarter. We saw a growth in Europe. We saw it was accelerated from Q1. We saw improvements relative to Q1 in U.K, Germany and Eastern Europe. So those are all markets that bode well for us for the balance of the year. So I don’t want to get tide down to specific guidance numbers like data. But I do think we are going to continue to be fairly balance as we go throughout the rest of the year.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Can we hold it to one question, please moving forward?
Joseph Tucci: You are setting Tony.
Tony Takazawa: Don’t make me make you pick one. So, next question.
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Brian Marshall with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Great. Thanks. Here comes one question. Yeah. We’ve been monitoring the SPF (inaudible) fund storage space for quite sometime. I think the acquisition of [CLIO] is pretty interesting. But I think the only product that you guys currently offer from a decoupling standpoint of software, from hardware is Atmos? Can you talk a little bit about what the customer traction is with this strategy of decoupling and what are you just Atmos software, and perhaps what are the issues from a qualification, the maintenance, the service perspective, if you can give any color there that would be great? Thanks.
David I. Goulden: Yeah, Brian. Sure. I mean, first of all, before I answer the question specifically, I just want to go back to the workload chart that we showed earlier on, because workload are very important, after all storage systems, in fact all IT infrastructure exist to support workloads. We’ve got to understand where the software defines storage or the decoupling as you say is going through potential play, not going to play of transaction mission critical workload because of the time integration people need and support environment and data services, while we do see it playing is in some of the new applications are potentially server-base or scale out environments like Atmos. So to answer your question about Atmos, its quite interesting for us, I think quite insightful. We do offer and have offered Atmos all either a software bases or basically buying, we called HAWQ hardware which is basically very dense commoditized package of hardware from EMC. And we give customers the choice and we’ll give not choice on scale, we’ll give not choice with ViPR data services and we also have things like VPLEX available as a software-only solution as well. So it’s not just an Atmos so the longest experience is with Atmos. Basically thing is in the vast majority of cases, I’d say in the vast combination cases, customers choose to buy the both parts of the solution from us, because they want the support, they want the integration, they want the qualification that we do. Now some customers do go and buy their own and choose rates upon hardware they put together and obviously we support them the best we can, we have well published ATI’s, et cetera to communicate between those two ways. But our experience is so far, that given the choice most customers would like to buy the two together.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Brian. Next question, please.
Operator: Next we have Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Thanks and maybe its one question with two parts.
Joseph Tucci: Thanks.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: And both focus on the gross margin side. Can you talk about the gross margin in Pivotal longer term, where do you see that converging to because it seems like there is a lot of volatility there? I assume just by adding the pieces moved around but maybe if you can help us think about the longer term perspective? And second David regarding your comments on the sequential improvement in gross margin in the storage business, just considering the headwinds that you had on gross margin this quarter with the extra cost that you had to incur during the backend loaded quarter. Should we interpret that commentary to mean that the VNX introduction is actually going to be very early in this quarter, meaning you know that you have that problem this quarter?
David I. Goulden: Okay, let me take the two parts. So Pivotal gross margin I think as you correctly say, they’re all over the place and they will be that way as we move through 2013. We’re repositioning a lot of the resource. We have 1250 people roughly came in Pivotal where a few more are hired in that. We’re building out a strong professional services and capability. Obviously we’re not fully utilizing all those people, so the gross margin’s there. I don’t know what they will be when the business ramps up to scale. From a product point of view there’s a lot of integration and positioning, so we are selling a number of things like Greenplum and GemFire. But a number of the other products that are coming in are being repositioned. So you really shouldn’t read too much into any particular line item on Pivotal this year. We’re on track for 300 plus a little bit of revenue. And as we get Pivotal One to market which is more of a combined IP platform, we go into 2014, you’ll see a higher mix of the revenues coming from licensing and IP and also we’ll hopefully see ourselves getting better utilization on those services. So those are the things to look out from Pivotal. But I think you’ll drive yourself crazy if you try to understand in 2013 what’s going on, on a particular line item. As Joe said we’re on track. We have a business plan with Pivotal which requires about $400 million of P&L investment up through breakeven and we’re on track within very, very close measure on that. On storage yes, we are pleased as I mentioned with a sequential increase in margin in storage; in particular, in storage product margins. I would say that obviously as you correctly pointed out, some of the buildup in inventory at quarter end was to do with just managing through a backend quarter. Others were related through due to getting ready the launch the new platforms and VNX will be available this quarter. It won't be available for the entire quarter, but will be available this quarter and I expect a major launch and some of you may have already picked up. We’ve already started some of the partner training and internal training around the new VNX launch.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: (inaudible) 
David I. Goulden: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. We have Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital, your line is open.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Good morning guys. Could you maybe just talk about if you’re starting to public cloud options like AWS and Microsoft as you’re in the field from a competition perspective and then so maybe if you can just talk about what sort of workloads are they typically going to win and is that competition relegated more or less to the SMB (inaudible) are you seeing that enclosing the large enterprise? Thank you.
Joseph M. Tucci: I’ll start and David could give it color. You see it across version SMB in a larger -- primarily they’re doing things a lot. We call them shadow ID. They’re doing a lot in say, areas like development. We think – our approach that we’ve launched VMware called the VCHS, the Virtual Cloud Hybrid Services, it’s being well received by customers. Of course on the Pivotal layer, we’ve taken approach to be cloud agnostic. So it’s obviously a trend, the cloud is going to be a big trend. We believe that read both public and private and the winning is going to be choice and hybrid clouds and we think we’re well positioned and driving a lot of the change in this industry. Yeah within the storage business specifically, the service provider segment, people who are putting up business class clouds, , obviously a different sort of bells and many cases, different price points when I was in and -- it’s our fastest growing segments. We believe that customers are going to want a range of cloud capabilities that will be with a small handful of cloud players who choose to roll their own, but a lot of the others, in fact the vast majority of players out overtime, they’re going to want to partner with technology companies with sum some of all their stacks. So we’re very encouraged by how quickly that follow-up isn’t just growing right now. 
Operator:  Next we have Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee. Your line is open. 
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee: Yeah. Thanks, guys, for taking the question. Just a follow up on that last question about the service provider business; last night, BMR sort of talked about strong growth in bookings from the service provider program. Can you give us any more detail about contribution to the overall business, the core business around service provider and how do you think about, from a field perspective the shift between between an EMC rep selling a service provider often on service versus selling the product directly on premise and sort of how you weigh that in the field?
David I Goulden: Sure Alex. Relative to the second question for our partners who are part of our official service provider program, different class of silver, diamond and platinum. Performance in that program, we actually have our field in center to be essentially neutral whether the equipment is sold on-premises or via NSP. So we have a program in place obviously, we need to like no one SP is selling but if it’s in our partner program than the field is come to neutral which is very important because we don’t want to be competing against RSPs with the capital sales the way the customer wants to go. In terms of the FT business, as I mentioned, our fast-growing vertical again is over 40% growth in the quarter. It was 44% growth in Q1 as well. And it is not in our top three verticals yet but it’s rising up the important stack rapidly.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lou Miscioscia with CLSA. Your line is open.
Lou Miscioscia - CLSA: Okay. Thank you. You said some very interesting products coming out in the Flash side. I though XtremIO is going to be available in the third quarter. But I thought your comment this morning was that by year-end and I know it’s out with direct availability. Maybe you could just talk about bad debt and also on the server side, PCIe Flash is also extremely interesting. Maybe you’ve also have some beta testing there. If you could give us some update on both sides. That would be very helpful? Thank you.
David I. Goulden: Lou, certainly. XtremeSF, the server side flash is actually shipping. And we are very pleased with how that has moved forward. What we’re seeing right now for used case point of view is much more customers are using in a caching environment and they are in a primary storage environments but with the addition of ScaleIO software provider with additional data services, we do see some additional opportunities are opening up for us in the server storage, the primary storage world. But today most of the PCIe’s XtremSF is being sold without storage arrays and server charge, cache there which is adding a low value. XtremIO, I don’t think we’ve ever been specific. We’ve always said second half. I think people may have implied 3Q but never actually given a hard day for what we are doing now as you know. We have the direct availability program where customers can actually buy the product today and are buying but we’re basically not same to be used in all these cases. That’s little bit of a used case aperture later on in the year and it will firmly be in this year when we ship the product to GA. So it is actually in the market today. People can buy it and they expect that GA to happen in Q4. So we’re excited about that opportunity. I think the Flash portfolio offers interesting additional market for us. I’m excited about that combination of XtremeIO, ScaleIO and the XtremSF Flash capability.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Lou. And we have time for one more question and then some concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Our final question comes from Maynard Um with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: Hi. Thanks. I just have a question on workload trends. You obviously address the broad range of workloads with your portfolio but are there any particularly workload that have seen greater growth than others and are those shifts having any impact on your other products. And I’m curious because in an ideal world, customers are buying all the storage they need but in reality, IT dollars are limited. So I’m just wondering what areas are seeing strength and at the expense of what other areas. Thank you?
Joseph Tucci: It’s Joe. If you take a look at that major update that David laid out. The high functionality, the high performance, the lower functionality, the capacity, we’re selling products on all those. I think it’s more of a timing of announcements that has held all others back. The VNXe -- VNX2 launch that David alluded to this quarter is important for us and that fills the gap that we had on that chart. David you want to…
David I. Goulden: Yeah. I think just take it how the folks navigate that chart. All you see the high end, the Symmetrix very much folks have form the transaction-oriented market place. At the top right end corner, we’re seeing growth there as we talked about. As Joe mentioned VNXe will be -- VNX2 sorry will be a mid-tier transaction origin platform for (inaudible) and we’ve not been growing that in the first half. We do expect to grow that in the second half. We mentioned how well we’re doing moving down to more and more of the scale out in both Isilon and Atlas and we’re seeing a good growth in both those platforms. We also mentioned that how on this BRS portfolio – that showed good growth in the second quarter, despite not really having the new line that comes to market that’s actually shipping now.  And then you’ve got the performance is with Flash. Joe said in the first comment, one of the views of our portfolio and our strategy and it’s absolutely unique as we are the only storage vendor that can take that whole transaction workload chart and put the best of three platforms across the entire portfolio. When you tie that together, what we do is we VIPER and this is kind of really why I think customers are sitting up and taking note as EMC as very different.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo:  That’s great, thank you.
David I. Goulden:  Well, thank you all for joining us today. In summary, we across EMC Federation strongly believe that our cloud, Big Data, trusted IT strategies are right on and they’re being very well received by our customers and partners. Customers love the fact that we’re giving them choice. Over the next several months, we will launch a significant number of very exciting and timely new products. We have a great team and we have that all important momentum going for us. And there’s a lot of excitement in the company about our prospects to grow and take share in the second half of 2013 and beyond. So again, thank for joining us today. We’d really appreciate your interest in EMC and I wish you all the best.
Operator:  This does conclude today’s conference. Thank for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - Vice President, Global Investor Relations Joe Tucci - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Goulden - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Shelby Seyrafi - FBN Securities Brian Marshall - ISI Group Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Maynard Um - Wells Fargo Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Scott Craig - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Steven Milunovich – UBS Ben Reitzes – Barclays
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2013. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci, and David Goulden, EMC President and COO. To kick things off, David will comment on our results and how these tie with the execution of our strategy and business operations. He will also discuss our outlook for the year 2013. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT, EMC’s vision and strategy and how EMC is helping customers navigate the massive transformation happening in IT regarding cloud, big data, and trusted IT. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Today, we are providing you with our projected financial model for 2013. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today’s slides available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today’s press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it’s now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning we reported a solid start for 2013 with revenue growth of 6% and non-GAAP EPS growth of 5%. While customer caution continued in the first quarter of this year, we executed well on our mission to capture the opportunities presented by cloud, big data, and trusted IT. Our growth outlook for the year of 8% and 9% for revenue and EPS is unchanged. And our Q1 results of 6% and 5% are consistent with the seasonal progression for revenue and EPS we discussed in January. We firmly believe our results of tax that our strategy is the right one. As demands on IT have intensified with the rise of trends towards mobile, social, and big data, customers are finding greater efficiency (inaudible) choice from cloud infrastructures where the private, public or hybrid cloud turns IT into service that we can utilize on-demand. This vision has guided our strategy since 2009 and we continue to hone our broad best of breed portfolio to enable IT as a service both on-premise and off. Adhering to this vision well also continuing to address customers broadly varied needs as they transition next generation infrastructures has enabled us to continue to gain market share. In Q1 we believe these share gains continued with growth across all segments and all our GOs including solid 10% growth from our break for 13 markets. Today dynamic environments requires IT to be able to respond to constant change which is why flexibility and choice are such high priorities of the customers. Businesses require IT resources that can scale on demand, can handle a variety of workloads and can be trusted at all times. Choice is a key value proposition of EMC offers. The (inaudible) structure we introduced last month is instrumental to this. At the infrastructure layer EMCs information storage, information protection, information security and infrastructure intelligence businesses are built to facilitate the agility, efficiency and choice that makes cloud so appealing. Leading technology developed with a horizontal over approach ensures choice into the future. Our best of breed product strategy, tight integration with VMware, and support from Microsoft and OpenStack give customers choice. At the virtual infrastructure layer, VMware continues to lead the market with a vision to rapidly simplify IT by expanding capabilities beyond server virtualization to software defined data center, hybrid cloud, and end user experience. VMware’s commitment to enabling choice is unparalleled. At the application layer, Pivotal has the foundation and leadership in place to offer best-in-class options for new application development leveraging big and fast data so customers can leverage a next generation platform to develop and deploy new apps without having to choose or commit to any one specific infrastructure. This innovative framework leaves each business free to focus on its own mission while leveraging advantages of one common strategic vision and creating the greatest opportunity for customer choice. While Pivotal was not officially formed until April 1, we wanted to give you a view of our revenue performance for Q1 along the lines of this new federated approach. With that in mind throughout the rest of my prepared remarks, I will be talking about the various businesses as if Pivotal was in place in Q1, and the associated revenues were not included in the reported EMC and VMware businesses. We’re including a slide in our presentation today showing the as if revenue associated with the three elements of the federation just to give you an idea of how they are distributed. With that said let’s look at each of the business in turn, starting with EMC Information Infrastructure comprising storage, security, and information intelligence. The biggest piece within our information and infrastructure business, storage grew 3% in Q1. Information growth continues, but the nature of it is changing. Different types of data grow at different rates with large scale file and object based data sets growing faster than traditional transaction data sets. The types of workload to leverage this data are even more varied. Some workloads need very high performance, others need high capacity. Certain workloads need very high service levels, others need very little. What this means is different storage is needed for different workloads. From a deployment perspective, some of these workloads work well in public clouds, some are better off in private clouds. We offer storage infrastructure for this broad variety of workloads for both private clouds and public clouds alike. Both private clouds and public clouds represent growth opportunities for us. We expect far more business workloads to run in private clouds than in public clouds in 2016, and therefore represent the large opportunity. A recent report estimate that IT spending on private cloud will grow a 58% annual rate from 2012 to 2016. However, supporting workloads running in public clouds is also a very fast-growing opportunity, and the service provider vertical continues to be the fastest growing vertical for our storage business. These variations within storage are important to consider and our new view of the storage business is designed so you can better track how each of the business lines within storage is progressing. This format captures the varied nature of growth across our broad portfolio with the fastest-growing solutions captured in our emerging storage line and the more measured growth demonstrated by our unified and backup business and our high-end business. Year-on-year growth from our high-end storage business accelerated from the second half of last year to 10% in Q1. This was driven by growth in the 10K and the 40K, which were over 60% of VMAX systems in the quarter. With unmatched scalability for the largest and most mission-critical environments on the 40K and its expanded reach down market with 10K, our VMAX customer base is growing. What all of VMAX customers have in common is the desire for the very best solution for performance, consolidation, and automation in demanding virtual datacenter environments, many of which are evolving into private clouds or are powering public clouds. We are hoping to drive the transition to cloud with the Q1 launch of the Cloud Edition. This self-service, enterprise-class storage delivery platform accelerates time to value for providers of public cloud services as well as the enterprise and mid-market IT offering private cloud services. In Q1, we have customers buying Cloud Edition for the private and public cloud deployments. Our unified and backup recovery revenue declined slightly in Q1, in what has been a choppy environment for this segment of the market, although there were areas of strength. Our portfolio in this space is strong, thanks to ongoing innovations that keep our offerings at the forefront of the market. In our unified portfolio, this means innovation to optimize storage for cloud environments, support levels of choice, and building trust. The VNX family score in each of these areas in Q1 as one of the first unified solutions in the market with critical integration capabilities with both VMware and with Microsoft’s latest releases, Windows Server 2012 and Hyper-V 3.0. We also have security on the VNXe with the addition of Data Arrest Encryption and FIPS 140 security certification. One of the most distinct advantages of VNX is our fast software, which enables tiering over Flash and SAS drives to deliver improvements in efficiency and performance, and it is the key reason why customers select VNX over other unified storage arrays. We also had excellent traction with VSPEX in the quarter. Our backup and recovery systems business continues to grow nicely in Q1, as it plays an important part in enabling trusted IT. Data Domain systems continue to be the gold standard in the purpose-built backup appliance space with the market share of over 60%. It is also a key component to the rest of our backup portfolio and important to the portfolio effect with Data Domain plus Avamar and/or networker wins in Q1 coming from just about every geo and every sector, including a Scandinavian University, an Asian Telecom, and an American Tax Authority. Additionally, revenue growth of our data protection software suite was very good. We have an exciting roadmap in place for both unified storage and our backup recovery products and are very encouraged by the potential for this part of our business in the second half of 2013. Our emerging storage businesses grew 24% in Q1. It is an exciting time for new storage technologies right now, and we are committed to building our market leadership position in each of the areas, where we play. Our scale-out file offering Isilon continues to do well gaining ground in enterprise markets for use cases, such as large scale home directories and archives, while continuing to maintain its leadership position in traditional strongholds in verticals like media and life sciences. Isilon’s expansion in big name enterprise accounts has been aided by the significant uptake of the latest generation of Isilon scale-out operating system, OneFS 7.0 introduced last year. OneFS 7, which many of you may recall was codenamed Mavericks, has seen the fastest adoption in iPhone’s history with over 400 customers completing installations thus far. Our scale-out NAS architecture is exceptionally well suited for extremely large scale big datasets. And Isilon continues to win in web companies as well. Complementing Isilon is our scale-out object platform, Atmos, the ability to store, archive, and access globally distributed unstructured content at scale that Atmos offers is a key capability for private, public, and hybrid cloud infrastructures. And customers are taking advantage of these capabilities on Atmos as evidenced by the continued sequential growth exhibited by Atmos of a strong Q4. Our Xtrem Flash family was launched in March. The Xtrem Flash family includes XtremSF PCIe cards, which accelerate performance on the server and include MLC as well as SLC; XtremSW suite, which includes our XtremSW cache products, XtremSW cache used with XtremSF cards accelerates application performance and leverages the data services of the storage array to protect data. And our XtremIO all flash storage array which delivers unparalleled performance without sacrificing the rich data services customers value in our storage infrastructures. Having different flavors of flash allows customers to leverage the latency and throughput advantages regardless of the workload. With server-side flash, customers love the performance gains flash brings, and they are pleased to see our services solution on the market with the addition of our XtremSF-solution. The customers participating in the XtremIO direct availability program are very excited about this transformational technology. XtremIO is unmatched in its ability to be able to deliver sub-millisecond response times without comprising rich data service functionality including in-line deduplication, thin provisioning, data section and rival snaps and being able to scale out on a liner basis. We’re excited about our new flash products contributing to the growth of our emerging storage business as we progress through 2013. We have not yet launched our software defined storage solutions but we expect them to become an increasingly important part of our emerging storage business. Software defined storage is part of a bigger focus across the federation on building out the software defined data center and involve the same approach. Abstracting the console plane and the data plane pulling resources and automating management of these resources through pauses. The result is simplified, scalable storage and I expand the customer choice that can fully leverage existing storage investments. We have built our decade of knowledge about storage to architected EMC software defined storage to solve the critical problems created by complex and varied storage architectures. The goal is to provide a policy driven storage infrastructure capable of running all applications and managing that storage infrastructure in a consistent way. Designed for massive scale, geo-distribution, multiple data centers across the world. Compatible with heterogeneous arrays and dovetailing with VMware software defined data center strategy and also supporting OpenStack and Hyper-V, we expect our software defined storage to very well receive by customers both (inaudible) and enterprises. Our professional services and other storage revenue declined 3% year-over-year. These are lower margin businesses. Storage professional services which includes implementation on consulting services benefited in Q1 from continued data center consolidations and rationalization globally. We’re also experiencing good demand for our newly launched continuous availability of consulting service. Other storage revenue consisted third party and other less strategy products within storage. When you look across our when you look across our storage business we are pleased with growth at the high end encouraged by the potential and our unified and backup recovery businesses and the roadmaps that will boast growth here and are very excited about continued growth in our emerging products and the upcoming launch of EMCs software defined storage solutions. we’re also encouraged by this opportunity of new technologies like flash across our entire storage portfolio. Flash capacity in Q1 grew 60% year-over-year with most of this in our hybrid storage arrays. With the right storage for the workload and an effective strategy to transition these workloads to the right cloud we expect the storage shared gains that we have achieved over the past several years to continue into foreseeable future. Like storage the right approach to security is also key to successful implementation of cloud and RSA edelivery with revenue up 12% in Q1 over the last year’s first quarter with both identify and data protection and security management and compliance up year-over-year. By leveraging big data to create intelligence driven security and integrated capabilities across the portfolio to provide truly contextual solutions RSA is creating powerful and effective offerings. RSA’s new security analytic suite and authentication manager 8.0 are being very well received by customers after their launch in Q1 as they utilize a big data approach to tackle today’s dynamic thread environments. It is this intensifying threat environment that keep security at the top of the IT priority list as evidenced by record attendance of about 25,000 at the RSA Conference in February, record registrations for the RG User Group conference and registrations for upcoming security vents in Europe and Singapore to exceeded available capacity, clearly a tremendous equally (ph) response on both our strategic and our offerings. Our information intelligence business performed well in Q1 and returned to year-on-year growth. IIG was up 7% in Q1 as more modular, vertical specific solutions for workflow processing resonate with customers. While IIG was held by a couple of large enterprise deals in Q1, we are pleased to note faster growth from several of our newer initiatives. Performance was ahead of plan and we saw good traction for our new life sciences, healthcare, and energy solutions. VMware got off to a solid start for the year with revenue growth of 13%. VMware’s areas of focus software-defined datacenter, hybrid cloud, and end-user computing, all showed very good growth. Customers are obviously in for broader features beyond server virtualization with over 30% of VMware’s license bookings coming from vCloud management and automation and end user computing. VMware is a highly strategic and key component of our business, a market leader and aggressively pursuing software-defined datacenter, hybrid cloud, and end user computing. On April 1, we formally created Pivotal. We are excited about estimation to build the platform that will accommodate cloud and big and fast data applications, all requirements for the next generation of IT, which involves millions of apps and billions of users. Revenues from products and services transferred to Pivotal on April 1, was almost $70 million per quarter. And we expect 2013 revenue to be approximately $300 million. This morning, Pivotal announced that GE will become a significant strategic investor. The same flexibility that characterizes our product portfolio exist in our go-to-market model as customers want the choice of flexibility to move to cloud in different ways. As a result, our go-to-market spans sour world-class direct sales force, deep and innovative partnerships with our reseller community, and new approaches such as VCE. Our channel program continues to improve quarter-after-quarter and Q1 was no exception. Over 50% of our storage revenue goes through the channel. And this revenue continues to grow at a faster rate of storage overall. Our VSPEX program was being very helpful there. And in Q1, we were able to bring the total number of VSPEX sold to just under 2200. This rapid ramp in less than 12 months is remarkable and clearly much fast than any other reference architecture on the markets. VCE also performed well in the quarter. And last year’s investments that build our presence in new geographies has begun to payoff. VCE has established significant customer presence in targeted international markets and provided entry into numerous competitive strongholds with nearly half of the Vblock demand in Q1 coming from new accounts. VCE continues to experience good success for service providers as many of the larger established service providers are using Vblocks for multi-tenancy and for a variety of IT-as-a-service offerings. Our Cloud Service Provider partner program continues to expand with revenue growth from this program of over 40% from Q1 of last year much fast than storage overall. This growth is stemming from the addition of new partners as well as from additional purchase from existing customers. Partners are using elements of our entire portfolio to stand up a number of value-added on-demand offering, including infrastructure-as-a-service, platform-as-a-service, and software-as-a-service. Their service catalogs continued to expand with a number of unique offerings provided by these partners up 16% from Q4. Our solid results in a continued cautious spending environment, speaks the soundness of our strategy and our execution. Consolidated revenue grew 6% in Q1 with the strongest growth in Latin America up 27%, followed by growth in North America of 8%. APJ grew 4% and EMEA was up 1%. Revenue mix shifts to higher margin businesses, including VMware continued to benefit gross margin, which improved slightly on a consolidated basis. Operating expenses grew slightly fast than revenue on a consolidated basis due to greater mix of OpEx from VMware. Net-net, operating margin was 23.2% in line with last year’s first quarter. Below the line items, all came in pretty much where we anticipated and non-GAAP EPS in Q1 was up 5% to $0.39. Free cash flow was $1.4 billion in Q1, approximately flat with last year and $592 million higher than non-GAAP net income in the quarter. Contributing to this was continued strong growth in deferred revenue, up 19% to $8.1 billion at quarter end. While cash taxes paid impacted year-on-year free cash flow growth in Q1, we still expect to achieve 2013 free cash flow growth of 10%, we finished Q1 with $12 million in cash and investments, 5.9 billion of this was in the U.S. excluding VMware, EMC has $4.3 billion of U.S. cash and investments. Our cash deployment in Q1 balance returned to shareholders with investments for the longer term. We spent about $200 million on acquisition and spent approximately $300 million on buybacks of EMC shares in Q1. We’re on-track to repurchase a $1 billion with VMC shares by year end. As we look at the rest of the year we will continue to focus on our strengths and take advantages of the many opportunities before us. Our approach which values efficiency, agility and choice across the three layers of IT. Information infrastructure, virtual infrastructure and next generation applications is differentiated. In fact as customers evaluate their investments more carefully, in the context of how they will use next generation IT to their advantage we think our vision incorporating all three layers it is specifically relevant. Customers to us is to help and take full value of the many business benefits offered by cloud, big data and trusted IT. We’re reaffirming our expectation for 2013 namely we expect EMC revenue will grow 8% to $23.5 billion. Non-GAAP EPS for the full year will grow faster than revenue to $1.85 per share. We also expect to grow free cash flow by 10% to $5.5 billion. As we said last quarter there are few other assumptions that should be considered and these assumptions have not changed from what we said in January. First we have modeled our revenue to follow a seasonally normal percentage of total for each quarter of the year. Second, because 2012 did not follow a seasonally normal progression first half revenue growth in 2013 will be lower than the full year average of 8% and 2nd half revenue growth will be higher than 8%. Third, this revenue growth pattern means while we will show operating and EPS leverage for the year in 2013 the leverage beneficial come in the second half of the year. This means of course that we won't see leverage in the first half of the year. We continue to expect operating leverage in 2013 to come from both gross margins and operating expenses. As we look out further into the future we’re confident that the industry trend driving our success in 2013 will continue and our strategy will continue to resonate. With continued steady execution we expect to achieve the longer term growth potential we laid out for you last month. Over $30 billion in revenue in 2016 which represents a compound annual growth rate of 9% from 2012 and a non-GAAP EPS CAGR of 10% plus. This longer term view underscores our belief that we’re well positioned to continue to grow much faster than the IT market place to continue to produce leverage in the business and continue to innovate and evolve the capitalize on the opportunities created by cloud, Big Data and Trust. With that I will turn it over to Joe. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thank you David. I would like to begin by adding my welcome and thanks to everyone attending today’s conference call. It's good to have you with us. Overall I was pleased with our results and our execution in Q1. As the quarter came in in-line with our expectations. That said we found the bookings flow this quarter to be quite back-end loaded. In other words we experienced a high level of hardware and software bookings in March especially in the last two weeks. The very good news is that our supply chain, our factories and our distribution teams executed flawlessly. The main reason for the late bookings this quarter is that customers are still being very cautious with their IT spending for sure most orders are subject to greater scrutiny and many enterprise are now requiring a higher level of executive sign-up before they give final approval. (Inaudible) this caution has been fueled by the continuing tide of political and economic uncertainties. Additionally when you look at the organic growth profile of other IT companies, I believe you will understand why we believe we executed well. I would like to publically think approximately 59,000 talented people from EMC and VMware for their hard work and their dedication. They had more color about the quarter. On a geographic basis we experienced growth in North America, Latin America and in Asia-Pacific including Japan that was greater than our overall rate of 6%. In EMEA we experienced very modest growth while in Japan we declined slightly on a constant currency basis. From a vertical market point of view, we saw strength in high growth for our service providers. We saw a good growth in the financial services and healthcare industries and we experienced weakness in public sector and U.S. Federal. Looking forward, we still believe that overall IT spending in 2013 will grow in a 3% range over last year. Against this backdrop, we continue to expect to grow our top line 8% this year, reduce some leverage and grow our non-GAAP EPS by 9% and our free cash flow by 10%. What underpins our confidence in 2013 is our winning strategy of cloud, big data and trusted IT. The way we have divided this strategy and executional focus between VMware, EMC II, and Pivotal, our unique business model that focuses each entity on a set of clearly distinct yet related missions giving each of them the chart to build the products, go-to-market capabilities, and ecosystem necessary to win. Also what gives us confidence in our ability to achieve our goals in 2013 is the expectation of a strong roadmap and product cycle especially in the second half of this year. And most importantly what underpins our confidence is the fact that our customers are not only giving permission to play in our chosen markets, they are downright encouraging us to play and play hard. I would like to thank the hundreds of you that attended our strategic forum on March 13th either in person in New York City or virtually via our webcast. Your feedback was both very positive and indeed very helpful. As we stated that day we understand and appreciate the vast opportunities that the trusted cloud, big data, mobile and the social IT world of the future will avail to us. Additionally we believe that there is still plenty of growth ahead in today’s IT environments, environment which cover almost all enterprises today. I make no mistake about it we are well placed to introduce disruptive technology into today’s world and we will help our customers in their journey to private and hybrid cloud computing and to new and big, fast data technologies that will dramatically change every industry and business. Also at our March strategic forum we used the opportunity to formally unveil the newest member of the EMC family, Pivotal under the leadership of CEO, Paul Maritz. Pivotal for those of you that might have missed it will focus on big data and predictive analytics. Fast data as pervasive telemetry and the internet of things becomes reality and a platform for enabling a new generation of applications that can exploit big and fast data, interact with legacy and do somewhat of cloud independent way offering choice and portability across the world’s leading private and public clouds from the likes of VMware, Amazon and OpenStack. And today I am extremely pleased to announce that GE will become a strategic investor in and 10% owner of Pivotal. GE from the very top down is laser focused while on using third platform IT to transform its winning businesses and business models. The EMC family is thrilled that GE choose to participate in Pivotal, GE has our deep appreciation, thanks and commitment. To hear more details please join Paul Maritz from Pivotal and Bill Ruh from GE for their webcast today at 1:00 PM Eastern Time, 10:00 AM Pacific time. The calling details were in Pivotal’s press release that was issued this morning. Again, thank you very much for being with us today. I would now like to turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarification. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Evan, can we open up the lines for the first question please?
Operator: Yes sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today comes from Shelby Seyrafi with FBN Securities. Your line is open.
Shelby Seyrafi - FBN Securities: Yeah. Thank you very much. So, the question is for you Joe. It looks like the storage market has slowed down since the second quarter of 2012. And I am wondering you talked about political and other factors. I am wondering what are your thoughts about the movement to the cloud slowing down storage spending secularly and what do you think needs to happen to accelerate growth in storage?
Joe Tucci: Shelby, remember, we gave it I think both today a little bit in depth at the strategic forum we had in February, we talked about application workloads. And depending on where those application workloads are depending on when they are written, how they are written, really dictates what kind of storage it needs and where it could run. So the truth of the matter is, I don’t really believe – the cloud today has been a net benefit to us so far, but I do not know how many quarters in a row like I haven't been counting but at least the last four. We have said that our highest growth business has been to service providers. So we’re selling a lot of businesses, first of all cloud is not only public cloud, it's private cloud. We’re leading the journey to the private cloud and that is -- and of course when you put, let’s put it platform two type of applications into a cloud, you need storage which has a rich set of services which favors us. Our market share within storage is going up. I do believe you’re seeing a tremendous of shadow IT go to public clouds and that’s both good and bad, but good in that new things are tried; bad in that I think we lose -- the enterprises lose some control of the information, but over time, this will be I think net good, and we’re going to play in both in private and public side, and it's all about what we’re doing in terms of adopting HDFS with native, or scale-out NAS or object storage with Atmos, or a software-defined storage, stay tuned we’re going to do a lot of that at VMworld in a couple of weeks. Our flash program, so we have a great portfolio that plays both with the cloud and traditional data centers, and remember the cloud is both private and public. So, we do not see this as a negative trend for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Marshall with ISI Group. Your line is open.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group: Obviously when you look at consolidated EMC gross margins on a year-over-year basis, the trajectory is nice in a sense that it's improving year-over-year but when you break apart VMware as well as core EMC, it looks as though EMC actually declined from a core standpoint year-over-year in terms of margins, and so I think this is obviously atypical for you guys. I was wondering if you could talk about the key drivers of that year-over-year decline, and then is this a trend that’s going to continue throughout calendar ’13 if you can give any color there. Thank you.
Joe Tucci: I’ll start out. David is fighting a little bit of a voice problems here, but I mentioned how late Q1 came in, and in anticipation of that, because obviously we also said we had a late, not as late, but a late Q4, so that causes to say, okay but if it's going to be late, we need to build up more inventory. In the end when you get orders late, you need to buy different kinds of inventory, which when you buy inventory late in the quarter tends to cost you a little bit more. We have more people and more costs in the factories, we have higher shipping costs. Also our fixed costs are up a bit this quarter. We had -- our fixed costs grew faster than revenue due to softer capitalization, amortization, warranty, costs in manufacturing overhead. So, that’s kind of what happened to us. We told you very clearly, David stated it again today that we did not expect leverage in the first half of the year, we expect good leverage in the second half of the year and this quarter came in very close to our expectations, and I think when you look at it on the proverbial curve, I really think we had a good quarter.
David Goulden: Just to pick up where Joe left off, the fixed cost issues, we don’t expect this fixed cost to rise as much during the year. We expect our volumes in storage to increase, so that fact is going to become less of an issue going forward, so we do expect the EMC gross margins to increase sequentially during the year. We expect the consolidated company margin will be up year-over-year and that with the OpEx is whats is going to drive leverage in the business in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee: Just following with the earlier question about the cloud, Joe it seems like there is an opportunity to take Symmetrix into some of these public clouds that you’re not in today. We get a lot of questions around AWS, why couldn’t Symmetrix be stripped down and reconfigured in a format that could allow a provider like AWS to provide a Tier 1, high end kind of service. Have you guys thought about that as a strategic direction for Symmetrix longer term?
Joe Tucci: One of the things David alluded to, I don’t think he alluded to it, he actually said it in his remarks was the Cloud Edition of Symmetrix coming out and some many attributes that you mentioned will be front and center. So, obviously it’s a very -- Symmetrix has the richest set by far of functionality and software capability. And it’s doing well in the private side of the cloud, doing okay in the public side of the cloud, and we think there is a lot more we can do at that platform. So, stay tuned.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Bachman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, Joe. This is definitely for you, not for David.
Joe Tucci: David said thank you, you just couldn’t hear.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Joe, I wanted to ask you about the strategy of having a company of companies and that is to say you have announced that Pivotal has taken some money from GE and will ultimately look to go public. VMware is a public company. And I am confused on why you are doing that. Originally, VMware I think was done at least partially to give currency for employee retention purposes, but in effect, you are adding to G&A and you are also deleveraging a consolidated global sales force. So, I am unclear about the strategy about why you have these assets. As a matter of fact, I can make an argument the spin-off of VMware really has an added value to the EMC shareholders and indeed today is detracting from the upside potential of EMC given the volatility in that stock. So, maybe you could just speak to why you continue to head down this path? Thank you.
Joe Tucci: Well, I think the major reason is you nailed it. When you see an opportunity as massive, as the big and fast data, the opportunity to build -- you have to be free to build an ecosystem that not only includes EMC and VMware in that case.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Right.
Joe Tucci: And I think you will see that come to fruition. There is a lot that I don’t want to go further, than I am going, but there is a lot of interest in what we are doing in Pivotal. On the other side, having a family stack also gives us a lot of cloud and credibility. Also when you get a company like Pivotal and you are going to make a huge bet on it having the EMC, let’s say good housekeeping seal of approval on it, and our balance sheet and working together with our sales force and our capabilities gives customers a lot of confidence to try something newer, if you will. So, I think there is great benefits, but the biggest benefit is that, you have this ability to attract an incredible talent pool under the Pivotal stock if you will, having a leader like Paul Maritz, having a company with the prestige and the trust they have for the investor and that has core owner and partner. And so it’s – I think it’s a great way to go. You are right, there is sometimes when VMware was adding a lot of value, now it’s got a little more volatility. But I think when this all plays out, and the software-defined datacenter and the hybrid cloud, and what we are doing in storage and what we are doing in security, and what is happening on big and fast data and the platform for the next, I mean, these are assets that most companies would kill for. So, when you look at our strategic play and you look at the opportunities of the third platform, the third grade platform of IT is going to present. That’s what we are aligning for. Over time, there will be a lot of different ways we can get you can look to monetize things, but I think we are on a great track right now because we are building up a great set of assets and tremendous leadership capability. And people are excited as heck, in any of those companies including EMC, including Pivotal, including VMware.
Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets: Alright, thanks guys.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Nowinski with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray: Okay, good morning. Nice quarter. Just had a question on the VNX, the mid-range, I know you are calling it unified now, but it’s been over two years since you launched the VNX, which I believe is near the end of your typical refresh lifecycle. So, regarding the 2% year-over-year decline, given all the chatter in the channel, regarding a pending refresh, did that have any impact on your unified revenue this quarter? And then could you also talk about the impact to sales cycles when you introduce new platforms? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Well, I think we have done everything, but say it’s I’ll probably say more than I am supposed to say, and David is cringing here because he wish he could talk about it. You are exactly right. There is, and I am not going to give the date, but in the second half of the year, okay. There is a considerable refresh and cycle really positive product cycle for the VNX and I think that’s what product cycles are all about. They wouldn’t be cycles if that didn’t happen, we’re near the end of the life, things do slow down and anticipation of the new one. So are we experiencing some of that now? Of course we’re.
Operator: Our next question comes from Maynard Um with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: Can you just talk about the channel? It seems like with you got a broadening portfolio, more work specific needs, you got more competition. The complexity just seems to be rising so can you just talk about how you get the channel to commit and do you feel like you need to be more aggressive from an incentive perspective because of that or you kind of feel like the direct sales force becomes more important in this industry landscape. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: I think it's not an ore, you asked the question as an ore I think it's an end. I think the companies that will fair best which is certainly what we’re committed to do, focused to do are doing is to have a strong direct sales force that works in harmony that is comp neutral to work with a growing and vibrant channel. And when you do both and you’re right about one point you have to worry about your channel because it's infact an extension of your selling capability and you have to worry about their profitability. You have to worry about how they are trained properly, are they providing value to customers. So all those things go into the mix, but we’re incredibly committed. I couldn’t be more committed to channels than I’m and I think that channels and direct sales force is if you had your comp plans right and we spend a lot of time on a comp or best plans.
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: Have you changed the way though, you’ve incentivized the channel at all kind of given all the changes that’s been happening.
Joe Tucci: We continually change. Is there a specific area?
Maynard Um - Wells Fargo: I’m just wondering if I guess there is more pressure related to those gross margins where there is more pressure because of the incentivization of the channel.
Joe Tucci: I don’t think that’s because we find if we can get a channel to invest, invest insight sales, invest in around knowing our technology, invest in field sales and support. The margins through channel are quite good because when you look at operating margins you can get maybe a little bit less gross margin but again you don’t have as much selling cost because our sales force has I have a trusted partner. I will turn it over to them and I will go do something else and when you get a channel that do the lifting it turns out positive and it's actually net-net margin neutral.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital: Just want to touch on the flash solution that you guys launched. I believe it was supposed to be GA sometime live in late Q2, early Q3. Probably when you look at the intake so far that you have had for XIO and the PCI solutions can you talk about are these products help you gain new customer relationships or new channel relationships or is more about solutions to existing customers so they don’t look at other vendors and then longer term how big you see flash become as a percent of EMC storage portfolio.
David Goulden: So the XIO is in what we calling right direct availability which means it's available for sale to select customers where we have a defined plan we both redo. I would say that’s a combination of existing and new. Obviously there are a lot of customers looking at flash generally and I have got flash solutions in front of our existing customers so they can really look at those strengths because we do believe the XIO is very different and very new in terms of becoming a major piece of revenue. The flash products we introduced you all are brand new and they are really not contributing anything now. They are going to start contributing to the emerging product segment in the second half. I think you will see them contributing to the (inaudible) business more broadly in 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: I have a question and just going back to the gross margin. I guess one of the thing is first hand that we have seen in the information storage side, gross margins decline year-on-year in sometime and I take your point Joe that there was some…
Joe Tucci: You’re really fading.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: So my question is on the information gross margins and I take the point of the quarter was late and there were some costs also came in as a result impacting it up. But is this first time that down year-over-year I’m just wondering Joe anything that you see really change in the competitive environment over the last few months. And specifically are you seeing any impact from not necessarily the NetApps of the world, but from the newer startups being more aggressive, I think, and nimble, for example, are seeing some really good traction in the market. And they often talk about targeting both yourselves and NetApp I am wondering has anything changed there that could be explained in this as well or is it simply just the cost basis you mentioned?
Joe Tucci: There is a tremendous amount of noise out there but I could tell you, most of our competition is coming from our traditional sources whether it would be one of the server vendors that also sell storage, whether it would be from the big but traditional established storage players Hitachi, NetApps, etcetera. There is lot of noise being made by these new startup crews, but in realty that’s just not what we are facing. You keep coming back to how much of business is like an Amazon stealing. I still think it’s basically customers being cautious. The customers are for sure sweating their assets more is the term we use. They are keeping them longer. We see that in terms of how long we have very genealogy in all our products. We know how long they have been out and every customers what drives them etcetera, etcetera. For sure customers are keeping their assets longer. For sure the industry right, us leading industry is giving them better tools compression, deduplication, better ways to do copies or snaps or clones more efficient, thin provisioning and I keep going on and on. And then software defined storage have given another set of capabilities. So, I really think that’s more what you are seeing is the cautioning customers they use our term sweating their assets longer and the fact that we have given the industry and others – our industry has given tremendous benefits in terms of utilization tools and productivity tools within storage. And that’s – and I think that’s what you are seeing right now, combination of those two things.
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Abhey Lamba with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
Abhey Lamba - Mizuho Securities: Yeah thanks. Joe, I just wanted a question on flash products. Well, can you talk a little bit about what do you expect sales cycles of those products to be worth as what we have seen for the other storage solutions and also where are we in terms of customer demand and channel readiness and the sales force readiness from you in terms of pushing those products?
Joe Tucci:
indiscernible 0300:
Tony Takazawa: Okay. Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Craig with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Scott Craig - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hey, thanks. Good morning just on the free cash flow as you think about the usage going forward and this kind of relates to Keith Bachman’s question a little bit. But how do you think about strategically buybacks and distributing that between EMC, VMware and then you are going to have Pivotal out there as well because clearly some analysts would rather see buying back more EMC stock as opposed to other entities. So, I am just curious how you strategize that use of free cash flow amongst the entities you are building out and just in general? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Let me make just a couple of comments on that, but I will make them very hard and very succinct. I want to assure you that this area is in a very active discussion with our Board, very active. I also assure you we are committed to increasing I will repeat the word increasing our return of capital to our shareholders going forward. And I want to leave it there for now, but that is very active and we’re going to increase our commitment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Milunovich with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Milunovich – UBS: Could you talk about the cloud of that more specifically storage as a service? In private cloud you doing managed services. Could you explain kind of what is? How that works at some point the future you might actually have to take assets out of your balance sheet or you will just basically kind of run storage for your enterprise customers and then in the cloud obviously you’re having some success selling the service providers but some of the ones we talked to do indicate that having branded EMC type equipment is a little less important than it used to be. Some of them are dusking in their storage technologies potentially and that’s like in about a Google or Amazon but more of the (inaudible) marks of the world and what are you running into in that part of the world as well?
Joe Tucci: We laid kind of two different questions on the managed storage services side our method is, we let the customer make the call. So in other words we will basically go into our customer site and manage their state on their premise that they walk. Number two we will basically say we will manage it on your site. It will be our asset, there are cases where we have bought back some equipment and put that in the equation also. There are phases where the customer wants to manage but they want us right by their side. So the customer base we can dial it in at any place there. The difference is we don’t take it off-site we leave it on their site or one of their service provider sites. There are service providers we also run that service for. And then of course what you’re talking about is our service providers that run dual strategies several of them where they will offer some enterprise, they will offer enterprise storage and maybe to compete with Amazon on their higher end last to cloud, last to storage services where they call but they have the higher end services and they will build more their own or use or utmost we see both of those happen. It can be more with Amazon as three. So all those things are happening Steven and we basically as part of what we’re doing was offered fine storage as part of what we’re doing at most is part of what we’re doing with scale and liner very focused on convincing a lot of the service providers. We got pretty good success that with our expertise we can do that for them or with them very economically and very efficiently and they can use the fire power in other areas.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ben Reitzes with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ben Reitzes – Barclays: I wanted to ask about the second half and just a little more about your confidence, you have new products coming and there might be another quarter of cause in the second quarter. So we have to have quite a bit of acceleration in the second half. If you can just talk a little bit more about maybe specifics and also may be throwing some geographic color maybe does Europe get better as well because I noticed that was pretty slow in the quarter. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: You know 6% growth I think if you look at the curve it's hardly a cause but I understand your point. We have to accelerate the second half of the year. As far as your comment on Europe I don’t think anybody is smart enough to call what Europe might or might not do so certainly I would say we’re not counting on getting a whole lot worse but we’re not counting on getting a whole lot better either. It will be what it will be, I hope it gets better. What we’re really counting on is very much a product cycle. We know good things happen when we put good products out. We will delay products rather than put anything that’s not ready for prime-time. So we have a pretty very good handle on this second half map and we think it's going and remember when you think about last year we grew 11% from memory but David is saying that he can’t talk so he wants me to do all the work, see if I still know the stuff. We grew 11% in Q1; we grew 10% in Q2 last year. We grew six and then eight and so obviously the comparison the second half are easier, because we were comparing to 10 and – 11 and a 10, we got to compare to a 6 and 8. So, that helps you too. So, as a combination of that, the product cycle and every day the team gets more confident, and I am really pleased with our progress. So, thanks for asking that, Ben.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays: Yeah, thanks Joe. Thanks for saying you love me too. I need it on a day like on the tough tape. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Well, I will just do a little close here and Tony is giving me the signal or am I supposed to say Tony, you are supposed to ask me to close.
Tony Takazawa: Why don’t you so?
Joe Tucci: I have been doing so much talking and I am just keep going in. But anyway, I think all of you for being with us. David is not putting us on. He really right after he taped yesterday for hardly talk and he does a great job and I am just thrilled to have him as a partner. But in summary, we truly believe that our cloud, our big data, and trusted IP strategies are really well placed. And they are more important there to be and where we see it by our customers and our partners. I think we beat this over the head too many times, but we are very excited about our 2013 product roadmap, be it most what that most roadmap does fall into the second half of the year. So, we are particularly excited about the second half of the year. I am just proud and privileged to work with a great team. I believe we have momentum and we are excited about our prospects to grow and take share in 2013 and beyond. And hopefully many of you will join us either virtually or in person at EMC World which is in Las Vegas on May 6 and 9. And again, thank you very much for being with us. We really appreciate your interest in EMC. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa – VP, Global Investor Relations David Goulden – President, COO Joe Tucci – Chairman, CEO
Analysts: Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Shelby Seyrafi - FBN Securities Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer Brian Alexander – Raymond James Steve Milunovich – UBS Abhey Lamba – Mizuho Securities
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. All parties are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer portion of the call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2012. Today we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci, and David Goulden, EMC President and COO. To kick things off, David will comment on our results and how these tie with the execution of our strategy and business operations. He will also discuss our outlook for the year 2013. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT, EMC’s vision and strategy and how EMC is helping customers navigate the massive transformation happening in IT regarding cloud, big data and trusted IT. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Today, we are providing you with our projected financial model for 2013. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our outlook this year. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today’s slides and available for download in the investor relations section of emc.com. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today’s press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning we reported accelerated growth in Q4 with revenue up a solid 8% and non-GAAP EPS up 10% from last year’s Q4. Our differentiated strategy and unique value proposition enabled us to deliver very good results in the quarter and achieved record results for full-year with revenue up 9%, to $21.7 billion, non-GAAP earnings per share up 13% to $1.70 and free cash flow up 14% to $5 billion. In addition, in 2012, we delivered once again on our triple play, gaining market share, investing in the business and delivering leverage. I want to extend my thanks and congratulations to the many thousands of EMC and VMware people around the world who produced these strong results. Our strategy was our strength throughout a challenging 2012. Our three strategic pillars of cloud, big data and trust resonate strongly with our customers and remain a top priority for IT departments. EMC’s broad, best of breed portfolio gives us rich, differentiated basic capabilities to draw from as we work with our customers to transform both their IT departments and the businesses that IT supports. And customers are responding. Compared with IT spending growth of approximately 2%, we are pleased to achieve revenue growth of 9% in 2012. The challenges of complex and expensive IT infrastructures, data growth and security are at the core of the architectural shifts to cloud, big data and trusted IT. Our approach to cloud computing offers IT departments great efficiency control and choice. Once implemented, IT infrastructure can be managed in a more agile way, allowing IT to be more responsive to business needs. Big data is triggering new approaches for deriving business insights and new opportunities to expand revenue. And as security concerns create challenges for IT on every side, the ability for customers to have and offer trusted IT is a valuable advantage. Underpinning all of these macro IT trends is information growth. For many years, information storage and management have been near the top of customer priorities and this continues to be true. The continued explosion of information is an obvious reason storage takes precedence. An equally important factor is that information growth always exceeds IT budget growth so that customers constantly need help in influencing more efficient and cost-effective approaches to managing information and this is where EMC has really been able to make our mark. From our early days, EMC has been at the forefront of helping customers better handle the ongoing conflict between information growth and IT budgets. Earlier examples of these efforts include new storage approaches, with the introduction of standalone shared arrays, protection technologies like RAID5, or architectures like fiber channel SAN.More recently, EMC innovations and solutions have included capabilities such as scale-out architectures, virtual provisioning, automated tiering, Flash storage, compression, and data deduplication. It is absolutely essential that we in the industry provide these technologies to help customers more efficiently and cost-effectively manage the growth of information. Otherwise, customers will quickly be overwhelmed.Much of EMC’s long term success in this market is due to our ability to innovate and adapt with new technologies and approaches. In 2012, as the economy experienced a slowdown, the storage industry did as well. Tighter budgets prompted the increased use of storage efficiency technologies, and also caused many customers to keep their storage systems in service longer than they normally would.We’ve previously experienced each of these effects in varying degrees, and in 2012 they were both quite meaningful. But network storage still grew faster than IT spending in 2012, and we’re confident it will again in 2013.In spite of these headwinds, we were able to grow our storage business 6% in the quarter. Within this number, our network storage product revenue growth accelerated from Q3, and was also up 6% year on year, with growth pretty balanced between the high end and the mid-tier.Our continued investment in new storage technologies has positioned us at the forefront of many of the trends toward the user solutions like scale-out NAS and all-Flash storage. And while these currently represent a relatively small portion of our storage business, they’re growing much more quickly and will become increasingly meaningful.Perhaps even more important is the fact that these new technologies and products are integral elements within our broad and the best-of-breed storage portfolio, particularly as the industry continues to transition to cloud.A good example of this is First National Technology Services, who provide advanced hosted and remote managed IT services to the financial industry. To stay competitive for customers with very demanding requirements, FNTS has to transition to a cloud infrastructure. By implementing VMAX with Flash and FAST, VNX for general purpose applications, VPLEX to eliminate downtime, and vSphere, FNTS was able to improve performance by a factor of three, improve disaster recovery, and completely eliminate migration-related downtime.FNTS deployed both our core VMAX and VNX product families so they could offer their customers the best capabilities depending upon the workloads. Our high-end scale-out block solution, VMAX, continues to set the standard for mission-critical data sets needing to scale with the best performance reliability and availability. This ongoing product leadership stems in part from our ability to take these attributes and deliver them in new and value-added ways.We did this by incorporating new media tiers, with Flash and high-capacity SATA drives, and then applying fully automated storage tiering to take full advantage of these tiers. By driving down the total cost, we can now accommodate data sets on VMAX that would never have been stored on a VMAX filled exclusively with fiber channel drives.Moreover, by extending the reach of VMAX to a lower price point, we’re now able to meet the needs of resource constrained customers or for use cases that don’t need all the capabilities of a high-end VMAX, but do need a powerful scale-out work performance that VMAX offers.Expanding our addressable market for VMAX has enabled us to add net new customers at an accelerated rate for several quarters in a row, and we’ll continue to expand our reach with VMAX cloud addition, which we plan to launch later this quarter.Growth in our VNX, and VNXE, products, also improved in Q4, as customers value the simplicity and efficiency of the VNX family. VNX plays an important role in our storage portfolio, because of its rich feature set on a unified platform.For instance, VNX boasts the tightest integration with VMware in the industry, and VMware integration can have a big impact on productivity. This was the case with Partena a social services organization in Europe, where integration between VNX and VMware cut administration time in half. Downtime was reduced from three hours per month to zero, thanks to the deployment of VNX with VPLEX to run active data centers over distance. In all, Partena reduced their operational and capital expenditures by 60% through rapid virtualization combined with the excellent performance and simplified management of VNX. The VNX product family won numerous awards in Q4 2012 with the most important ones coming from users themselves. Including, the Reader’s Choice award for best enterprise storage subsystem from Computerworld Asia, the Editor’s Choice Award with NYSE from HPC Wire and Best Enterprise NAS, according to an end-user survey by searchstorage.com. In a Search Storage survey, when users were asked would you buy this product again, EMC ranked number one for both enterprise NAS and for mid-range storage. Over the past several years, through R&D acquisitions, we’ve been enhancing our storage portfolio to better equip ourselves to address new growth opportunities. For instance, the majority of our VMAX and VNX arrays now ship with flash drive and fast software to leverage these drives by tiering the right data to the appropriate drives. Our backup and recovery business has been completely transformed by deduplication. Cloud environments and big data create new challenges for backup. Deduplication solutions, which streamline the process as much as possible, are in demand. Our purpose-built backup appliance, Data Domain, continued to grow in Q4. Avamar did very well sequentially but faced a tough year-on-year compare against Q4 ’11 growth of 50%. Not only have we enhanced our storage portfolio with efficiency technologies such as FAST and our backup portfolio with deduplication, we continue to expand our product line to fully address new and growing needs for next generation virtualized and cloud scale environment, products like VPLEX, Isilon, Atmos and VFCache. These are all technologies offering increased efficiencies and cost effectiveness. Energy from the acquisition of Isilon continues to contribute to our growth in storage. Isilon’s traditional strengths in life sciences and media and entertainment are broadening EMC’s customer base and EMC’s traditional install base is adopting the scale out power solution Isilon offers. This is evident looking at how Isilon’s customer base has changed. Two years ago, more than half of Isilon’s revenue came from media and entertainment and life sciences. Today, these verticals are still rapidly growing but now account for little over one-third of Isilon’s revenue. At the same time, verticals that were practically brand new to Isilon upon acquisition such as financial services are rapidly becoming more meaningful markets. A key win in Q4 illustrates why more verticals are adopting Isilon. One of the world’s largest financial services organizations struggling with capacity and scalability limitations adopted Isilon to power their rapidly growing archive and general NAS needs. Aside from the OpEx advantages of Isilon’s ease of management, the customer’s total cost of ownership analysis demonstrated a 2X increase in storage utilization, a dramatic reduction in days in the footprint and a 40% reduction in power and cooling costs. This was a great competitive displacement. Complementing the used case for Isilon is our object storage solution, Atmos, which ended 2012 with great momentum. Purpose built for cloud, Atmos supports the next generation web scale applications that enterprise and search providers are increasingly relying on. A global investment bank recently leveraged their Atmos infrastructure to do just that, are now running 70 different custom web applications on the Atmos infrastructure. You expect to hear much more from us around Atmos and cloud object storage in 2013. I am pleased to report that Atmos and Isilon together exited the year essentially at the $1 billion revenue run rate goal we set for ourselves when we acquired Isilon. Another rapidly emerging opportunity is the use of flash and enterprise storage, both in storage arrays, which we pioneered five years ago, as well as in the server market, a market we joined last year with our SLC-based VFCache products. This is an exciting space and one where the bulk of our opportunity lies ahead. Later this quarter, we will expand our presence in the PCIE attach flash market with an MLC-based product line that we believe is absolutely best in class. This was a rapidly growing market in 2012 where point products have become the norm. We’re excited to be introducing our new server flash line as part of the overall EMC solution. Our all-flash array, code-named Project X, is on track. When we more formally introduce it later this year, we expect it to be the very best, all-Flash storage rate in the market. And the feedback from our beta customers is outstanding.What will set EMC apart from the Flash startups in the market today is the breadth of our Flash portfolio. Users can work with EMC to find a Flash solution that best maps their particular workloads, whether it’s a hybrid array, an all-Flash array, or Flash in the server.So when you step back and look across our storage business, we have a large presence in our core markets, and we have incremental opportunities in many other, faster-growing areas. To capture these, we have a very exciting product roadmap, with numerous innovations, refreshes, and brand-new products that we rolled out over the course of this year.When we think about our biggest incremental opportunities, big data analytics is at the top of the list, with perhaps the furthest-reaching implications. The agility and power that EMC Greenplum brings this market drove very strong year on year growth for Greenplum in Q4. The combination of Greenplum’s analytic database with Hadoop implementation enabled us to win against established data warehouse vendors as well as newer Hadoop-based software providers.The combination of technologies is becoming increasingly important, because no single method can effectively support and examine today’s variety and volume of data in a timely manner. This was true at a global auto manufacturer who wanted to lower the carrying costs of inventory by getting a better handle on warranty parts. The Greenplum database changed the way the analysts used the data by enabling them to work interactively, near real-time, and materially increase productivity and results.Pivoting on this success, the customer extended their interest in analytics from warrantees to their assembly lines, where their traditional BI/DW architecture limited them to reducing one brand analysis every two weeks. After implementing Greenplum’s Hadoop-based analytics solution, Greenplum HD, they were able to do a brand analysis in 20 minutes. We expect to extend our success even further here with Greenplum as part of the pivotal initiative, which you’ll hear much more about at our strategic forum in March.As with big data, developing new solutions for new use cases is important in the other areas in which we compete: RSA, IIG, and VMware. At RSA, our strategy is to leverage the power of big data to respond to new security challenges. For some time, RSA has successfully competed using a data-centric, rather than a perimeter-focused, security strategy. This approach, using agile, contextual, risk-based criteria to set policy and monitor activity, is greatly enhanced by using big data.RSA’s intelligence-driven security solutions are using massive volumes of data and powerful analytics to develop new and better offerings to help customers manage risk and defend their critical digital resources. RSA continues to be successful helping customers get to trusted IT. While year on year revenue was down 3% in Q4, RSA finished 2012 up 7% for the full year.Growth in Q4 was notably impacted by two elements: SecurID continued to feel the effects of slower global employment growth as well as lingering remediation effects, and sales of enVision slowed dramatically ahead of the launch of our new security analytics suite.As threats to IT security seem to grow every day, we have a slate of new products and services being rolled out over the course of the year to help address these potential risks. Tomorrow, we’re launching our new security analytics suite, which gives customers powerful next-generation tools to manage compliance, security, and risk as one process.We’re also preparing for a major product launch in our industry-leading authentication portfolio. On the services side, we’re launching capabilities to help customers architect and build their security operations centers. We expect momentum from these new offerings to pick up over the course of the year, and result in higher full year growth for RSA in 2013.Revenue from our Information Intelligence Group was down 3% in Q4. IIG’s license revenue continued to grow sequentially as the changes this business has gone through over the past several quarters are beginning to bear fruit. As in other parts of our business, here too we’re innovating in ways that increase business agility, save time and cost, and reduce risks.Sanofi Pasteur recently benefited from this innovation with the adoption of our Documentum for Life Sciences solution, which gave IT a 4x productivity boost and a 20% reduction in TCO. In addition, this month we announced the beta availability of an on-premise storage option for (our syncplicity) to cloud-based online file sharing service, which can use the customer’s choice of Isilon or Atmos depending upon their need. With this new option, customers can still easily synch, access and share files with people (inaudible) the enterprise without sacrificing security or control. VMWare revenue grew 22% over last year’s fourth quarter and was up 22% for the full year. VMWare’s continued strong performance in Q4 was helped by the introduction of the v-cloud suite, which is VMWare’s first step towards delivering the software-defined data center. The v-cloud suite integrates VMWare’s virtulatization, availability, network and security and management portfolio into a single SKU. Through their three areas of strategic focus, software-defined data center, hybrid cloud and end user computing, VMWare helps customers make dramatic shifts to their IT infrastructures and the opportunity ahead is greater than it’s ever been. We have made a lot of progress over the last few years developing our go-to-market model and the benefit from these improvements continued in Q4. Just as our product portfolio offers customers options to select the solution that’s best for them, our go-to-market model also allows customers choice. With best of breed products, the proven infrastructure of VSPEX and the converged infrastructure of Vblocks, customers also have a range of flexibility in how they choose to move to the cloud. Getting to cloud, leveraging big data and building trusted IT for next year environments are fairly new initiatives for our customers. As a result, they’re looking to us to guide them. Many of our service wins in the quarter reflect these trends. In Q4, we achieved large wins for cloud platform build outs by the European Tax Authority, a US-based pharmaceutical company and an African service provider. We also won big data analytics services in the retail and energy sectors and governments risk and compliance services at a bank in Hong Kong, an engagement that included RSA Archer to launch an ongoing GRC status. Our channel program caps off a year of excellent progress, making working with EMC simpler, more predictable and more profitable for our channel partners. Over half our storage revenue goes through our channel partners and our focus is on making these partners more product. Our VSPEX solutions have gone a long way towards making this happen, especially in Q4 where we saw a significant ramp of VSPEX sold. After just two quarters since its launch, partners have sold more than 1300 VSPEX systems, which make it by far the fastest growing reference architecture in the market. Part (of) responding so enthusiastically because VSPEX offers wider choice of configurations and other reference architectures on the market today. With configuration options that include technology from Brocade, Cisco, Citrix, Intel, Microsoft and VMWare, VSPEX partners have much greater choice in creating solutions for customers. Furthermore, they can co-brand these solutions with EMC and make them their own to sell, service and support. Customers cannot take advantage of hybrid cloud without service providers that can offer reliable, enterprise-class external cloud services. As a result, we continue to expand our service provider partner program with 60 premier service provider partners in our program today who offer over 325 cloud services powered by EMC infrastructure. Our focus here is bearing fruit as revenue from these service provider partners accelerated in the quarter, up over 70% from Q4 last year. We saw demand for enterprise class cloud service continuing to ramp in Q4 and more of our own field reps are embracing the benefit of working with EMC service provider partners. Our VCE joint venture continues to lead the converged infrastructure market and was highlighted as the clear leader in Gartner’s first reports on the market for integrated infrastructure systems with Q2 ’12 market share of over 50%, more than twice the second place vendor on the list. VCE earned this wide lead by pioneering the market for truly converged infrastructure by the introduction of the Vblock product family. Vblock offers the benefits of rapid deployment, higher performance and higher availability while significantly lowering total cost of ownership. VCE hit an important milestone in Q4 with demand surpassing the $1 billion run rate. And another important milestone is in sight. On February 21st, all three CEOs of VCE’s parent companies will be part of its biggest product launch yet. With the market for converged infrastructure on fire, it is important to have the market fully covered, and we’ll do this with innovative product introductions to extend our market leadership.When we look back at the strides we’ve made in 2012 with our channel program, with our service provider partners, and with VCE, we see growth that is constantly in front of our corporate average for the year. Our initiatives here are the right ones for an IT landscape that is demanding increasing degrees of control, efficiency, and choice.Turning back to the financials, our continued strong results are a testament to the soundness of our strategy and our execution. Consolidated revenue grew 8% in Q4, led by growth in APJ of 19%, and in EMEA of 11%. Q4 performance in our BRIC plus 13 markets was also very good, up 17%. We’re actively pursuing the faster-growing opportunities that exist in these emerging markets, and we’re excited about our room for growth there.Operating margin expanded 120 basis points year on year to 27.5%, driven by improvements in gross margin. For the full year, operating margin was 24.9%, 100 points higher than in 2011. Non-operating expense for 2012 ended up lower than we projected due to some unforecasted FX and investment related gains.This was offset by our tax rate for 2012 of 23.5%, which was higher than expected due to a greater than expected share of profits coming from higher tax jurisdictions. Because the 2012 R&D Tax Credit was enacted on January 2, 2013, we cannot recognize this benefit in our 2012 GAAP results. To be consistent with our 2012 guidance methodology, we have included it in our non-GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter and full year 2012.Our strong execution drove record free cash flow of $5 billion for 2012, $1.3 billion higher than 2012 non-GAAP net income. Contributing to this was continued strong growth in deferred revenue, up 22% to $7.6 billion at year end. Driven over the course of the year by strong maintenance in booking renewals, the expansion of deferred revenues helps balance our more transaction-oriented businesses with a growing stream of more predictable revenue.We continue to manage our cash prudently to meet our objectives of returning value to shareholders while making the right investments to keep us well-positioned for the long term. In 2012, we invested $2.1 billion in acquisitions, paid $1.7 billion to retire half our convertible debt, and returned $700 million to shareholders via buybacks. We ended the year with $11.4 billion in cash and investments. Half of this is in the U.S. Excluding VMware, EMC II has $4 billion of U.S. cash and investments.We plan to increase our buyback to $1 billion in 2013, and will continue to deploy our cash wisely throughout 2013 by making strategic and disciplined acquisitions and reinvesting in our business to drive growth.All in, 2012 was a year of very good progress in a challenging environment. We started off last year expecting to grow more than twice the rate of IT spend. As the spending environment declined over the course of the year, we continued to execute. We achieved our original goal for non-GAAP EPS, archived 99% of our original revenue goal, and in the end grew four times faster than the rate of IT spend in 2012.Our performance in 2012 demonstrates our focus, discipline, and most of all the strength of our strategy and of the EMC team. As we look to 2013 and beyond, our strategy continues to be focused on cloud, big data, and trusted IT. Some of our newer businesses, including emerging storage technologies, advanced security, big data, and the software-defined data center, represent our biggest growth opportunities.These are areas of opportunity that persist in even slow or no-growth economic environments, and we’re investing here to achieve our vision. We are confident that by applying the focus and discipline that we’ve become known for, to a strategy that is resolutely focused on delivering the best technology for cloud, big data, and trusted IT, that we will continue to deliver value to our customers and shareholders.With this as our focus, and with another record year behind us, we enter 2013 even better positioned. Last year, we continued to execute upon our triple play, gaining market share, reinvesting in the business, and delivering leverage, and we fully intend to continue delivering on this commitment in 2013.Looking at 2013, we expect IT spend to grow at 3% for the year. EMC revenue will grow faster, 8%, to $23.5 billion. Operating margins will increase to approximately 5.5%. Other operating expense will be $280 million and the tax rate will be approximately 23.5%. Taking all these factors into account, we expect 2013 EPS to grow faster than revenue to $1.85 per share. To help you with your modeling, there are three other assumptions you should consider. First, we’ve modeled our revenue to follow a seasonally normal percentage of total for each quarter of the year. Second, because 2012 did not follow a seasonally normal progression, first half of revenue growth in 2013, will be lower than the full-year average of 8% and second half revenue growth will be higher than 8%. And third, this revenue growth pattern means that while we’ll show operating and EPS leverage for the year, the leverage benefit will come in the second half of the year. We are entering 2013 confident that we are pursuing a strategy that will serve us and our customers well. We will continue to develop our portfolio best of breed solutions and you’ll see many new product announcements throughout 2013. We’ll continue to invest in our go-to-market to expand our reach and provide customers with the broadest choice in accessing IT with either product or via a service provider. In short, we’ll continue to dedicate ourselves to helping our customers transform their IT infrastructures to fully leverage the benefits of cloud, big data and trust. With that, I will turn it over to Joe. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Thank you, David, and my thanks to everyone who has joined us for today’s call. As always, we appreciate your interest in EMC. Overall, I was pleased with our performance in Q4. In last quarter’s call, we indicated that we believed Q3 would be the low point of the year in regards to our year-on-year growth rate and, in fact, that was the case. In Q4, we accelerated our growth rate from Q3 by more than two percentage points and achieved our first $6 billion plus quarter. To add a little color about the quarter, we did see a moderate budget flush but customers continued to be cautious with their IT acquisitions, making sure they lead to acceptable ROIs, increased productivity and innovation. We also saw a quarter that was back-end loaded. We had a strong December. We saw Europe have more predictability and good growth. We experienced significant interest and adoption of private (carved) models. We realized a 17% year-over-year growth rate in our brick plus plus countries. And we had a very strong growth in Greenplum and our big data assets. From a vertical perspective, we saw high growth with service providers, good growth in financial services, telecomm and the media and entertainment industries and a lower growth in public sector and manufacturing. Additionally, and very importantly, we believe in closing out Q4 we positioned ourselves well for 2013. Looking at the full year of 2012 against our goals of $22 billion in revenue, $1.70 per share of non-GAAP EPS and $4.9 billion of free cash flow, we just slightly missed our revenue goal, we hit our EPS goal and exceeded our free cash flow goal. Given the uncertain macro environment, I truly believe we executed very well and took share across a vast majority of markets in which we compete. I want to thank the 60,000 EMC and VMWare people around the world along with our valued partners for their excellence in execution and for their dedication to our customers and their success. I am very proud of all of you. Without a doubt, what underpinned our success in Q4 and in 2012 was a crisp execution of our strategy and our business model. We are squarely focused on several of the hottest areas in IT: cloud computing, big data and trust. I would now like to turn to 2013. This year we expect global IT spending to grow around 3% with Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, Latin America, the Middle East, Africa and North America being above that average, with Western Europe and Japan being below.
Tony Takazawa: The other thing is I always look at the product cycles and we have extremely exciting product cycles this year and a lot of refreshes. We have a huge base, so these things together give us a lot of confidence and our strategic reach I think, as I delineated, the six or seven priorities we have for the company. These are really well placed and if you look at the CIO priorities for their spending, the map extremely well, so we’re in a good space. Customers understand they need to invest and they are. They move from cautious to I think what I call a cautious optimism. David, do you want to add anything?
Operator: The other thing is I always look at the product cycles and we have extremely exciting product cycles this year and a lot of refreshes. We have a huge base, so these things together give us a lot of confidence and our strategic reach I think, as I delineated, the six or seven priorities we have for the company. These are really well placed and if you look at the CIO priorities for their spending, the map extremely well, so we’re in a good space. Customers understand they need to invest and they are. They move from cautious to I think what I call a cautious optimism. David, do you want to add anything?
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: The other thing is I always look at the product cycles and we have extremely exciting product cycles this year and a lot of refreshes. We have a huge base, so these things together give us a lot of confidence and our strategic reach I think, as I delineated, the six or seven priorities we have for the company. These are really well placed and if you look at the CIO priorities for their spending, the map extremely well, so we’re in a good space. Customers understand they need to invest and they are. They move from cautious to I think what I call a cautious optimism. David, do you want to add anything?
Joseph Tucci: The other thing is I always look at the product cycles and we have extremely exciting product cycles this year and a lot of refreshes. We have a huge base, so these things together give us a lot of confidence and our strategic reach I think, as I delineated, the six or seven priorities we have for the company. These are really well placed and if you look at the CIO priorities for their spending, the map extremely well, so we’re in a good space. Customers understand they need to invest and they are. They move from cautious to I think what I call a cautious optimism. David, do you want to add anything?
David Goulden: Yes, Keith, let me just pick up on that. So yes, you’re right. We are expecting a 6% growth ex VMWare, up from 5%. This year, a couple of other factors, network storage marketplace grew faster than IT spending in ’12. We do expect it to grow faster than IT spending in ’13. As Joe said, we expect a small uptick in IT spending growth in total from 2% in ’12 up to 3% in ’13, so that’s going to help us. Last but not least, just to reiterate what Joe said about the strength of the product cycle and what that can do for us and consistent with the macro guidance, of course, expect higher growth in the second half than in the first half. But your math is exactly correct. Last but not least, I’d just point out that we do expect to get a decent continued increase in operating leverage as well for the year, ex VMWare and, of course, with VMWare in the consolidated numbers as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: David, I think you touched on the success of Isilon and verticals outside the core areas they play and you talked about financials being a big success area. I’m curious when you look at these new verticals, is Isilon actually winning against some of the traditional competitors that they've had – I think in the past I talked about 80% displacement of NetApp-centric solutions. In the newer verticals, do you see it cannibalizing more of your traditional VNX product line?
David Goulden: No, I think that definitely when we look at the newer verticals where Isilon is having success is against the more traditional NAS players and the example that I referenced in my prepared remarks was against an existing NAS incumbent and I gave you all the facts and figures around that. I think what’s really exciting is that with the mavericks release that shipped on schedule right at the end of the fourth quarter, which obviously didn’t have much of an impact on Q4 numbers directly, but the potential is now there for 2013 for the aperture that we can focus on in Isilon to be that much wider. Just to recap what we did with mavericks, we certainly performed. We improved the year performance drastically, about 50% reduction in latency but then we added a lot of features around data protection, security and integration backup to VMWare and all of those together represent a quantum leap in terms of the size of the market that we can address. So yes, the new verticals will be a high part of the growth and it really is incremental market opportunity compared to where EMC’s traditional storage platforms play.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Question building off of Keith’s prior comments. When you look at your two big storage buckets, you look at the high-end business growing 6%, the mid-tier business growing 5%. The high end in the past had been talked about being a lower-single digit growth rate. I guess my question is when you look at your guidance for 2013 and layering in some of these product cycles, do we expect the mid-tier segment to get back to a double-digit growth rate? And also within that, where do you guys recognize the Greenplum revenue and is there some point in 2013 a time that we break that out?
David Goulden: So the Greenplum revenue is in our storage revenue segment but it’s not in either high end or the mid-tier. It’s in the other bucket. If you added high-end to mid-tier and subtracted it from total storage product, you’ll see that there are a few other things in there. Greenplum is one of those things. In terms of breaking it out, we’ll tell you more about all the things that are going to go into the pivotal program and initiative when we get together in March. So whether we break it out specifically or not, we’ll certainly be breaking out more of the things that are part of that new program. So relative to your question on high-end to mid-tier, first of all, you’re right that mid-tier growth in the quarter was 5%. But if you look at the year, it was 9% and, as Joe and I both mentioned, we have a great roadmap coming up.
Operator:
Shelby Seyrafi - FBN Securities:
David Goulden:
Operator:
Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse:
David Goulden:
Operator:
Andrew Nowinski - Piper Jaffray:
David Goulden: Andrew, there’s a couple of use cases that seems to be resonating particularly well for extreme IO. First, and obviously – let’s step back and talk about what extreme IO is. First of all, it’s a storage array and, secondly, it’s a storage array with rich data services and inbuilt dedup and the ability to do lots of snapshots. So when you think of the – and of course, very high performance. So you think of all those things together and the sweet spot are going to be data sets or work loads that really take maximum (inaudible). And a couple of areas come to mind and a couple of areas off (beta) that customers are using. First one is (VDI) where obviously there’s a lot of ability to do dedup across all the different work station images and need extreme performance, particularly when you’re booting up, potentially thousands of work stations in peak periods. Another big area is data base test and (def) where the ability to do all the snapshots and keep multiple copies are very important and efficient for those customers. So those are a couple of major use cases. In terms of the competitive environment, we’ll talk more about that. We are going to have a big flash launch in early March just before our analyst day but I think you know how all the all-flash array vendors are out there. Our customers have been using the extreme IO systems against all the popular candidates, so I won’t mention any by name. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we are very excited of the feedback from our beta customers and we generally do believe this is going to be the best all-flash array in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: First of all, guys, can you give some color on your views on the federal government vertical through 2013? And second, David, you’ve talked about 2012 having IT spend growth 2%, EMC 9%. ’13 we’re looking at IT accelerating actually to 3% and EMC declining to 8%. So clearly VMWare is part of the equation but I’m trying to understand if you can also benchmark what storage spending is going to be in 2013 versus ’12 and is there perhaps smaller and fewer opportunities for share regains for you in ’13 versus what you had in the past?
David Goulden: So first of all, you’re right that in 2012 we grew 9% in total against IT spend of 2% but let’s also put that into context of VMC x VMWare or EMC II that was 5% against IT spending of 2%. And in 2013, we’re forecasting to grow at 6% versus IT spending of 3%. So and as Joe said, we strive to meet or beat our goals. We’ve talked about our product cycle. So the fact that we’re still gaining share, we do plan to grow at twice the market in 2013, x VMWare. We grew at 2.5 times x VMWare in 2012, so I wouldn’t read too much into that. We look at potential – I don’t think it’s an issue of relative growth. We think we’ll be gaining a lot of share in both years. And as we said, we aim to meet and potentially exceed our goals.
Joe Tucci: On the federal landscape, Ittai, I’m just not sure. Let me give you two sides of it. I think we all agree and federal budgets will be tight this year for sure, tighter than last year. On the other side, what we all know intuitively and the federal government knows, that to really get the productivity they need you’ve got to invest in IT and you’ve got to do in some of the newer ways and there are tremendous opportunities for the federal government to utilize cloud and get real value out of big data. So the question is how will that materialize itself in an area that’s obviously more political, more bureaucratic by definition. So eventually they’re going to have to do what I said. How much they get done in 2013, how good a year it’ll be, I think it needs to be watched but I don’t think it’ll be a terrible year. I think it’ll take probably a while for them to through the political process make sure that they use IT to gain these productivity gains that they need.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Alexander – Raymond James.
Brian Alexander – Raymond James:
Joseph Tucci:
Operator:
Steve Milunovich - UBS:
David Goulden:
Joseph Tucci:
Tony Takazawa:
Operator:
Abhey Lamba – Mizuho Securities: Speaking on the discussion about flash, Joe and David, how are the products that we are going to see later this year? When should we think about their ability to contribute meaningful revenues? Can it happen this year as customers are likely going to test and pilot them initially? So should we see an impact this year? And also, David, if you can touch upon the impact on your margins. Should we see a step up based on those.
David Goulden: So let me put that all into context with how – doing everything we’re going to do in March. Now, the first thing we’re going to bring to market from a customer, from a GA, general availability point of view, is going to be our new line of MLC-based PCIE flash cards for the server and those will start to revenue later this quarter into early next quarter and then the Project X will have a revenue impact more in the second half of this year, so both ramping up. But again, so they’ll be growing rapidly but obviously compared to a $23.5 billion business it’s not going to have a huge impact. The bigger impact is flash and the hybrid arrays, where, as I mentioned, over 50% include flash and that’s a big piece of the growth of our VNX and VMAX marketplace, so flash is having an impact on our growth rate. All flash products will be ramping this year and, in terms of bring able to move the needle against a $23.5 billion revenue line, that will be more something for 2014.
Joe Tucci: Well, again, thank you all for joining us and it goes without saying. We are really excited about our strategies and our strategic position around cloud, big data and trust. We know they’re well placed. We know they’re being extremely well received by our customers and our partners and we really look forward to sharing in depth with you on March 13th. So again, we – I think the strongest thing that I take a lot of solace in is we just have a great team here in EMC and VMWare. We have momentum and we’re extremely excited about our prospects to grow and take share. So again, thank you for being with us today and we’ll see you real soon.
Operator: Thanks for joining today’s conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa David I. Goulden - President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee
Analysts: Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities, Inc., Research Division Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Bill C. Shope - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Maynard Joseph Um - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Abhey Lamba - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2012. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; and David Goulden, EMC President and COO. To kick things off, David will comment on our results and how these tie with the execution of our strategy. He will also discuss our outlook for the rest of 2012. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT, EMC's vision and strategy and how EMC is helping customers navigate the massive transformation happening in IT regarding cloud, Big Data and Trust. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation, unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure in today's press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of emc.com. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We are also providing you with an update to our projected financial model for 2012. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our 2012 outlook. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring these -- that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today's slides, available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we reported continued growth in revenue and earnings per share in Q3, with revenue up 6% and non-GAAP EPS up 8% over last year's Q3. Free cash flow grew 16% year-on-year. The environment in Q3 turned out to be more cautious than we had expected. There were several issues weighing on customers' minds, including uncertain global economic growth and the U.S. presidential election. The macro challenges translated into more spending scrutiny, longer deal cycles, additional approval requirements and the resulting delay in IT deals. While the macro factors caused EMC's growth to be less than expected, I'm pleased that we did show growth in this challenging environment. And as tech industry results are reported, I believe EMC will be one of the stronger big companies and that we certainly gained share. We also showed EPS leverage and achieved a number of Q3 quarterly records, including record revenues, record non-GAAP operating income and record non-GAAP EPS. In the face of such headwinds, I believe that our strategy, balanced portfolio, operational model and ability to execute are paying off near term and position us well for the long term. While we need to navigate the short-term economic challenges, the longer-term secular changes offer us an opportunity to be really successful. The shift to cloud, Big Data and Trusted IT bode well for us, as we've been at the forefront of these for some time. These trends are in full force, because they enable companies to capture a better return on dollars invested in IT than ever before. Cloud architectures make the infrastructure more agile and efficient, whilst Big Data enables new insights that could help grow the top line, and all this must be done in a trusted way. At EMC, we understand the company that can best deliver this ROI wins, and we continually invest to make this happen. The result is innovative, practical, customer-focused additions to our product lines. And during times when spending is tight, our focus on high-priority areas of the data center like virtualization, security and storage serve us well. Customers needing to be extra cautious about where they spend their budgets, first direct their dollars to high-impact areas and the most cost-efficient technology within those areas, in other words, to best-of-breed offerings like our own. The drive for great efficiency and business value from IT extends beyond economic cycles and is gaining momentum as more customers shift more of their spending towards cloud architectures, private clouds, public clouds and hybrid clouds. Running a cloud infrastructure means leveraging pools of network and storage and server resources that are dynamically allocated to new and existing applications based on demand. This is not easy. And as a result, most companies building clouds, either private or public, have neither the full set of resources nor the IP to build these architectures themselves. A few do, but the rest seek an infrastructure that can get them there without having to compromise on important enterprise class features. These include capabilities like replication to ensure data availability and business continuity; efficiency features like tiering, deduplication and compression; backup, with best-in-class recovery points and recovery time objectives; security that's agile and risk-based; and virtualization, a key component for achieving the control, efficiency and choice clouds can deliver. Our approach to using our own internally developed software, integrated with industry-standard hardware that has been tested and tuned, enables us to deliver value to a customer that we believe is unparalleled amongst our peers. This formula is in lockstep with the transition to hybrid cloud and should keep us at the forefront of data center infrastructure. While we saw somewhat slower growth across the board due to the economy in Q3, we believe we are better positioned than our competitors to deliver value to our customers. As companies look to invest in the data center technologies that will support hybrid cloud architectures, they prefer storage solutions that will be optimized for the task at hand. We saw evidence of this in Q3 as our portfolio of complementary network storage platform products was up 2% over last year's Q3. Having different storage functionality for different application and workload needs is an important part of our strategy, and we work diligently to create a full complement of scale-out block, scale-out NAS, unified and backup solutions. Companies in all sectors of all sizes and with all sorts of IT challenges can look to us for a solution, which in many cases, is several different storage technologies within the same customer. While demand for various technology may ebb and flow quarter-to-quarter, this broad portfolio enables us to stay engaged with customers as we work to solve their problems, and it helps to drive our business over time. Our high-end storage products grew 5% over Q3 of last year. Our Symmetrix scale-out block solution had its first full quarter of availability for the refreshed family of VMAX 10K, 20K and 40K, and customers are embracing it. The new software functionality leverages the powerful standards-based hardware to deliver high-end reliability, availability and serviceability via an easy-to-use Unisphere interface. The transition to the new family continues to ramp well, and we expect it to be essentially complete by year end. Our mid-tier storage, comprised of our scale-out file, unified and backup solutions, was flat year-over-year for Q3 and up over 10% year-to-date. This quarter, results were driven by the Isilon scale-out NAS business. Isilon continues to do well in its traditional area of strength such as media and life sciences whilst expanding its presence in more traditional enterprise environments. The upcoming new Isilon OneFS operating system, Mavericks, which is on track to ship before year end is designed to drive Isilon into new verticals and expanded use cases. For unified block and file environments, customers continue to rely on the simple and efficient architecture of our VNX Family. Revenue in Q3 was down in the mid-single digits year-on-year. Given the environment, demand for the family was pretty good. However, due to the later-than-expected timing of some channel-related orders, we couldn't ship these orders in Q3 and had to move them to Q4. What was encouraging though is that the overall growth to our channel partners continued, driven in part by the popularity of VSPEX. In addition, our recently announced partnership with Lenovo will provide an incremental channel for the VNX Family over time, starting in China. Our purpose-built backup appliances, Data Domain and Avamar grew in Q3. It's worth noting that this business had a tough compare year-on-year and also suffered a bit from some delayed procure decisions by customers. While a pushout of these orders has an impact on Q3, we've already closed several of these deals early in Q4. Customers need comprehensive and leading-edge backup solutions as part of their next-generation data centers. A good example of how important the full backup portfolio is for the customer is Ochsner Health System, which has gone tapeless with its combination of Avamar, Data Domain, NetWorker, Data Protection Advisor and Disk Library for mainframe backup and storage environment, which is based on VMAX and VPLEX. The strategic value of having a strong Information Storage portfolio is clear, as we see customers adopting a broad range of EMC solutions to optimize the application environments. In Q3, we won a deal with the government administration that needed to accommodate 80 terabytes of VM storage and 850 terabytes of scientific data. A combination of VNX with 6 terabytes of Flash capacity and Isilon, provide the best value and the most efficient, scalable and easy-to-manage solution. We closed another deal in Q3 with a large health care company where having the full portfolio of storage solutions made the difference to the customer. This company needs a solid storage infrastructure to roll out several new applications in 2013. However, their old and failing storage infrastructure left them no room to grow, and their backup solution was severely lacking. A combination of VNX, Data Domain, Isilon and RecoverPoint handily beat the storage technology proposed by the incumbent server vendor. One of our more rewarding customer wins, illustrating the full value of the portfolio was with Cancer Research UK. With the combination of VFCache, VNX with Flash drives, vSphere, Data Domain and NetWorker, Cancer Research UK increased performance, improved efficiency and improved their disaster recovery capabilities. This example demonstrates the value Flash can add across the infrastructure, and we've made "Flash everywhere" a central tenet of our data center strategy. We first introduced SSDs on storage arrays back in 2008. We followed soon after that with the introduction of FAST software to automate the placement of data onto Flash for hot data and onto different types of disk for warm or cold data. And now 4 years after their introduction, these hybrid arrays have become the norm. Over half our arrays now ship with Flash drives and our FAST software. These intelligent, tiered network storage arrays provide a rich set of data services for data management, data efficiency and data availability. These intelligent arrays enable customers to derive more value, better performance, higher application availability and a lower total cost of ownership from their storage infrastructure than ever before. We extended our Flash capabilities with the development of VFCache, which is focused on turbocharging existing line of business applications in conjunction with storage arrays. In the case of Cancer Research UK, adding VFCache to their Oracle CRM application allowed them to reduce database query time by a factor of 6 and increase throughput by a factor of 3, allowing to complete 4 fundraising campaigns in the time it used to take them to complete one. We continue to innovate here as recent enhancements to VFCache demonstrates. The additions to VFCache we introduced last quarter include cache deduplication for server Flash, the first in the industry; interoperability between VFCache and vMotion; enhanced integration with VMAX; an expanded capacity VFCache PCIe cards, as well as multiple PCIe cards per server, for larger cache sets and greater performance. While VFCache is a focused cache use case for server-based Flash, it provides impressive intangible performance benefits for customers' enterprise applications, and the number of VFCache customers approximately doubled last quarter. There is much more to come as we continue to roll out our "Flash everywhere" strategy. And as we've previously stated, next year, we expect to bring to market new technologies. We plan to broaden our focus on server-based Flash by introducing best-in-class capacity and cost-optimized PCIe-attached DAS for performance-intensive applications that don't require storage data services. We'll introduce Project Thunder, an all-Flash storage appliance that attaches to the server network and allows the sharing of Flash resources across a multiple of these performance-intensive applications. Project Thunder leverages the same software we're developing for VFCache. We'll also introduce Project X, our innovative, all-Flash, scale-out storage array designed to offer the full data services of a storage array and the sub-millisecond performance provided by Flash. This is ideal for applications where 100% of the data is hot, or where the data is highly dedupable such as VDI or database test and dev environments. The customer access programs for these upcoming Flash technologies are going very, very well and generating a lot of interest and excitement. Across all our Flash products, the magic that brings Flash to life is our software. A great example of this is FAST, which automates the migration of data across tiers of storage based on patterns of use, both within a hybrid array and even across the interconnect to the server tier. FAST is so efficient that in some cases, 1% to 2% of the total capacity in Flash within a hybrid array can process over half the IOCs of the entire array. Our foundational play in Big Data, Greenplum, continues to help customers exploit the growing potential of Big Data analytics. Wins in Q3 include the deployment of Web analytics for a large government organization, website analytics for one of the largest retailers in the U.S. and one of the largest mobile telecoms in the U.S., a large-scale implementation to decrease the cost of data transformations in billing analytics. In this case, the customer was able to displace the incumbent data warehouse it was using for ETL with a far less expensive Hadoop map-reduce framework on Greenplum. Longtime EMC customers are also eager to capitalize on the data that they own as a large win at a global financial services company attests. As part of purchase that also included Vblock, VNX, SourceOne and Centera, this customer selected Greenplum for analytics of their e-mail. Greenplum continues to grow at strong double-digit rates. We're excited to have Paul Maritz spending a lot more of his time on our Big Data and next-generation application initiatives and look forward to expanding these initiatives in ways that will enable customers to take the full advantage of the potential Big Data offers. Like Big Data, security is also an area of focus with customers. As pro rata-based approaches to security become increasingly ineffective, customers are seeking new technologies that can help them better understand risk and defend against today's advanced threats. RSA continues to benefit as a result, with revenue up 6% year-on-year in Q3. Revenue from our security management and compliance business grew over 30%. The ability to manage risk and defend against advanced threats inside a network is an extremely hot area right now. Our SMC business provides the security analytics and GRC solutions to address these challenges, that just about every organization is facing. Our Identity & Data Protection business was impacted by 2 factors, specific to our secure IT business. The slowdown in overall hiring and employment, especially in Europe and Asia, was a stronger headwind than we expected, while last year's remediation of tokens disrupted the normal renewal cycle more than we expected. A cycle of product introductions expected in early 2013 will enable us to deliver new form factors of authentication and better address the authentication needs for mobile and cloud computing. Customer movements towards risk-based approaches and to security delivered as a service present great potential for our IDP business. We are more confident than ever that our security strategy, which is centered on agile solutions to combat emerging threats, is the right one. Revenue from our Information Intelligence Group was down 2% in Q3. License revenue continued to grow sequentially. IIG is innovating, creating solutions that are easy to deploy, easy to use and highly aligned with customers' needs. We've been leveraging the services expertise developed in specific verticals to create content-management-enabled solutions tailored to industry-specific requirements. A recent example is our Integrated Patient Record solutions, which enables health care organizations to access, share and transform disparate patient data, regardless of format or location and, importantly, lower cost in doing so. Our software developed especially for engineering plants and facilities management is also gaining traction. VMWare revenue grew 20% over last year's third quarter as companies continue to expand their virtual infrastructures to reduce the overall cost of their IT infrastructures and to put them on the path to cloud computing. We continue to enhance our integration with VMWare, and this is making a difference with customers. As you can see here, the percentage of customers survey who preferred EMC for their virtualized environments has increased significantly in just the past 6 months. This affinity will continue to be important, as VMWare moves in the direction of the software-defined data center, which is emerging as a clear path to cloud computing. While software-defined data center enables the dynamic creation of virtual infrastructure to leverage the underlying physical infrastructure, continued innovation in the infrastructure elements is essential in order to realize the full potential of a software-defined data center. We're excited to work towards reducing IT's complexity and costs via the automation the software-defined data center enables. Our go-to-market model continues to evolve as customers' options for how to leverage IT expand. We offer 3 avenues to get our customers to hybrid cloud: best-of-breed infrastructure components, proven infrastructure through VSPEX and converged infrastructure with Vblocks. Our services organization uses all 3 of these approaches as they continue to transition customers to cloud architectures. While customers deferred some discretionary consulting projects last quarter, and revenue from implementation services was impacted by a lighter storage product revenue, our services team continues to demonstrate its value to EMC's business strategy. Among the major EMC services wins achieved in Q3 was a 5-year enterprise-wide IT and consolidation initiative based on Vblock, VMAX, VNX, Data Domain and Avamar. This win at a global pharmaceutical company, completely displaced the incumbent server vendor and storage vendors with solutions from EMC and VCE and qualifies as one of the largest professional services deals ever. Our channel partners are also leveraging all 3 paths to the cloud, and VSPEX has become especially popular. With a variety of configurations through our partners to accommodate customer preferences, including technology from Citrix, Microsoft, HP, Cisco, Brocade and VMWare, VSPEX partners have a lot of freedom to create solutions they need and provide a lot of value for their end-user customers. In its first full quarter of availability since launching VSPEX in April, partners have sold well over 300 VSPEX systems, and because VSPEX solutions are simple, predictable and profitable, we expect that number to continue to ramp. We have made enormous progress in truly teaming with our channel partners, and as a result, our channel program continues to earn accolades. In Q3, EMC was named a Rising Star by the Global Tech Distribution Council, and we won 4 Company of the Year awards by CRN. With continued partner-centered innovation like the Q3 enablement of the Velocity [ph] distribution partners to assemble VSPEX for resellers, we expect to remain a favorite amongst our partners. Our service provider program is an important part of our strategy to get customers to public cloud, and we continue to make progress here with revenue from service provider program partners up over 40% from Q3 of last year. In Q3, CSC extended their well-established, EMC-powered BizCloud offering into a new vertical. Terremark, a Verizon company, completed their first EMC-powered public cloud offerings on Vblocks. Telstra expanded their cloud services in the quarter on EMC infrastructure. And Rackspace recently extended its global relationship with us to include Australia and New Zealand markets. EMC is the only external storage platform offered in Rackspace's new Sydney data center as Rackspace continues to make considerable investments in our storage technology. Our family of storage products from Atmos through to VMAX resonates with service providers, as it enables them to offer a full range of service levels to their customers with EMC as their infrastructure partner with deep technology and support capabilities. Finally, accelerating customers' journey to the cloud is the aim of our joint venture VCE. VCE continues to do very well with demand up approximately 30% year-on-year and approximately 20% quarter-on-quarter. This was obviously helpful to our year-on-year growth in Q3, as revenue from our components of every Vblock sold increases our storage and virtualization revenue. Vblocks continues to gain traction both in enterprise data centers as well as in service providers, and we saw this in Q3. A U.S.-based chemical company purchased 4 Vblocks as part of a solution that also included Data Domain, Avamar and Atmos. A European insurance company purchased a Vblock, alongside several VNXs. And a large construction equipment maker purchased Vblock with Data Domain and Avamar for Data Protection. Among service providers, CSC continues to expand their build out of Vblocks to power their public and private cloud businesses. Additionally, the second largest telco in Japan, SoftBank, will standardize on Vblock for their cloud-based offerings. SoftBank is already using Vblock systems for internal IT operations. In fact, 10 out of the top 15 global telcos are now Vblock customers. In sum, our go-to-market model enables us and our partners to make the right tool for the job available to many types of customer in the way that makes most sense for them. Our Q3 financial results were supported by our strong competitive position. While macro headwinds increased during the quarter, we still grew the overall business by 6% year-on-year. Within this, North America grew 9%, EMEA was flat, APJ grew 5% and Latin America grew 19%. Currency negatively impacted year-on-year revenue growth by about 150 basis points in Q3. Now let's turn to the income statement. We once again put together a waterfall analysis to show how various income statement items contributed to the non-GAAP EPS growth we achieved in Q3 of this year compared to Q3 of 2011. Gross margin continues to be an important factor. This quarter, non-GAAP gross margins were 64.1%, up 110 basis points from last year's Q3. The improvement here was driven by the increase in revenue mix and margin rate from VMWare. As you can see in the waterfall chart, increase in gross margin dollars was the biggest contributor to our EPS growth. Non-GAAP operating margins were 24.3%, up 30 basis points from Q3 of last year. Within the operating expense line, SG&A expenses grew more slowly than revenue, as we were careful with expense growth in the quarter. R&D grew faster than revenue, as we continue to invest in our leading-edge product portfolio. So investment in OpEx offset much of the gains we achieved from gross profits. Two other items had a meaningful impact on EPS growth, but effectively offset each other. Nonoperating expense was $54 million non-GAAP, down approximately $16 million from last year's Q3. And our tax rate was 23.5%, up from 22% in Q3 of 2011. We now expect our tax rate for the full year to be 22.5%, reflecting a higher mix of profits in the U.S. This assumes the U.S. R&D tax credit is passed in Q4. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.40, up 8% from last year, 2 points higher than revenue growth. Free cash flow was a solid $1.1 billion up 16% and about $250 million higher than non-GAAP net income for Q3. Contributing to this was growth in deferred revenue, up 26% year-on-year at $7.2 billion. Deferred revenue has become an increasingly important part of the financial picture for us, improving visibility and predictability of at least a portion of our revenue stream and enhancing cash flows. Along with our ability to consistently generate strong cash flow, comes a responsibility of allocating that capital wisely. We continue to make investments to keep us well positioned for the longer term while maintaining financial flexibility and returning cash to shareholders. Along those lines, we closed Q3 with $10.6 billion in cash and investments. Of this, $4 billion was U.S. cash, excluding VMWare. We spent approximately $1.3 billion in the quarter on acquisitions that will greatly enhance our ability to make hybrid cloud a reality for our customers. We returned $150 million of our cash to shareholders via the purchase of EMC stock in Q3, and we continue to expect to buy back $700 million worth of EMC shares in 2012. We see this balanced allocation of capital as the correct formula right now, given the opportunities we have ahead of us. However, we revisit it often, and we'll revise it accordingly when the time is right. Looking forward, we do not expect the economy to get better this year, but we do like how we've positioned the company near term and long term. We have a strategy that's built to leverage the 3 major waves of change in IT: cloud, Big Data and Trust, and we have what it takes to execute on this strategy, with leadership positions in storage, virtualization and security, a best-of-breed product portfolio with breadth and depth that's unique in the industry; a global EMC team that's second to none; and a solid operational and financial model that has demonstrated success across cycles. These advantages are critical to success regardless what the spending environment turns out to be. For the moment, this is not very clear, and in light of this uncertainty, we're updating our revenue and earnings expectations for 2012. For the full year 2012, we'd expect to achieve revenue in the range of $21.6 billion to $21.75 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.68 and $1.70. If the caution that characterized the end of Q3 continues through Q4, then we'd expect to be at the lower end of this range. If we experience the seasonal strength typical of a Q4, we'd expect to come in at the high end of this range. In either case, we feel very good about the opportunity for our business. With the continued ramp of new products like VMAX, with the continued expansion from our channel partners with innovative offerings like VSPEX, with the penetration of EMC infrastructure into VMWare environments, with the expansion of VMWare's capabilities within these virtualized environments and with the overall value proposition of the EMC portfolio, we believe we can continue to grow faster than our addressable markets whilst reinvesting our business and delivering leverage in earnings per share. We're confident we gained share in the first 3 quarters of 2012 and confident we'll continue to gain share in Q4. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe, who will give you more color on the macro, the quarter and the opportunities that lie ahead of us. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Thanks, David, and a warm welcome to everyone attending today's earnings call. We appreciate your interest in EMC. I would like to begin my formal remarks by clearly stating that we were disappointed that we did not quite meet our internal revenue expectations in Q3 and that we interrupted our string of 10 consecutive quarters of double-digit top and bottom line growth. But that said, I do believe that given the significant uncertainties that permeate the global stage right now and its negative impact on IT spending, we more than held our own. In fact, when all the reporting is in, and we're quite sure you'll find that EMC gained share across the major IT markets in which we play. I know how hard my 55,000-plus colleagues at EMC and VMWare worked, how dedicated they are to the success of our customers, how much they believe in our strategy, direction and future prospects. And for this, I want to deeply thank them and let them know how much I appreciate them. I would now like to comment on the uncertainty I just mentioned. First, there's economic uncertainty as demonstrated by the fact that most major markets around the world exhibited at least slightly lower GDP growth rates in Q3. In fact, one is hard pressed to find a major country that grew faster in Q3 2012 than it did last quarter in Q2 or it did in Q3 of 2011. This economic uncertainty has a twin brother called political uncertainty. Confidence in governments around the world that make productive and timely decisions on real pressing issues like deficit reductions and tax policies is at a low point. Collectively, these economic and political uncertainties are affecting business confidence, and this is affecting IT spending rates. In Q3, we found an air of caution in IT spending. Decisions were being subjected to far more scrutiny and this caused our bookings to be more back-end loaded than expected, resulting in more late orders, some too late to ship and some slippage out of the quarter. That said, to be clear, we still believe that IT spending in the second half of this year will show some year-on-year growth, albeit at a slower rate than was experienced in the first half of this year. To put growth rates around that statement, last quarter, we said we expected overall 2012 IT spending to be around 3%, possibly a tick less. We now expect 2012 global IT spending to be approximately 2%. Looking forward, and assuming political cooperation and reasonableness prevails, we do expect that in Q4, IT spending has a potential to grow over Q3 in a fairly normal seasonal pattern. Obviously, this growth will now be coming off a lower Q3 baseline, and again, we believe that the overall IT market will exhibit some growth, year-on-year in Q4. As customary, we will comment on 2013 IT spending on our January earnings call, but I will tell you that as we put together our 2013 business plan, our forecast calls for modest growth in the IT market as a whole. Net-net, against this backdrop in Q3, we grew our business year-over-year in North America by 9%; in APJ by 5%; by 19% in Latin America; and our business at EMEA was essentially flat. And as in past quarters, we saw our highest growth rates in the rapid growth economies. Across our BRIC plus 13 countries, we grew over 10% in Q3 versus the same period last year. A few minutes ago, I expressed confidence that EMC is and will continue to gain market share, so a fair question is why, why the confidence? The first answer to that question is, because we have confidence in our innovative strategies and products and we have all-important momentum. As a proof point, let's quickly review the key innovative strategies of EMC and VMWare. We have a software-defined data center strategy that dramatically extends the benefits of virtualization. I truly believe this software technology will spark a revolution in the data center market through the tight integration and automation of compute, storage, network and security infrastructure assets. This will help customers receive unmatched efficiency, control, choice and agility. We have an end-user computing strategy called Horizon that helps our customers manage and secure their end-user computing environments in a multi-device, post-PC world. We have a storage strategy for tomorrow's software-defined data centers and hybrid cloud environments. Storage that combines both Flash technology and hard drives, coupled with true automation for tiering and seamless flexible information management and protection. We have a Cloud Foundry strategy for working with developers on new approaches to building new applications, as well as ones for helping customers renew and cloudify existing ones. We have a strategy for Big Data, one that will harness the vast sea of information in realtime to help customers make better decisions faster. This new approach works with both structured and unstructured information, not only from within one's own enterprise, but from public and semipublic data sources. And we have a strategy for security that is pervasive across all of our offerings. In other words, built in, built in for today's era of cloud computing. So you can see why we are confident. In fact, I have never been more excited about our future growth prospects. But these compelling strategies alone are insufficient, what makes me even more confident in our future is our leadership team and the talent EMC and VMWare has behind them. Pat Gelsinger has assumed the reins of VMWare, and he's being very well received and doing a stellar job. David Goulden is leading EMC's information infrastructure business to new heights. David's grasp of the business and his leadership style is exemplary. Paul Maritz's innovative brilliance will help take our developers' platform and our Big Data business to the next level. Both of these areas are high-growth opportunities for us. And the best news is our broader leadership team which Pat, David, Paul and I are blessed to work with is very strong, very talented and very focused. To help give you a clearer view of our innovation and strategies and for you to get to know our leadership team better, it is my pleasure to invite you to join us for a strategic forum, which we will host for analysts and investors in Q1 of next year. We will get you the specifics of this forum ASAP. I would now like to address one more topic before I turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call. I would like to comment on our relationship with Cisco and the future of our VCE joint venture. For the record, EMC and Cisco have benefited from a decade-long partnership. My close personal relationship with John Chambers goes back over 20 years, and we enjoy our friendship of trust and confidence in each other that is reflected in the way our teams work together. Some have called into question the viability of our relationship with Cisco and VCE because of VMWare's entrance into the networking space. The reality is that software-defined networking complements the network infrastructure, and EMC has no plans to drive deeper into networking by acquiring a network hardware company. We believe continued innovation and network infrastructure by the partner ecosystem will enable higher performance transmission of data in next-generation data centers. In short, we are committed to work closely and cooperatively with Cisco, our premier partner. VCE is a top strategic priority for EMC. We continue to ramp investments in VCE, which continues to meet and exceed our business objectives, approaching a $1 billion run rate in less than 3 years. There are now over 500 VCE customer deployments, including many in large Fortune 500 companies. These customers demanded and are receiving the benefits of rapid deployment, higher performance and higher availability, and very importantly, they are getting these benefits at a lower total cost of ownership. In short, we believe VCE represents the fastest and most cost-effective way for organizations to build out their cloud infrastructures, and we are committed to VCE's success. Thank you, and now back to Tony.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. [Operator Instructions] We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Evan, can we open up the lines for the first question, please?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our first question today comes from Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Quick question on just the outlook and kind of some of -- I guess, on the outlook or tying to the outlook, the midrange business you referenced, obviously, some late quarter channel dynamics that were unable to ship, if we look at that relative to your guidance, x VMWare, you're really guiding more or less a 12%, 13% sequential growth, which I think, historically, would be a little bit below seasonal. Can you try and triangulate those 2 data points on a like-to-like basis? Are you assuming a below-seasonal quarter, if some of those deals actually do ship in the current quarter?
David I. Goulden: All right. Aaron, let me take this. So first of all, yes, you're right, we highlighted the fact that in the mid-tier, we saw a higher-than-expected level of late orders, which means that we will have those orders shipping in early Q4. And actually, to pick up on your point, when we look at our outlook, when you take into account those late Q3 orders that will ship in Q4, and if you then, from Q3, assume a fairly normal seasonal progression of spend into Q4, that gets to the higher end of the outlook looking at all the averages over the last 6 to 7 years. And obviously, if the caution that we saw right at the very end of Q4 -- sorry, Q3 continues into Q4, that's how we get to the lower end of the outlook. So to answer your question, it really is the shipments of those late Q3 orders, plus a seasonal normal gets us to the higher end.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: What I wanted to talk about was your geographical mix, as you laid it out, the year-over-year growth rates. Can you talk about Asia Pacific? I mean, 5% seems like a low growth rate for that region. I would have expected that to do a little bit better. And on the flip side, Latin America, clearly, very strong. Any color on what's driving that will be greatly appreciated.
David I. Goulden: All right, so let me start again. So just a couple of pieces to understand the kind of color of what happened and how the different geos were impacted. So we mentioned that we had some orders that we were expecting to close that got pushed out, again principally focused on the mid-tier, and those occurred principally in North America and Asia-Pac, so that impacted a little bit of our growth rates in Asia-Pac relative to our expectations. And then relative to Latin America, just a small market, but a strong bounce back. We had not quite such a strong growth quarter in Q2 and then a big bounce back in Q3. And relative to the countries in Asia-Pac, Joe, do you want to comment on those?
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes, we saw good strength in China, had very good growth there, but we saw a slowdown in Australia, New Zealand, a slowdown in Japan and slowdown in India and the rest of the countries were okay. So stronger in China, and then I gave you the ones that are weaker, so it's kind of color across those countries.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shebly Seyrafi with FBN Securities.
Shebly Seyrafi - FBN Securities, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Can you elaborate on the high-end growth? It was up only 5%. You just had this VMAX refresh just recently. And my own tracks [ph] indicated your 40K -- VMAX 40K, was selling quite briskly. Can you talk about why up only 5%? And were you down, actually, sequentially? And maybe you can touch on the competitive dynamics versus HDS and IBM?
David I. Goulden: Sure. So relative to the 5%, I think in this environment, we actually feel quite good about that. The VMAX transition is happening nicely. Over 50% of the new systems we sold in the quarter were actually the new family. We expect that transition to be essentially complete by the end of the year. A phenomenon that we're seeing in the high end is particularly when customers are kind of scrutinizing their budgets, they're really looking for TCO and cost savings, we do see a phenomena of consolidation in multiple mid-tier systems into the high end, so that helps as well. In terms of sequentially -- yes, you're right, but it wasn't the only part of the business that was down sequentially from a product point of view. The macro and the factors we talked about impacted basically most parts of the business, so there's nothing really unique about the high end in terms of being down sequentially. Typically, we would be more like flat sequentially in the product arena from a Q2 to a Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Marshall with ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: We've been following 3 trends, kind of what we view as some of the best secular growth trends in enterprise infrastructure, namely, SDN, Hadoop as well as enterprise cloud storage. And at the end of the day, I think a lot of these trends are actually deflationary in technology for sort of the large incumbents. Some of these use x86 commodity servers or JBODs and off-the-shelf NFS file systems. So I guess the question is, if you subscribe to that line of theory, how does EMC plan to grow with some of these sort of secular growth trends and offset what is somewhat deflationary for some of the tech incumbents.
Joseph M. Tucci: All right, this is Joe, and David can add a little color also. I think one of the things you'd be missing in those trends is how big the private cloud is going to be. And as David said, there are probably less than a handful of companies that are truly capable of having the resources to take components and build their own private cloud, like a Google could for instance. So obviously, what we're doing with the journey of virtualization into the software-defined data center is we're building that technology, and that's going to be a great -- I think, a great driver for us. Also, our highest growth area, if you looked at it kind of on a vertical basis, would have been in the service providers. You heard on the VMWare call yesterday, where they said second time is on Web services, there's the most number of apps running by far, and whoever's third is way, way, way behind that, running on the VMWare infrastructure. Most of those infrastructures also run EMC's infrastructures, those service provider companies. So again, we are riding well on those 2 trends. Big Data is a big growth area for us, and we don't see that that's disruptive. A lot of these data mining applications did not run on our technology yesterday, so we think we could be a net winner there. And when you look at some of the things that are happening on private clouds -- or excuse me, public clouds and on the service provider front, a lot of what they're attacking there is kind of shadow IT, and that was never a big win for -- in some test and dev. So test and dev impacts us a little bit, but again, we're picking that up with our service provider partners, and we never were a big winner with shadow IT. So I think we're in pretty good shape going forward here. I think we're in very good shape going forward. And if you looked at the 6 strategic areas that I outlined, which again, we'll talk to you more about next quarter in real depth, our future is incredibly bright, in my opinion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question on the mid-range slowdown. I understand there's been a macro impact maybe there as well. But could you comment on what -- was there misexecution with the channel? Or was it just late orders? And then, I guess, just in terms of the deceleration you've seen here, what confidence can you give that just maybe this market, this end segment, isn't decelerating? Or that your ability to gain share at the pace you once did has slightly changed because of the competitive dynamic. Any insight there would be helpful.
David I. Goulden: Sure, Kulbinder, let me take that question. So I wouldn't say that it was our execution impact on mid-tier. It really was the macro. They were relative to our expectations. And the mid-tier product growth sector, there were 2 things that happened. One is that we had more late orders than we expected, which means there are more orders that we couldn't ship in the quarter than we expected, that's going to help us in the fourth quarter. Similarly, but a little different, we had orders that we were expecting to win that got pushed out to the fourth quarter, because customers pulling the extra decision cycle, pushed those orders out. So again, now as those orders close and some of them already have, particularly in the BRS area, will also help us a little bit in the mid-tier. So it's really the macro, more than a execution issue. And for some of the factors that I just mentioned, we do think we're going to have a rebound in the mid-tier in the fourth quarter as a sector. And then relative to the overall market, we feel good at the top level. When we look at our 6% growth versus IT spending, we absolutely gained market share. Relative to the storage business, we think that from what we saw in the field with our win rates, both the high-end and the mid-tier, we think that we'll still be a net share gainer there. And you look at our network storage product revenues, against those that others have either reported or have out there for consensus, and we feel pretty good about that aspect of our growth. So every way we look at it, we think we're a net share gainer and it's the macro here as opposed to any micro issues.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Joe, just when you exclude the channel mix on VNX and you look at different verticals in different customer segments, enterprise versus channel, was there anything that really stood out from you from a -- when you talk about misexecution this quarter that you could give a little more color on?
Joseph M. Tucci: I think on a plus side, well, well north of the average, we showed, as I said, really good strength in service providers, and we also -- which is I think a little bit counter to some of our competitors -- but we also showed a strong quarter in federal. But on the weaker side, weaker than average, we did see a pause in financial services, and that's a -- that is our biggest vertical. We had pretty good balance across our verticals. We play in every vertical. Matter of fact, almost every vertical, we have a double-digit share in, more than 10% of our revenues, I should say. So we got good balance, but financial services is the biggest, and we did see that occur weaker this quarter.
David I. Goulden: Then I -- let me just add a point relative to the mid-tier, because that's where you started, I think, your question. Remember, we made this comment last call that when you look at our geographic mix, Europe is more heavily weighted towards the mid-tier market just as a market and, of course, in terms of our profile there as well. So slowness, in general, in Europe impacts the mid-tier disproportionately highly, which is a factor we mentioned to you last quarter as well.
Operator: Next in queue is Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs.
Bill C. Shope - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Now that you're mid-cycle in the Symmetrix refresh, can you give us some color on what you're seeing in terms of the margin dynamics for the new products, and what kind of services and software attach rates are you seeing versus past cycles? And, I guess, extending that, how should we think about what all of that means as we exit the year and, hopefully, get into a better spending environment overall?
David I. Goulden: Yes, Bill, we're actually very pleased with, first of all, how the business did in the quarter from a gross margin point of view generally, given the macro environment. Relative to the high-end transition, we see a software and services attach rate that's comparable to prior high-end systems on the 40K, if anything, a little higher because of the kind of hyper consolidation opportunities we're looking at, at that side of the marketplace. So the kind of secular trends, the new product lines tend to carry a richer software content and the larger systems carry richer software content, those are all still working in our favor.
Joseph M. Tucci: I think the other thing that I would add to that, Bill, is, if you looked at some of the things David alluded to that are common, he talked about Mavericks for Isilon being introduced at the very end of this year, which means its kind of impact will be next year. He talked about real terrific enhancements to VFCache. He talked about a new line we call Project Thunder. He got a new line of all-Flash called Project X. We have major extensions to our mid-tier line. All of those products kind of get reported in mid-tier. So when you look at our kind of cycle of refresh and you look at next year, that also bodes very well for us. And we'll lay more of that out for you when we see you next month.
Operator: Our next question comes from Maynard Um with Wells Fargo.
Maynard Joseph Um - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about these new products and product cycles. For Isilon, you talked about the expanding opportunities into new verticals, I presume from the improvement and the right capability within Mavericks. But more generally, can you talk about the qualification process for a lot of the new products, where we are. I'm just curious when we should expect some of these to start ramping. Is it 1 quarter after the launch, is it 2? If you can just shed a little bit of color on that. And then just what you have embedded into your guidance, I guess, for some of these new product ramps in the mid-tier.
David I. Goulden: Maynard, if we did that, we wouldn't need a meeting next quarter, so that's going to be a lot of the firepower. We're going to give you great detail, and give you some hands-on, and show you real in depth what we're doing. And we are excited about it, but it really is a next-year event. And I know you want to know when next year and which exact features, and that's what we're going to tell you soon.
Maynard Joseph Um - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then can I try a different question then just on the OpEx side?
David I. Goulden: Yes, I kind of stole your question, so you get 2.
Maynard Joseph Um - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you just talk about what leverage you have there to potentially offset if one environment were to get weaker? What areas you would cut the spend? I know you talked about staying committed to the R&D spend, but just sort of the leverage you have there.
Joseph M. Tucci: I'll let David -- let me just -- I just want to emphasize what you said. I mean, I do not, will not cut R&D. It's just what we're working on is too exciting. With that said, there's -- there is always ways we could tighten our belt, and I'll let David handle that.
David I. Goulden: Yes, Maynard, you actually saw us doing some of that in Q3. So if you look, for example, our SG&A expenses, excluding VMWare, are kind of flattish year-on-year and a couple of factors -- clearly, there was some FX benefit from an expense point of view. But also going into the quarter, we recognized it was an uncertain environment, and we were more cautious with our discretionary spending, areas that we've looked at before, things like travel. We also had some favorable benefits in the quarter of fringe vacation, things like that, but we do recognize it's a more cautionary spending environment. We're being more careful with the investments in OpEx, but particularly in the discretionary areas, which we've demonstrated before, we do a good job in when we focus and pull them back.
Operator: Next in queue is Scott Craig with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: David, can you talk about the gross margin, but more from a quarter-over-quarter perspective? It went down a little bit, but I would have thought with the high-end ramp and sort of the hard disk drive pricing getting better, and then mix with VMWare especially, that gross margin might have gone up. So could you talk about it on a quarter-to-quarter basis?
David I. Goulden: Yes, sure, Scott. And we saw a 30% reduction, as you know, in gross margin quarter-on-quarter. All that was due to EMC x VMWare, which was down 50 bps sequentially. So let me explain to you what was going on there. So from a competitive point of view, I'd say the pricing pressures were consistent with normal, so no massive difference in the landscape on a competitive point of view. What we did see is, we saw some incremental impact from our customers, as they applied extra scrutiny and kind of worked their transactions harder, so there was additional customer pressure, and we did see continuing benefits from mix, as you mentioned. Specifically, relative to quarter-to-quarter, there were 2 factors that drove the reduction. One is that, if you remember back in Q2, we had some benefits as we have closed out the RSA situation and reversed what was left of the charge. Some of that went to operating margins -- to gross margins, sorry, that gave us about 20 bps improvement. And also quarter-on-quarter, there were some additional amortization in capitalized software. You factor those out, and gross margins would have been flat quarter-on-quarter. And then if volumes had been kind of where we thought they would be at the start of the quarter, you'd have seen an increase in gross margin sequentially, so that's the story, what's going on there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was just wondering, guys, if you could just talk about if Isilon and Avamar combined are still on track to achieve a $1 billion run rate back end of the year. And then very specific, you'd maybe talk about, on Isilon, did you -- are you starting to see some slowdown ahead of the OneFS Mavericks refresh that should happen next, well, I guess, in the next quarter?
David I. Goulden: Well, actually, it's at the end of this quarter, the quarter which we're currently in. So we do expect Isilon and Atmos to be at the $1 billion rate, or if not, exceptionally close to it. So we feel good about that. And no, we don't see a slowdown in anticipation of Mavericks, because Mavericks is a software release, so customers can -- with a valid maintenance agreement, will be able to upgrade to Mavericks. So obviously, if they're waiting for the functionality, well, they wouldn't be buying the product in the first place. So in today's use case, Isilon is still very competitive, the use case expands with Maverick. Existing customers get it, so we don't see that being a factor. We just see that being a factor that will enable us to kind of open the aperture a little wider for where we can play with Isilon.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. We have time for one more question, and then we'll have some closing comments from Joe.
Operator: Our final question comes from Abhey Lamba with Mizuho Securities.
Abhey Lamba - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: David, you talked a little bit about Isilon and its impact. You're not expecting any slowdown ahead of it, but can you talk about what are the other industry verticals outside of its traditional verticals that you expected to gain traction? And what was the spending environment in Q3 for those? How should it trend over the next couple of quarters?
David I. Goulden: Okay. So again, relative to Isilon, there are many new capabilities in the Mavericks release, and we'll tell you much more about them when we get together when the product's actually in the marketplace. Today, a lot of Isilon sales is in the media, entertainment, life sciences verticals. One of the areas that you'll see us enhancing the solution with Mavericks is adding many more audit and compliance features. So in more regulated industries, financial services sector, public sector, the scale-out file opportunities that we can't go after with Mavericks today -- sorry, with Isilon today, we'll be able to go after them with Mavericks. So that's one area that you'll see enhancements. And Joe mentioned already what's going to happen in those verticals. The other area mentioned before is more performance enhancements, so it'll be a better general-purpose file system, but I'll still tell you that the primary use of Isilon across all these verticals is still going to be in the larger scale-out, Big Data type of file-oriented applications.
Joseph M. Tucci: This is Joe again. And in summary -- first of all, I'd like to thank you for being with us again. And in summary, I'm sure you got a real sense today that we deeply believe in our strategic direction. We have strategies that are laser focused on key high-growth IT market opportunities. Our customers and our prospective customers are more and more inviting us in and doing us as a key source of innovation to help them plot their future to private and public cloud computing and IT as a Service. I could tell you our people inside of EMC and VMWare are very excited about our future, and they are charged up and ready to succeed. And again, we look very forward to sharing our vision, our products and our go-to-market prowess with you at our upcoming strategic forum. So I wish you all the best, and thank you again, and see you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa David I. Goulden - President and Chief Operating Officer Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee
Analysts: Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bill C. Shope - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Maynard Joseph Um - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division A.M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Steven Milunovich - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2012. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; and David Goulden, EMC President and COO. To kick things off, David will comment on our results and how these tie with the execution of our strategy. He will also discuss our outlook for the rest of 2012. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT, EMC's vision and strategy and how EMC is helping customers navigate the massive transformation happening in IT regarding cloud, Big Data and trust. After their prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the investor relations section of emc.com. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We are also providing you with an update to our projected financial model for 2012. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our 2012 outlook. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is available as background in today's slides available for download in the investor relations section of emc.com. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we achieved our 10th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue and EPS growth in Q2, with revenue up 10%, non-GAAP EPS up 11% and free cash flow up 36%. Our ability to deliver these strong results is linked in large part to our strategy, which is to help companies use cloud technologies and Big Data assets in their trust environments. In spite of what is clearly an unsettled macro-environment, our solid results this quarter are a testament to the soundness of our strategy, the flexibility of our business model and the ability of our team to execute. As usual, Joe will comment more on the environment and what we're hearing from our customers, but it's pretty clear that things have gotten a bit weaker over the last few months. We all read the same headlines about Europe, concerns about slowing in China and the U.S., tight government spending, et cetera, and these are having an effect. While not immune to economic pressures, we do believe that important customer priorities such as virtualization, storage and security will continue to grow faster than IT overall. Customers need to continue to drive their businesses forward, improve competitiveness and reduce costs, and these are the areas where they will continue to invest. This is evidenced in our Information Storage business where we grew 7%. Within this number, our reported storage product revenue growth was 3%. However, this product number includes other storage product revenue, some of which is outside of our strategic storage offerings. The biggest line in this other storage product bucket is third-party products that we resell, and another meaningful element is our consumer products business. In fact, the consumer products business was the biggest drag on this other storage bucket during the quarter due to the planned decline in revenues as we refocused the consumer business on lowering NAS and away from single-drive hardware. To make things clearer for you, this quarter we're adding a new metric, networked storage platforms, which includes our high-end and mid-tier, to measure progress across our full family of complementary storage products, including scale block, scale file, unified and backup. In today's rapidly changing environment, customers increasingly take advantage of our entire line-up of offerings to accommodate their storage requirements. And as a result, it's helpful to monitor how this product portfolio as a whole performs, and this quarter we continue to perform well. Our networked storage platforms grew 7% year-on-year compared with 9% growth in Q1. Within networked storage platforms, our mid-tier storage product revenue grew 10% in Q2, the result of year-on-year growth across all of our major mid-tier product lines. One of the hottest areas in storage right now is scale-out NAS. Companies seek solutions that can accommodate the explosive growth of unstructured data and do so simply and at scale. As a result, our scale-out file offering from Isilon continues to thrive as this is an excellent option for customers who are looking for a truly linear scale-out solution especially given the lack of compelling alternatives. Isilon remains well suited for extremely large-scale Big Data needs and, with continued technical innovation and the help of EMC's core sales force, is being deployed in mainstream data centers at some very large customers. Jaguar Land Rover has standardized upon Isilon to drive their most demanding HPC environments for modeling, simulation and design testing. Hyundai Heavy Industries selected Isilon to support a significant virtualization initiative. And a large Japanese mobile phone service provider recently chose Isilon as the foundation of a mission-critical service for business smartphone users. And while Isilon is already very relevant to the enterprise data center, our OneFS Mavericks operating system, expected to launch later this year, will make it even more so. Mavericks will open new opportunities for large-scale home directory, and that's archiving workloads, and will tightly integrate with VMware, making it an outstanding choice for virtual environments. Our Backup Recovery Systems business also continued to be a growth engine for EMC in Q2. Demand for our newly launched Data Domain 990 exceeded our high expectations. As customers re-architect their IT infrastructures, they're looking across the entire backup landscape and thinking differently about how backup can be done most effectively, and this is where EMC comes in. Not only do our offerings cover the full range of backup requirements, they integrate it with other technologies in the data center in ways that make a difference to the user. Avamar is a good example of this. Its most recent addition, Avamar 6.1, expanded support for Hyper-V environments and now delivers 3x the backup performance and 30x the recovery performance of its nearest competitor in VMware environments. Our unified storage offerings, VNX and VNXe, also contributed to our growth in networked storage in Q2. The unified architecture of the VNX Family puts it at the top of the list for customers seeking a storage solution that is simple and efficient as our VNX Family boasts some of the broadest integration among EMC products as well as other vendors' technologies. The VNX5300 has been certified for Microsoft's FastTrack as well as SAP's HANA platform. VNX has points of integration with Avamar, RecoverPoint and VPLEX. Such integration made a big difference for Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, who use a combination of VNX, Avamar and our Cloud Tiering Appliance to reclaim terabytes of primary storage while avoiding the need for more capacity for file shares and decreasing backup times by 90%. We continue to enhance the features and functionality of VNX, as evidenced by a number of recent innovations. These include deeper integration with VMware's management suites to provide the most comprehensive performance analysis for VMware environments, as well as an upgrade to the VNX operating environment known as Inyo. Available today for download to existing systems and shipping on new systems soon, Inyo features more efficient storage utilization, automatic rebalancing of data when new drivers are added and added snapshot functionality, enhancing VNX for use cases such as test and dev, point-in-time backups and reporting or the re-purposing of data. Growth of our high-end storage products rebounded in Q2, with revenue up 3% year-on-year. Undoubtedly, some of this growth was a direct result of the VMAX refresh we announced in May which refreshed our VMAXe and VMAX with the VMAX 10K and VMAX 20K, respectively, and introduced a new ultra-high performance VMAX 40K. By making available several options for our scale-out block offering, customers can more closely match high-end features and functionalities with their specific requirements and resources. Common across all 3 additions is the new VMAX operating system which is available across all generations of the EMC VMAX family, including all VMAX and VMAXe arrays sold since 2009. We are pleased with how this transition is progressing. Approximately 1/3 of our new VMAX systems revenue in the quarter was from the 10K, 20K, 40K family. This new release illustrates the increasing importance of software to the storage infrastructure. While the underlying hardware offers different processing and capacity across the 10K, 20K and 40K, depending upon need, a lot of the value to the customer comes from the software. The new VMAX line utilizes Unisphere, the same user interface as VNX; integrates recover points across the entire VMAX family; offers the ability to extend fast capabilities to other vendors' arrays; and could now apply FAST VP to mainframe and IBM iSeries environments. To ensure customers can extract maximum value from their storage solutions, the VMAX family incorporates options for MLC Flash, as well as 2.5-inch SaaS drives. All in, we've assembled a best-of-breed portfolio of storage offerings that covers a wide range of customer needs with technology that truly requires no compromise on behalf of our customers. Some of these technologies were recently acquired, some were developed in our labs. Either way, a key value proposition we've developed over the past several years is bringing a wide array of offerings together via common hardware, leveraging generally available and industry standard components. The benefits of this strategy are many: faster time to market, lower cost of goods sold, better quality, lower support costs, great efficiencies from engineering, better leverage of our supply chain and more efficient inventory managements. On the software side of things, getting to a more holistic view makes customers growing and heterogeneous environments simpler. In addition to VMware integration that is unmatched by any other storage provider, we continue to enhance integration across our products elsewhere to generate more value for our customers. In March, we integrated ProSphere with FAST VP to automatically track the consumption of virtual pools and identify when new capacity will be required. In May, we announced our new DataBridge software. DataBridge mashes up IT operations data, turning silos of disparate compute, storage and network management information into used-case specific views for better visibility across the infrastructure as part of an IT-As-A-Service deployment. Recently, we acquired Watch4net, a leader in IT performance management. Watch4net solution consolidates and analyzes performance in one unified platform across multi-vendor, multi-technology environments and is already tightly integrated with our IT Operations Intelligence Suite. As you can see through these many examples, our best-of-breed storage products, which are built on common hardware and united by common management interfaces with an ability to integrate with many environments, are central to our strategy. This approach drives our complexity and empowers customers looking for efficiency, control and choice with agility. The way we've leveraged Flash technology is a great example of how we integrate industry standard components and then build software around it. Once the Flash hardware is strategically placed, the next step is leveraging its functionality with intelligent automated software that operates across the stack. This is the key to delivering value. Not only does this two-part approach results in an optimal cost-benefit outcome for the customer, it also enables us to address a wide variety of use cases in the contemporary data center. For mixed workloads, customers use a hybrid array, with a small amount of Flash for the hottest data and the rest cost-effectively tiered to high-capacity drives. For situations where 100% of the data is hot, such as VDI or database test and development, customers can use an all-Flash array. Our acquisition of Extreme I/O gives us excellent technology here, as we've seen from the customer access programs that are currently underway. For market segments that require a persistent data store for performance-intensive workloads such as high-frequency trading and online gaming, we're developing Project Thunder, a server network-attached appliance built entirely of high-speed PCIe Flash. Our early customer access program is underway here as well. And for applications that benefit from Flash in the server, customers use VFCache. VFCache has been embraced by more than 100 customers across industries for the dramatic performance improvements it enables. One of the largest retailers in the U.S. bought VFCache to accelerate the performance of their SQL production environments. The retailer had already doubled performance with FAST VP and can now triple that again by adding VFCache. In total, that's 6x the performance compared to environments before FAST VP and VFCache. We will be significantly expanding the use case potential for VFCache in the second half with the addition of in-line dedupe, support for larger PCIe cards, MLC Flash and support for UCS blade servers. The value of Flash is resonating with our customers, and in Q2, we shipped a record amount of Flash capacity. Importantly, our Flash solutions work in conjunction with customers' network storage environments, bringing all the performance benefits of Flash without sacrificing the benefits of network storage like data protection and availability. In sum, EMC is developing the most comprehensive Flash portfolio across the industry and will be the only company capable of providing the right Flash solution across a variety of use cases. The benefits of offering a full portfolio are not limited to storage. We've also been able to gain wallet share and add value to customer relationships with offerings in analytics, security, content management and virtualization. Greenplum continues to reap the benefits of being in the thick of one of the hottest areas of IT right now. With its very rich Big Data tool sets spanning data science, social collaboration, SQL processing and Hadoop for the enterprise, Greenplum is a truly differentiated player in the space. As a result, we're winning new customers and gaining repeat business as customers add on to their existing analytics implementations. Wins from Q2 came from across verticals and for a variety of reasons. Some are looking to become truly predictive enterprises, some are looking for line-of-business implementation that can get up and running quickly, while others simply want the ability to do ad hoc queries to find the best answer to a specific question about the business. A notable win in the quarter came from the utility customer looking to create insight from the analysis of their customer usage patterns. We're very excited about seizing these fast-growing opportunities. Like Big Data, security is also enjoying a position near the top of customer priority lists. And RSA is delivering, growing 13% in Q2. Customers understand that with IT security there's no longer a question of whether there will be an attack. Rather, the question in today's advanced threat environment is how quickly and effectively attacks can be thwarted. Because the threat landscape changes rapidly, customer defenses need the, agile, risk-based and contextual solutions that RSA offers. While our products do very well individually, customers are increasingly embracing the value of the integration across them. For example, NetWitness, Archer, enVision and DLP work together to provide controls and visibility functions that are based upon agile, predictive analytics and continuous monitoring of massive and growing amounts of data. Additionally, there are integrations between RSA's Data Loss Prevention technology and VMWare's vShield, as well as between Archer and EMC's network and storage configuration managers and the vSphere, all enhancements to accelerate customers' journey to the cloud without sacrificing trust. Revenue from our Information Intelligence Group was down 4% year-on-year. It is encouraging to see license revenue growing at 3% this quarter. We see value here and we're making investments we believe are needed to return IIG to the growth business we know it can be. To that end, we acquired Syncplicity, a cloud-based sync-and-share provider for businesses, and continue to roll out vertical specific offerings such as the Documentum for life science solution suite that was announced in early May. VMware revenues grew 22% over last year's second quarter as companies continue to expand their virtual infrastructures both in the data center and on the desktop and add management capabilities to virtual infrastructures they've built on VMware. Having become the standard way of running server applications in the cloud era, VMware is very well positioned for its move to the next phase of cloud computing, the software-defined data center. Customers of a software-defined data center can have their own virtual data center with isolated collections of all the compute, storage, networking and security resources they need. VMware's acquisition of Nicira upon closing will expand VMware's software-defined networking portfolio across multiple hypervisors and cloud environments. VMware will continue to work with networking, compute, storage and security ecosystem partners to complement and support their continued innovations. Given VMware's strong foundation for future growth, EMC is focusing more resources than ever on VMware integration across our portfolio. This integration plays a major role in many of our wins, and we won a number of multimillion dollar orders in Q2 for virtualized environments, including a school system deploying a Vblock, VDI and Avamar; a large public-sector health organization deploying a Vblock, Data Domain; and a global energy company consolidating 15 arrays on the 2 VMAXes. To take advantage of the fundamental trends of cloud and Big Data, we've not only made transformational changes to our product portfolio but we've also expanded our customers' options for how they buy IT as well. As a result, our go-to-market model has evolved considerably over the past several years. We've strengthened and expanded our lines of partnerships, invested heavily in our channel relationships, expanded our reseller base and sharpened our services capabilities to help our customers successfully transition to cloud architectures. One of the greatest differences today compared with just a few years ago is the advent of IT service providers, and this is a trend that we've not only followed but fostered. We teamed up early with several key cloud service providers including CSC, Verizon Terremark, AT&T, Telefonica, Rackspace, Cable & Wireless, Colt, Telstra and many, many others. This early entry allowed us to pioneer this new space together and it's given us a head start on creating the technology solutions necessary to support enterprise cloud services. Some of the essentials we have found included giving our partners tools to support things like policy-based service levels and flexible disaster recovery service modules. The recently announced VMAX SP is an excellent example. As a result, many of these SPs are standardized on EMC's technology for their business class as a service offerings. We continue to see rapid growth from the service provider vertical. The alliance we announced with Atos in February is an excellent example of how we work with our service provider partners to ensure customers have control, flexibility and choice. Atos' new cloud services company Canopy will provide a one-stop shop for cloud services, offering customers platform-as-a-service as well as a variety of applications available for a Software-as-a-Service model. Both of these are powered by best-of-breed technology from EMC and VMware. And in June, we announced a partnership with Verizon Terremark where they will standardize upon EMC technology for their private and hybrid cloud offerings as well as for public cloud offerings. These joint collaborations enable EMC and our service partners to deliver dramatic customer value. The number of Software-as-a-Service offerings provided by our 50-plus primary partners increased over 100% from Q1. This rapid ramp reflects the strength of demand for enterprise-class public cloud offerings. As the technology provider to those looking to build their public cloud platforms on proven and trusted architectures, we expect to benefit as the world transitions to hybrid cloud over the next several years. Our channel program has evolved considerably over the past 1.5 years as we set out to create a partner experience with EMC that's profitable, predictable and simple. The result has been incremental revenue to EMC and our partners alike. In fact, since we began the transformation of our channel program early last year, we've captured over $0.5 billion of revenue from these new partners, many of whom are small bars that used to be beyond our reach. Vblock has continued to gain traction in enterprise data centers as well as in cloud service providers as demand continues to show very strong growth in Q2. Existing customers continue to expand their Vblock footprint, and VCE is winning new customers at a strong rate. VCE was recently selected to provide the infrastructure for Europe's first education cloud in Northern Ireland, which is a central repository of education materials accessible to 350,000 students and teachers in 1,200 schools. We remain on track to reach the $1 billion run rate for Vblocks. Finally, we'd like to welcome Praveen Akkiraju, VCE's new CEO who previously was the GM of Cisco's routing technology group. Our services organization continues to be instrumental in transitioning customers to cloud architectures, transforming IT and virtualizing their mission-critical applications. A greater focus on solution-selling in cooperation with VMware, VCE, RSA and Greenplum has also been beneficial to EMC as well as to our customers. And our focus on customer service has not gone unnoticed as we were honored with 3 TSIA Star Awards for service in excellence in Q2. When customers think through how they want to build their cloud data centers, some choose to buy best-of-breed products sold separately, typically when the customer has specific requirements and prefers to configure a solution on their own. Some customers seek the ease and efficiency of our reference architecture with some flexibility on the server or networking side, which they can get with VSPEX, and over 400 partners have certified their VSPEX solutions. Finally, there are situations where the customer know if they want to truly converge infrastructure with best-of-breed products and they want to deploy solutions rapidly as possible. These customers buy Vblocks. Our ability to provide these options gets us into more opportunities and is important to the customer. We're the only company that offers this degree of flexibility and choice. In sum, our go-to-market model differentiates us from the competition as our approach makes the right tool for the job available to many types of customer in the way that makes the most sense for them. Our focus on the customer, which has guided our strategy for so many years, continues to serve us well, as we saw in our Q2 financial results. While macro headwinds, including the economies in Europe and the euro, increased during the quarter, we still grew the overall business by 10% year-over-year or 12% in constant currency. Within this, North America was up 14%; EMEA was down 1%, though up 5% in constant currency; APJ grew 14%; Latin America was up 2% and up 12% in constant currency; and BRIC plus 13 grew 20% or 24% in constant currency. Now let's turn to the income statements. A useful way to understand how we achieve our EPS growth is to look at the various puts and takes driving the change in EPS year-on-year. To that end, we're providing a waterfall analysis to show how various income statement items have contributed to the non-GAAP EPS growth we achieved in Q2. As has been the case for the last several quarters, gross margin improvement was an important factor. This quarter, non-GAAP gross margins were 64.4%, up 210 basis points from last year's Q2. The improvement here was driven primarily by an increase in volume and mix benefit of higher-margin products. As you can see in the waterfall charts, increase in gross margin dollars was the biggest contributor to our EPS growth. Non-GAAP operating margins were a solid 24%, up 90 basis points from Q2 of last year. Within the operating expense line, SG&A grew a little slower than revenue and R&D grew faster than revenue as we continue to invest in our leading-edge product portfolio. As a result, growth in OpEx partially offset the robust gains from gross profits. Overall, our operating and financial model delivered solid EPS leverage this quarter. Taking a look at a couple of other items that have a meaningful impact on EPS growth. Our tax rate was 25% compared to 22% in Q2 of 2011. We now expect our tax rate for the full year to be 22%, reflecting a higher mix of revenue and profits in the U.S. This assumes the U.S. R&D tax credit is passed in Q4. The other important fact this quarter was share counts. In Q2, shares outstanding were about 58 million shares lower than in Q2 '11, a result of settling the first tranche of our converts, as well as share repurchases. Other expense was $35 million non-GAAP. We've updated our full year guidance for other expense to reflect some gains from strategic investments in Q2. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.39, up 11% from last year. These results are a great example of the resiliency of our model and the discipline of our execution. Q2 free cash flow was $958 million, up 36% and $91 million higher than non-GAAP net income for the period. Contributing to this was continued strong growth in deferred revenues, up 30% year-on-year to $7.1 billion. We closed Q2 with $10.9 billion in cash and investments, and of this, $3.7 billion was U.S. cash, excluding VMware. We spent approximately $520 million on acquisitions in the quarter. We returned $260 million of our cash to shareholders via the repurchase of EMC stock in Q2 and we expect to buy $700 million worth of EMC shares in 2012. Looking forward, we do not expect the economy to get better this year, but we do like how we've positioned the company near term and long term. We believe we have the right strategy in place to leverage the 3 major waves of change in IT: cloud, Big Data and trust. We have leadership positions in many of the key areas enabling these waves. We have a best-of-breed product portfolio with breadth and depth that is unique in the industry. We have a great track record of helping customers and very high customer loyalty and satisfaction. We have a solid operational and financial model that has demonstrated success across cycles. And we're fortunate to have a global EMC team that is second to none. As a result of these and given our results so far in 2012, we expect to achieve $22 billion of revenues, $1.70 in non-GAAP EPS and $4.9 billion in free cash flow this year. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe, who will give you more color on the quarter and the great opportunities that lie ahead of us. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Thanks, David, and a warm welcome to all of you who have joined us for today's call. Thank you very much. I would like to take a moment to publicly congratulate David on his promotion to President and Chief Operating Officer of EMC. The board and I are extremely confident in David's abilities and the people of EMC are solidly behind him. We know he will do a great job. David, as always, it's a pleasure working with you. I would also like to sincerely and deeply thank Paul Maritz and Pat Gelsinger for the many, many contributions they have made towards the success of VMware and EMC, respectively, over the past several years and congratulate them as they take on their new roles. I look forward to continue to work closely with both of you also. Focusing back on our Q2 results and accomplishments, I am pleased with our performance and our execution. We maintained double-digit top line growth, produced leverage on the bottom line and focused on our customer's success and satisfaction. Given the choppy global economic environment, these accomplishments were quite noteworthy. I'd like to congratulate and thank the more than 55,000 people of EMC and VMware around the world who produced these financial results while remaining dedicated to our customers. Well done. I would now like to comment on what we are seeing in the global economy and its impact on IT spending. On the macro front, pretty much everywhere in the world we are seeing more caution and more scrutiny before any decisions to procure any IT product or service is made. There is an air of uncertainty that permeates the world stage right now. Customers want to ensure that they will get a good return on their investment in a shorter time frame. Despite this macro trend, customers do understand that they need to continue to better drive better productivity through the use of information technology. This helps to assure them a differentiation, a competitive advantage, and helps drive down their overall cost. Translating all of this into IT spending metrics, we now expect global IT spending growth to be around 3% this year, possibly a tick less. Previously, we believed that 2012 IT spending growth would be in the higher end of the 3% to 4% range. Net-net against this backdrop in Q2, we grew our revenues in the Americas and APJ by 14% year-over-year while our business in EMEA declined 1%. But to give you a little more color, we showed several points of growth in Northern Europe and several points of decline in Southern Europe. And again, we saw our highest growth rates in the rapid-growth economies. Across our BRIC plus 13 countries, we grew approximately 20% in Q2 versus the same period last year. Looking at our year-over-year growth from a vertical industry perspective. Our business with service providers, media, government and in financial services grew faster than our overall Q2 10% growth rate average while our growth in local government, education and to the service sector was considerably slower. Clearly, we at EMC and VMware are well positioned in markets such as virtualization, storage and security that are growing faster than the IT average and it is equally clear that we are gaining share. Undoubtedly, a key reason for our success is the well-placed strategy and focus we have in cloud computing, Big Data and trust. But a company cannot rest on its past successes in this extremely fast-paced IT world we live in. And the best strategies, winning strategies: live, breathe, morph and grow. A winning strategy allows one's total addressable market or TAM to expand considerably and, when coupled with crisp execution, leads to profitable growth. In our case, EMC and VMware have enhanced and extended our strategies and have honed our focus on 3 core missions. Strategy one, which is VMware's primary mission, will focus on transforming data center infrastructures into truly automated software-defined data centers with cloud scale and style. Additionally, VMware will continue to have a strategic focus on supporting corporate end users in a multi-device post-PC world. Strategy two will focus on the development community with technology, services and platform support to build out a new generation of cloud and Big Data applications. And strategy three, which is EMC's primary mission, will focus on transforming the storage market with industry-leading products and services that feature game-changing technologies like FAST part, FAST software and Flash hardware. And we at EMC will focus on extending our RSA security assets to assure trust in this new cloud and Big Data era. Doing this properly with visionary leadership and solid execution will drive a new wave of opportunity our way. So to that end, we have assigned 3 world-class IT leaders: Pat, Paul and David, respectively. They each lead 1 of these 3 major strategic vectors and each of them has a dedicated, talented team to help assure crisp execution. Getting this right will be critical to our future success, and I can assure you, we are maniacally focused on getting it right. With that, I will now turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. [Operator Instructions] We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Operator, can we open up the lines for the first question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ittai Kidron with from Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Joe, maybe you can talk a little bit more about Europe. You mentioned north being a little bit better than the south, but could you talk about the evolution through the quarter, what have you seen? And in your assessment when you're looking at your customers in Southern Europe, how long do you think they can kind of hold out on spending before things kind of catch up to them and they have to, whether they like it or not, spend on storage, data still grows downturn or not?
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, Ittai, first of all, the customers in Europe are spending, they're just not spending as much. If you -- and a lot of the difference in -- several points of the difference was currency, I think. It 6 points of difference, I think. At -- with -- at constant currency, we grew 5% in Europe, and of course in reported it was minus 1%. So a lot of it -- a lot of the headwinds in Europe is currency, and from the news today it looks like that's continuing. So there is a drive in Europe for sure, just like there is here, for productivity. And if we can help customers with their productivity, as I said, gain competitive advantage, help control costs, get more intimate with their customers, they are investing. What they're doing is they're taking longer to invest, that they're being like the good carpenter, they're measuring twice, cutting once. And obviously, they're being -- they're buying just exactly what they need and not buying in excess. So it's not that we're down on Europe by any means, but it is we are feeling the effect. And I think this will be with us for a while. I don't think this is a short-term phenomena. And that causes you to have things that are more back-end loaded because it just takes longer to get through all of the approval cycles. So I think all of those things kick in. But Europe is not just laying flat doing nothing, they are spending.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Ittai.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Marshall with ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Specifically with respect to cloud storage, public cloud storage business, small as that is, and as, well, there's more open APIs out there, obviously these -- a lot of these infrastructures are home-grown IT kind of taking an NFS, some in JBOD. Can you talk a little bit about, as this growth kind of ramps up pretty quickly here, what the impacts to EMC will be and other traditional enterprise storage vendors over time and how you might offset any migration of Tier 2 workloads that you might see there over time?
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, as you saw, Brian, the first market I mentioned in terms of high growth for us was to service providers, so there's a concept out there that we're not selling -- they're all home growing their own, and that's simply not true. If you look across our line of -- we have a VMAX specifically for service providers. There's a lot of interest in Isilon, scale-out; tremendous interest in Atmos and in -- and also VNX. So we are -- and so it is a big market for us, and if you look at that market collectively, we're doing actually quite well in it. So we believe that our strategy of having a play both inside building cloud, inside customers' data centers, the private cloud, and working that in conjunction and building out a big ecosystem of public cloud providers is a winning strategy. And so far, that's working quite well. And we're going to keep pushing. And you see, the growth of some of these products, like Atmos, is pretty impressive.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I want to dive into the gross margin a little bit. David, you had mentioned several different times about the mix towards the VMAX, to the new high-end platforms, and referencing the software richness of that platform, Unisphere, as well as extending FAST functionality out to heterogeneous environments. Just curious, as that ramps, should -- does that new platform bring with it a richer mix from a gross margin relative to the prior platform? Any help on that would be greatly appreciated.
David I. Goulden: Sure. And as I pointed out on my -- in my comments, the biggest driver both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter in the improvement in gross margin is the mix shift towards higher-gross-margin products. And in that, obviously with us having a decent rebound in the Symmetrix product line, that helps a little bit in the gross margin particularly on the quarter-on-quarter basis. And yes, I mean, our approach is to -- as more of the value in the storage stack moves into software, obviously wraps into appliances in our storage platforms, we'll try and increase the overall software content. And on the newer products, the software attach rate is typically higher, and that's part of our strategies. So that is a part of our ongoing program to maintain forward movement in margins.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Aaron.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just on the mid-end business, I think we saw a deceleration in revenue growth after several quarters of above 20% growth. Could you -- was that just all macro, how we come up against more difficult comparisons? And then a question for Joe, just on the Nicira acquisition, how does that strain the VC relationship, do you think, if at all?
David I. Goulden: All right, thank you. Let me start off with the mid-tier. So there are -- a few factors are going on in mid-tier growth this quarter. First of all, as we said last quarter, we did expect from Q1 to Q2 the growth in mid-tier to come down because of the stronger compare. If you recall, last year it was -- in Q2 was the first full quarter of VNX and there was a fair amount of pent-up demand for that, so that caused a little bit of a reduction in growth rates. Also, a couple of other factors. Europe is actually overweight from a mix point of view towards mid-tier. So a higher percentage of total revenues are in Europe for mid-tier given the nature of that market. And of course with euro -- with Europe being down because of the economy, of course, with the euro effect, that has a slightly bigger impacts on mid-tier than it did on the overall business. A couple of other comments: The channel in mid-tier remains strong, which is important for us. All the key major parts of mid-tier family, the VNX Family, BRS, Isilon, all grew. And then if you look quarter-on-quarter, mid-tier actually grew 3%, which is quite respectable. So when you kind of put all that together, that's really the story on mid-tier. And finally, I think, when the dust settles and you look at our 10% and you look at how others are going to wind up reporting this quarter for that segment of the marketplace, I think we're going to look pretty good.
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes, on the Nicira front. And obviously, I should say Nicira and the VX land front, which together are VMware's initiatives in the SDN arena. Paul Maritz made it very clear yesterday, and I'll second what he said, that our strategy with Cisco is very important and continue to play very much with Cisco. There's a tremendous amount of opportunity where Cisco can add their hardware layer, their software layer, their firmware layer and their ASIC layer, and we think this is not a one's -- a one versus the other. I think it -- we're -- doing these well both together can give the new experience that the software-defined data center in total demands. And as such, both John Chambers and I and our teams remain extremely committed to the VCE initiative and joint venture.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Kulbinder.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Joe, could you just take us through the dynamics with Symmetrix and V-Max over the next couple of years? I know you've always talked about that being a sort of a mid- to high-single-digit growth business. As VNX is growing capacity, has that kind seen a kind of cannibalization on VMAX? So sort of a refresh on your views on that growth rate for that business.
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, I still remain -- and I'll let David comment too. I still remain convinced that this is -- this will be a growth business for us, albeit in the single digits, mid to lower, mid-6 single-digit range. It is -- I think it's the functionality, the performance, the way auto tier storage are just critical to today's environment, cloud environments, as well as yesterday's environments. So I think we're well positioned. We're going to keep investing in it. I know there was a lot of worry last quarter when we had a decline. We said that, that was the effect of a very tough compare. We said that was the result of being 3 years since we announced the new VMAX. And we said point blank that, as much candor as I could, that we were going to have a significant VMAX relaunch at EMC World, which we did. And we said on the back of that, we believe that we would return to the growth rates that we predicted. So here we are.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Next in queue is Ben Reitzes with Barclays.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Could you talk a little more specifically about Isilon? What was that particular growth rate in the quarter? How's the momentum there? And what do you think will happen with demand once Mavericks is out?
David I. Goulden: All right, Ben, thank you. Let me take that. Isilon was the fastest-growing of our major mid-tier families. I'm not going to break out the exact number, but it was a strong growth rate. As I mentioned in the call, we are seeing the traditional use case being strong. We're also seeing Isilon playing more in the data center and in more of the traditional file -- large file applications. I think that Mavericks is going to basically just expand the opportunity. The Isilon value proposition is really absolutely true scale-outs. And as we add more of those enterprise services, the TAM for Isilon is going to continue. So I think we're just going to kind of continue to keep that product moving forward. I think the growth rates are not going to slow down in the foreseeable future. It's doing very well.
Tony Takazawa: Okay, thanks, Ben.
Operator: Next in queue is Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs.
Bill C. Shope - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: There's been a growing amount of confusion over storage market share trends, with some calling into question the third-party data firms. And I think investors are really struggling to parse that organic and inorganic share shifts amongst the players. Can you help us understand what your data is telling us in terms of your market share trends? And in particular, how do you benchmark your performance versus NetApp over the past several quarters?
David I. Goulden: Bill, thanks. Ultimately, when it comes down to market share, it's all about math. I mean, you just need to get the math right. And I think there's been a little bit of confusion because of -- comparisons have included organic and inorganic growth, et cetera. The way to look -- the way we look at it is really very simple: We think the right way of looking at growth is, first of all, to kind of not break out individual products but look at the broad market performance of the different businesses. The other thing is to make sure you include a true what we would call apples-to-apples growth rates, so you include all the revenues from acquired companies as if you acquired them in prior periods. And then once you do that, here's how the math works out, it's really quite simple. If we look at NetApps and we look at the last 4 quarters of growth rate, including the guidance for their current quarter, their 4-quarter growth rate average is 4%. If you look at our business -- and by the way, that 4% includes services that have been growing faster than their products. If you look at our business and you just look at the mid-tier product category alone, that same 4-quarter apples-to-apples growth rate is 19%, and if you want to really stretch the case and include Symmetrix and include all of our storage products, it's 12%. So it's either 12% or 19% against 4%. I think that's the math.
Bill C. Shope - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, it's very helpful. Quick follow-up, if I could. It looks like the new VMAX cycle's pretty much on track with historical cycles. But how should we think about that over the next few quarters, the ramp's impact on margins and revenues relative to prior SIM cycles? And how do you think the macro-environment may influence that adoption curve?
David I. Goulden: Well, Bill, obviously, as I mentioned, we're actually very pleased with the adoption rate of the new family, which as you know is the 10K, the 20K and the 40K, with about 1/3 of the new systems revenue this quarter coming in from that new family. So we're getting out of the gate a little bit faster. I think that next quarter we'll probably get closer to 50%. So we've always said it takes between 2 and 3 quarters to get to a 50% transition on a new family. It looks like, in this case, we'll be there a little sooner. And relative to the macro, nothing really to add. As Joe said, it's impacting everybody, but we've been executing well against that so I don't think that particularly is a dynamic against the VMAX transition rate.
Operator: Next in queue is Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I had a question on September. And David, specifically for you, if you could talk about within the context of the overall guidance for the year of $22 billion, is it your anticipation that September relative to June, any comments there on the sequential patterns? And then as part of that, for the overall operating margin guidance within -- the guidance was 24%. It would appear that you're anticipating that operating margins will be down sequentially in the September quarter, assuming a normal December bump. Is there anything that you want to call out? I would think that margins would actually increase with the VMAX ramping, but anything that you would want to call out for the operating margins in the September quarter or otherwise?
David I. Goulden: Keith, we're really going to try and not get into talking around individual quarters, obviously with we've done for the first half and what we guide to for the second half. The math for the second half is relatively clear. Europe is in an environment that is typically, as you know, being more impacted. September is typically the weakest quarter for Europe, so that's one of the factors to bear in mind. But beyond that, we're not really going to get into the dynamics between Q3 and Q4. We are clearly expecting a stronger Q4. And we're expecting a degree of budget flush in Q4 consistent with prior years to get to the overall number.
Keith F. Bachman - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Well, then, perhaps I'll just get a follow-up in there on the -- Joe, for you, on the server side, if you could talk a little bit about the impact of specifically when you anticipate getting some revenues on VCache (sic) [VFCache] and/or the V Thunder side. In the corollary, if you could also talk about your views on the impact to storage spending as a consequence of more Flash on the server side.
Joseph M. Tucci: First of all, we are getting revenue from VFCache. You've got to remember, what is important? There's 4 things that are important when you consider storage. One is, what performance do you need for that information? And again, that's going to change over time, so the performance you need for an -- for that particular piece of information today might be less than the future usually is: the persistency of that information, the longevity of that information and how much you want to share that information. The answer to those questions tells you where to place your storage and what type of storage to use. We have software that seamlessly and agilely moves and fits that information across these storage types and medias that I just mentioned. And again, this is the key to when you talk about a software-defined data center. That's what you want to have happened. So it's not a "one size fits all" world, that's kind of yesterday's paradigm. The cloud paradigm is basically saying, what does the application need? What does it need to meet my SLAs? What does it need to meet my policies? And then, what type of device am I going to select, okay, what type of media? And then, where am I going to place that media? So I could take the storage and I could put it on a PCI card and put it right into the server. I can put it on the server side of the network, in a project like we have, like Thunder. We can put it, of course, in arrays and we can put both Flash -- memory Flash and storage -- spinning storage devices, media devices, in those arrays. And that's where we're playing. And we're all automating it through our FAST technology, and that's basically going to be root. I talked about one of the roots of the software-defined data center: How do you do that automatically? That's where we're spending our money. So it's -- that's the way we're playing the game, and a lot of the other stuff is just the bunk.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Keith.
Operator: Next in queue is Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just have a question. If I look at the reiteration of the 2012 revenue guide, this implies you've got about 53% of the total revenues in the back half of the year, which is about what you've done for the last few years. And so I'm just trying to connect the dots between an essential reiteration of the guidance seasonality in the back half versus your commentary that demanded that you down-ticked on a macro basis in the last few months. Is there a delta? Is there a market share shift that you expect to be extremely in your favor? What's driving seasonal expectations still for the back half?
David I. Goulden: Actually, one of the key things we talked about is that we really saw these increased economic pressures in Q2 and we looked at the growth rate we achieved in Q2 and we kind of look at what customers are telling us about the rest of the year in light of these current economic headwinds, and that's how we get to $22 billion. If you do the math against the seasonal average, you'd actually get to slightly above $22 billion. The way we looked at it, if you just apply the seasonal math, you might get nearer to $22.3 billion. But to your point, Amit, things are a little tougher than they were in Q1 so that's why we feel the number, $22 billion, is kind of where the -- our expectations come out.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: Next in queue is Maynard Um with Wells Fargo.
Maynard Joseph Um - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wonder if you can talk a little bit more about the competitive environment. You talked about Isilon presumably taking share from NetApp. But any other detail where and from whom you're taking share, or is it primarily NetApp? And just related to that, how to -- how do you think about pricing environment going forward, particularly if you continue to take share from your competitors?
David I. Goulden: Maynard, let me take that. When we look at market share, there are really a couple of major buckets. There are the server vendors that collectively still have, depending upon how you want to count the math, between 30% and 40% of the network storage market. And then there are the more specialized people like NetApps, Hitachi, et cetera. And we kind of look at share in total, as opposed to focus upon one or the other of those. We mentioned how we do against NetApp because that question has come in recent times. We still think the right opportunity is to continue to take share collectively from the server vendors, and that's one of our biggest areas of focus for them. While storage is important, it's just not as important as it is for us. And as you know, this is again where technology and investment and dedication is important and that's where we tend to win and focus. So that's the bigger pool. And then from a pricing environment, it's tough out there, it has been all year. But as you see, because of the innovation, the quality, the differentiation of our products, we've been able to maintain our gross margin despite what continues to be a tough marketplace. So we feel good about our position there as well.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Maynard.
Operator: The next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Stanford (sic) [Sanford] Bernstein.
A.M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Perhaps this is for Joe. But I was wondering again if you could comment on the macro. If I look at VMware's results, they did equally well outside of the U.S., as they did inside the U.S. If I look at EMC, I think your growth rate in the U.S. was 14%. Outside the U.S., you were about 6% or 7%, so very wide differential. Perhaps you can comment on why that might be. And then related to that, at what level of IT spend or at what level of the euro do you begin to get uncomfortable with your current forecast? And how should we be thinking about that?
Joseph M. Tucci: Want to take the euro part?
David I. Goulden: Yes. Toni, let me take the second part of that. As Joe said, we now expect IT spend about 3 or a tick less. And we're comfortable with that level. At the euro, when we put our numbers together -- first of all, let's just talk about the euro for a second and the impact that's having upon our business. If we look at Q2 quarter, Q2 year-end growth rates, it's about $250 million headwind year-on-year. And about $0.03 is the impact of the euro this year versus last year. Current spot rates, that includes -- then it goes up to like $280 million, $290 million on year-on-year impact and still about $0.03. And euro, at the level of where it was at quarter end and where it is now in that range, is consistent with our thinking about guidance. So those are the 2 parameters: 3 or a little less IT spending, and euro between where it is now and where it was at quarter end and again understand, relative to our growth rate, where it is now year-on-year, the euro is having about 150 basis points of year-on-year headwind growth on us. So when you kind of compare this year versus last year, you're going to take that into account. So those are the assumptions that go into the guidance that we've given. And then relative to EMC versus VMware outside U.S., I'll let Joe take that one.
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes. I mean, Toni, if you look at our results and if you look at the Americas and you look at APJ, we grew 14%. If you looked at the BRIC plus-plus countries that we focused on, we grew 20%. So obviously, we're pointing to the problem in Europe. While we don't break out Europe per se, EMEA itself, Europe, Africa, Middle East, was down 1%. And if you look at the constant currency, it was up 5%. And we also said, Toni, that we did much better in the north than we did in the south. So where is it? So if you'll bring that down, where is the real problem? The real problem's in Southern Europe. And why is that a little bit different than VMware? I'd say you can always, on something like storage, push it off a bit. And there was a good question: So how long do you think customers can push it off? It's not forever because, eventually, information is going to grow, you need a place to put it. You need a place for it to live. You need it to be managed. So you can only put that off so long. But I think, on the shorter jam down the -- you can say, "Look, I'm just going to get a little -- I'm just going to push it a little harder, get a little higher, raise the -- always cause -- get productivity tools and make sure you raise your utilization rates. And that's what we're seeing. So it really is that one spot in the world that's causing our problem.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Toni. We have time for one more question, and then we'll have a few concluding comments from Joe..
Operator: Final question comes from Steve Milunovich with UBS.
Steven Milunovich - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Regarding the cost and expenses, could you talk a bit about what you expect in second half component cost and particularly what's going on with disk drives? And do you expect R&D to continue to grow at about a 25% year-over-year rate?
David I. Goulden: Steve, on drives, good news is that the supply shortages are completely behind us at this point in time. We do start to expect price reductions in drives to start appearing in the second half, but it'll be a while before they get back to what I'll call pre-flood levels. But the good news is that we're beyond the availability shortages certainly when we look at our TAM and our needs. Relative to OpEx, we do expect that the R&D growth will continue to outpace revenue growth, but probably a little lower rate than we saw in the second quarter. But investment there is still critical for us. And as we said, this is a technology game, so that's what we're focusing our investment dollars this year versus the SG&A.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Steve. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, thanks, everybody, for attending. We really do appreciate it. In summary, we've been very open. We said the economic headwinds in Europe are going to remain choppy at best and we expect this to continue for a while. But globally and on the IT front, we think we're strategically very well positioned and we have momentum. The customers are -- all importantly, are giving us permission to play in our extended strategic areas that we've talked about today. We are really blessed to have a great and dedicated leadership team with us with a really solid depth. And the people of EMC and VMware very much believe in the opportunity and in our future. So I thank you very much for being with us again, and I'll be -- we'll be talking to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa -  David I. Goulden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee Patrick P. Gelsinger - President of Information Infrastructure Products and Chief Operating Officer of Information Infrastruture Product
Analysts: Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Brian John White - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Shebly Seyrafi Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Q1 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning, welcome to EMC's Call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2012. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. To kick things off, David will comment on our results and how these tie with the execution of our strategy. He will also discuss our outlook for the rest of 2012. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT, EMC's vision and strategy and how EMC is helping customers navigate the massive transformation happening in IT regarding cloud, Big Data and trust. After their prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today, in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of emc.com. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Finally, I would like to point out that we are providing you with an update to our projected financial model for 2012. This model lays out all of the key assumptions and discrete financial expectations that are the foundation of our 2012 outlook. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions in context and in ensuring that these expectations are currently incorporated into your models. This model is included in today's webcast, and it is also available for download in the IR section of emc.com. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dave Goulden. David?
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that EMC had a strong start to 2012. As you know, there's a major transformation happening in IT today, and the challenge for all of us is to make sure we correctly align our businesses to best take advantage of the opportunity the change provides. EMC's ability to correctly identify and invest in these changes has been a major reason for our success and enabled us to grow revenue 11% year-over-year this quarter with non-GAAP EPS up 19% and free cash flow up 67%. We are in a truly unprecedented time of transformation. IT is transforming with the shift to cloud computing. Businesses are transforming as they better leverage Big Data to deliver greater insight and uncover new opportunities. And the new threat environments is transforming the way customers think about trust. We at EMC are transforming our portfolio and operations to best take advantage of these major shifts. We believe that we have positioned EMC well, and our solid results are ongoing proof that we're executing on our strategy to address the major trends in cloud, Big Data and trust. Based on our strong start to the year and how we feel about our opportunity, we are now more confident about what we can achieve in 2012. Looking across our businesses, it's clear that EMC is very well equipped to help customers navigate the waves of change they are facing today. As a foundation for customers cloud and Big Data initiatives, information storage continues to thrive. With varied use cases and data types, EMC's broad and deep portfolio continues to prove to be best-of-breed. As a case in point, information storage continues the trend on solid growth with revenues up 7% in Q1. High-end storage product revenue was down 10% year-on-year versus a very strong Q1 last year. As you may recall, we had an unusually strong first quarter in 2011 due to the introduction of FAST VP in conjunction with VMAX. In that quarter, high-end product was up 25% year-on-year and a very strong and unusual 12% sequentially. Whilst the significant variance in these year-on-year growth rates had a meaningful impact on the year-on-year growth and inflation storage revenue, we're comfortable with how our storage business is trending. After 2 years of above trend line growth, we expect the high-end storage market to return to the long-term single-digit growth profile we projected for the segment. Customers at the high-end seek the very best in performance, scalability and reliability, and VMAX is the best position to meet these needs as it offers unmatched combination of innovative features. Fully automated storage tiering or FAST software, along with Flash, fiber and SATA drives allows customers to consolidate different tiers of data onto a single array and reduce their data center footprint. While the scale-out architecture of VMAX, coupled with Flash, improves transactional performance dramatically while accommodating explosive data growth. And we continuously improve our Symmetrix product line as technology and customer needs evolve. We recently became the first enterprise storage vendor to achieve validation of 140 encryption for all drive types including Flash with our Symmetrix data arrest encryption module. This module, which protects the information from unauthorized access at the individual drive level, can be integrated with RSA key management. The unmatched combination of leading-edge capabilities at the high-end is why Amaron, a power company with 3.4 million electric and gas customers, selected VMAX for their mission-critical Oracle database and custom application environments. With 100 terabytes of data being added to its infrastructure each year, Amaron was struggling to keep up with its data growth and increasing IT management costs while advancing their VMware virtualization and cloud computing strategy. With VMAX using FAST and a combination of Flash fiber channel and SATA drives, they were able to reduce their annual capital expenses by 50%, increase transactional performance by 30% and achieve power and cooling savings of 28%. In its second full quarter of availability, VMAXe revenue continues to ramp as it meets the requirements between a low-end VMAX and a high-end VNX and extends the reach of the VMAX family to new customers, usages and price points. Such was the case with a fast-growing community college system in Texas. By consolidating its infrastructure onto a VMAXe, the school system dramatically improved its ability to provide students with the latest educational technology and tools, respond more quickly to the needs of local employers and increase the overall efficiency and reliability of their operational systems. The VMAXe was part of a larger win with a customer who also implemented EMC Avamar, Networker, RecoverPoint, vSphere and Vcenter Site Recovery Manager for their 97% virtualized infrastructure. VPLEX continues to be an integral part of our portfolio, as a unique product that dissolves distance and enables data centers to be truly active/active for the first time. This was illustrated by a draw and a larger win in Q1, this one is healthcare. This transaction include a number of complementary EMC products including VMAX within a vBlock, Data Domain and Avamar. To complete its life-critical continuous computing platform, the hospital needed active/active data center configuration that VPLEX Metro made possible. VPLEX's ability to move vSphere applications between data centers several towns apart without interruption will enable them to fully leverage their virtualized infrastructure and lower the total cost of ownership. Our mid-tier products continue to perform very well, with product revenue growth up 26% year-on-year. And by the way, this is 100% organic growth. So no growth bump from acquisitions. Our portfolio of mid-tier storage capabilities is a great match with customers expanding requirements in this area.  Our VNX Family, which we introduced in Q1 of last year, is living up to our high expectations. Customers and partners alike like its functionality, simplicity, efficiency and lower cost of ownership. With its unified architecture, unparalleled VMware integration, incorporation of Flash for both cache and storage and ability to automatically tier data with FAST, the VNX continues to win us a bigger footprint with customers. And the VNXe, which offers affordable simplicity and efficiency to smaller customers and remote offices, has firmly established EMC as a player in the low-end of the market. Since it's introduction, the VNX Family has brought just under 6,000 brand new customers to EMC, many of whom have been acquired via the more than 2,000 new channel partners who started selling EMC over the same period of time. Together, the VNX and VNXe allow us to meet a broad set of need to customers, seeking the flexibility of unified storage. One such customer was a global aluminum company that is consolidating its IT infrastructure worldwide to 3 primary data centers plus a DR site and approximately 30 remote offices. The primary data centers will use VNXs with VMware to consolidate applications and significantly reduce costs. While the 30 remote offices will use VNXe 3100 arrays for primary storage. This example illustrates how valuable it is to have a broad array of products in today's rapidly changing IT environments. This same customer, by the way, also purchased our full suite of backup products to address the various backup needs across their next-gen infrastructure. Isilon continues to flourish, with total revenue almost doubling from Q1 year ago. Isilon technology plays an important role among our mid-tier products as it meets customer's cloud and Big Data requirements across industries and use cases. Our scale at NAS architecture is exceptionally well suited for extremely large-scale Big Data needs. And in Q1, we completed what we believe was the largest capacity single-order in the history of storage, 28 petabytes with a web company. To put this into perspective, this amount of storage could hold 6 million movies. And while 28 petabytes is impressive, you need 37 million petabytes to accommodate the genetic sequence of the entire population of the United States. As you can see, we have a lot more room to grow in some of these emerging Big Data areas. Isilon is being used in more traditional enterprise implementations as well. File-based data, that might be managed -- or 10 years ago, has been growing unchecked, reaching petabyte scale in some cases. And this is where Isilon scale architecture is ideal. A case in point was the choice of Isilon by a large multi-national insurance company recently. EMC has been part of its data center for some time and used the value proposition of Isilon to consolidate their file environment in Q1. As our sales force and partners have become much better at identifying the best opportunities for Isilon, we expect to see Isilon increasingly penetrating our existing customer base. Putting the EMC name, reputation, sales force and service levels behind great new technology is a powerful combination. The result is what we call that EMC effect. We have seen the EMC effect at work for the past couple of years in our backup recovery systems business, which continues to thrive. Our market-leading backup products, which include the powerful combination of Avamar and Data Domain also lead the way into new accounts and have brought hundreds of new logos to EMC over the past several quarters. One of these in Q1 was a large financial services organization that was running out of data center floor space and running into power and cooling challenges with its large tape silos. By demonstrating that Data Domain's next gen backup architecture provides efficiency, reliability and business value, it was impossible with their tape based systems. Our BRS team was able to establish brand-new footprint in all 3 of the organizations data centers. We continue to broaden our storage portfolio in Q1 with the very exciting addition of VFCache, which extends our lead in Enterprise Flash. In 2008, we were the first to bring Flash technology to enterprise storage and its value proposition to customers is clear as evidenced by the growing demand it has enjoyed ever since. We are leveraging our expertise in Enterprise Flash with VFCache, which extends the benefit of Flash into the server for dramatic performance improvements. What distinguishes VFCache is its ability to deliver extremely fast response times whilst preserving all the back end capabilities around data protection, reliability, scalability and manageability. This is a value proposition with broad appeal, as illustrated by our early customer wins including a bank in China, a financial services company in Boston, a retailer in the Middle East, a government in Asia, and a research lab in U.K., a hospital in New England and a U.S.-based telecommunications company to name but a few. Their feedback so far is very positive as they're seeing how fast some of their mission-critical applications, like Oracle and SQL, are able to run. We're also excited to be in discussions with several new generation web application companies, and you'll see us continue to enhance VFCache later this year. Later this quarter, at EMC World, you'll hear more about our next step with Flash, codenamed Project Thunder. Optimized for high-frequency, low-latency, rewrite work loads, Thunder will build upon the advanced PCIe technology delivered in VFCache to leverage the power of Flash through a dedicated server-networked flash-based appliance. Building Flash into many places in the IT infrastructure, while fully leveraging it with intelligent automated software that operates across this stack, is the real secret sauce to delivering value. What the customer cares about is having the right data at the right time in the right place at the right cost. And making this happen involves servers leveraging Flash at one end of the spectrum, the high-capacity SATA drives and storage arrays at the other. We have the end-to-end expertise with Enterprise Flash and data storage unmatched in the industry, and we'll continue to build on our opposition as the innovative leaders in Enterprise Flash. When we look back at the storage products we've just discussed, VMAX, VPLEX, VNX, Isilon, Data Domain, Avamar, VFCache, you can see this is a very different portfolio than what we had just 3 years ago. One that's been purposely assembled to address new requirements brought about by the rapidly changing IT environments. Our recent win at a global humanitarian organization is an excellent example of the power of EMC's portfolio in this new world. Rotary International implemented VNXe, Isilon, Avamar and vSphere to better manage its growing digital assets, deploy a Vblock for its mission critical applications and primary storage and leverages VNXe at a second facility to replicate data. Rotary was able to build a solid foundation for its virtualization environment on EMC's suite of complementary products which have been optimized for these environments. The result is simplified management, strengthened data protection, predictable performance and improved efficiency. This is our strategy at work. Increasingly, businesses are being transformed by their ability to unlock the value of data stored within their organization and in the outside world. We identified this trend early and began making investments to capture the opportunity Big Data presents, starting with the acquisition of Greenplum in 2010. Greenplum has since made great strides in the space with several achievements in Q1 alone, including the industry's first and only enterprise-proven Hadoop solution on the scale out NAS architecture with Isilon, enabling end-to-end data protection for Hadoop Big Data. The designation, as a leader, enterprise Hadoop solution by Forrester research as the first to integrate its Hadoop ETW and data integration in a single rack. The launch of the industry's first social tool kit for Big Data, Greenplum Chorus, enabling data science teams to collaborate on data sets. The acquisition of Pivotal Labs to accelerate the development of Big Data applications in the enterprise, not to mention continue very strong year-on-year growth in revenue. Greenplum is increasingly benefiting from the EMC effects. While it's early days, and the Big Data trend has quite a way to go before it reaches full potential, customers see the transformation in analytics and want to build the best technology stack with the right partners as they start on their journey to leverage Big Data. As a result, we're now seeing multimillion dollar transactions as more and more enterprises select Greenplum technology as the foundation for their next gen analytics architectures. In Q1, these wins included a large financial services company in New York, a leading supplier of industrial automation solutions in India and a multinational telecommunications company in Europe. Taking a step back, it is clear that we've anticipated how customers needs would change in this space, and we've transformed our portfolio of storage offerings to address those needs. As a result, we now have a broad portfolio of best-of-breed products, which enable customers to pick the right tool for the job they have. The offerings we have far exceed the capabilities of both the more narrowly focused storage vendors and the less focused server companies. EMC is truly unique in the storage infrastructure market. Our diverse and best-of-breed portfolio enable us to serve virtually any information storage need in just about any customer in any industry. The results has been strong and steady growth of our storage infrastructure business driven by the strong secular trends of cloud and Big Data. The successful transition to a model that leverages cloud and Big Data is dependent upon both the right infrastructure and also building trust into that infrastructure. Having a holistic and data center approach to security dangers, such as advanced persistent threats, is key to building trust and RSA has been at the forefront of this security trend. RSA's focus and execution are paying off as the business grew a strong 19% over last year's Q1. Attendance at this year's RSA security conference, the marquee conference in the industry, grew to a record 21,000 people, underscoring the growing importance of information security in today's digital world. RSA solutions are built for the modern threat environment, and customers are responding, as revenue from both our identity management and protection and our security management and compliance offerings both showed good growth over last year's Q1. RSA continues to earn accolades as our NetWitness technology received gold level honors in Security Products Magazine's Government Security Awards, was named Best Computer Forensic Tool in Secure Computing Magazine 2012 Reader's Trust and was named Best Security Solution in Government Technology Research Alliance GOVTek Awards program. NetWitness, in conjunction with Archer, enVision and DLP, worked together to provide controls and visibility features that are based on agile, predictive analysis and continuous monitoring of mass amounts of data. We'll continue to build on our data-centric approach to security to enable our customers, in turn, to take full advantage of benefits afforded by cloud and Big Data. Revenue from our Information Intelligence Group was down 4% year-on-year. In Q1, IIG released documents and mobile app for the iPhone, expanding users ability to access, share and collaborate on their preferred device and enable them to act upon information faster than ever before. IIG continues to win new customers as it did with the largest public banking organization in Turkey. With an aggressive strategy to grow its service network of more than 22,000 employees and 1,400 branch offices, Ziraat Bank chose EMC Documentum. As a result, the bank can now manage internal correspondence and regulation processes to ensure global compliance and operational efficiency, automate application processing to accelerate transactions and increase productivity across various internal departments. We are pleased with the operational and strategic progress our new leadership team is making at IIG.  VMware continues to perform very well as we execute on our strategy to be the standard for virtualization in enterprise data centers, enabling businesses to thrive in the cloud era. VMware revenue was up 25% year-on-year as customers continue to look to VMware's proven technology for virtualizing their mission-critical applications, and increasingly, rely upon VMware's management and automation tools to manage their rapidly expanding virtual environments. We continue to enhance EMC's product integration with VMware in ways that solve real-world problems and in areas that are clearly making a difference, including VPLEX for active/active data centers, ProSphere for integrated management and the inclusion of VMware as the founding partner in the VSPEX reference architecture program. Site integration with VMware is important as customers expand their virtual environments and were the key reason for several wins in Q1 alone, including a U.S.-based manufacturer, a hospital in Shanghai, a stock exchange in Asia and a mining company in Latin America. Expect to hear more about EMC and VMware working together at EMC World. EMC's initiatives to transform and expand our go-to-market model continue to pay dividends. Over the past couple of years, we've augmented our already formidable sales efforts with additional targeted service capabilities, expanded alliance partnerships, a vastly expanded resale channel and the unique joint venture in VCE. All these initiatives broaden our reach, with the result being better scale and more leverage. EMC Services business continues to thrive, as customers seek guidance on the transformation of their own IT architectures. In addition to our existing design and implementation services for cloud infrastructures, in Q1, we added offerings specific to the delivery of IT-as-a-service. These new services which are aligned around cloud infrastructure, cloud optimized applications and end-user computing, helped clients accelerate the adoption, optimization and consumption of cloud technologies. Our alliance partnerships, with service providers continue to expand, and these partners are steadily increasing their capabilities. With well over 100 public cloud services now being offered by service provider partners based upon underlying EMC technology, our entire product portfolio stands to benefit. The transformative changes we've made to our channel program in 2011 continues to be successful. Channel revenue from our S75 program which is primarily VNXe, continues to ramp steadily. As unified storage revenue throughout our top 5 partners increased 45% year-on-year in Q1. We continue to make improvements to further develop our relationships with our partners and help ensure their success. The VSPEX reference architectures we announced last week help our partners accelerate their customers transition to cloud with solutions that make the move to the cloud faster and less complex. EMC has proven several architectures for partners to package into it's storable VSPEX solutions, which are available only EMC partners. VSPEX enables customers to select the technologies that best fit their existing IT environments from a broad selection of leading vendors. For customers and partners who want to make their implementation even easier, vBlocks continues to be the answer, and demand for vBlocks in the quarter more than doubled from Q1 a year ago. As a single converged product, with components from EMC, Cisco and VMware with a single pane of glass and managements, a clear upgrade path and one point of contact for customer support, vBlocks are a compelling option for customers looking to accelerate their journey to the cloud. We're seeing significant interest in vBlocks on a global basis. Not only are many new customers starting to test out these converged products, but we see early adopters coming back to purchase multiple vBlocks to run their production applications. In fact, a growing percentage of VCE business is coming from customers who are beginning to adopt multiple vBlocks for their production environments after liking what they saw in their initial purchase. A prime example of this was a Fortune 50 customer who had an initial transaction in Q3 of last year, followed by a multimillion dollar deal in Q4, followed by a $25 million order in Q1. This deal is representative of the penetration we're seeing in competitive stronghold accounts. It is important to understand the difference between vBlocks and our newly announced VSPEX offerings as both are important to our strategy to help customers to get the cloud to most suitable way for them. For customers wanting pretested converged product, there are vBlocks, which have been available for 2 years. For customers wanting a tested and proven reference architecture with different options for network, server and hypervisor, now as VSPEX. For customers wanting to assemble solutions themselves, we have our broad portfolio of information infrastructure and virtualization products they can choose from. So in short, we offer the full continuum of options for customers to get to cloud in whatever way is best suited to them, whether it's the prebaked cake, a set of tested recipes to make the cake or just the ingredients. For some time now, our vision has been to become the undisputed leader in hybrid cloud computing, and as our results attest, we're making this happen. We've developed a strategy to help customers have the right data in the right place at the right time, where it's secure every step of the way, and where they can make the best use of cloud technology and Big Data assets in a trust environment. Our products and services portfolio and go-to-market model are evolving as we continue our own transition to help customers improve business agility, lower cost and enhance their competitive edge. This unwavering focus and steady execution supported by the strong secular trends of cloud, Big Data and trust are what have enabled us to deliver consistently solid financial results. Consolidated revenues were up a solid 11% year-on-year. Within this, North America was up 11%, EMEA was up 6% overall but was somewhat of a mixed story across the various countries, with strength in some and caution in others, Latin America and APJ were both up a strong 20%. Now taking a look at the gross margins. Obviously, we've shown significant improvements in gross margins over the last year or so. There are lots of puts and takes built into these results, so I thought it would make sense to take a few moments to discuss these factors with you so you'll have a better understanding of the dynamics. From Q1 '11 through Q4 '11, gross margin improved by a very significant 440 basis points. Apart from volume, this improvement was driven by 4 factors: The first 2 of which were margin rate impacts while the second 2 were mix effects. First was the RSA remediation cost we absorbed in Q1 '11. This resulted in what was effectively an adverse onetime impact of approximately 50 basis points to the Q1 '11 non-GAAP gross margin rate. Second was a step-function improvement to the margin rates of specific products and services which played out over the course of the year. The integration of Data Domain and Isilon into our supply chain was a big factor here. We also benefited from greater efficiencies in our services operations. Third was the benefit to mix of some low margin businesses declining through 2011. Our Consumer Products business deemphasized low-margin, resale focus hard drive systems in favor of more value-added NAS systems. In addition, we saw the decline in the Dell co-branded CLARiiON business throughout 2011. These 2 declining businesses reduced our lower margin revenues over the course of the year and have a resulting positive impact to gross margin improvements during 2011. Fourth was the improving mix of higher-margin businesses and products and we benefited from this over the course of 2011. This is an important ongoing aspect of our financial model as our faster growing businesses tend to be our higher-margin businesses. When we will look at 2012 and how we expect gross margins to progress from Q1 to Q4 this year, the first 3 of these factors will not repeat. The fourth, however, is ongoing. We certainly do expect to see continual mix-related improvements to gross margins as our higher-margin, faster growing businesses become a bigger proportion of the business. This is an important part of our strategy and a key element of our triple play, and of course, we'll continue to have the benefit from volumes as our business continues to grow. To help you understand the relative contribution to these drivers, to improvements in gross margin we saw from Q1 '11 to Q4 '11, approximately 1/2 of the improvement's gross margins through 2011 resulted from the first 3 factors that will not be repeated in 2012. We expect the growth in volume to continue to benefit the gross margin line, but obviously, the improvement from strategic mix shift will be more gradual this year and moving forward. This dynamic is reflected in our outlook for 2012. The improvement in gross margin in Q1 drove non-GAAP operating margin up 150 basis points as SG&A growth was in line with revenue growth and R&D higher, as we have projected it would be in January. Investments in our go-to-market and R&D are important to maintaining our triple play over the long-term. You'll see some of the results of these investments in the form of exciting product announcements we'll make throughout this year. Other expense was $31 million non-GAAP. We've updated our full-year guidance for Other expense reflects some gains from strategic investments in Q1. Our non-GAAP Q1 tax rate was 24%. We expect it to be 21% for the full year, assuming the U.S. R&D tax credit is passed in Q4. Non-GAAP EPS grew 19% over last year's first quarter to $0.37 per share. Share count was higher than expected due to the effect of the 39% increase in our share price in the quarter on our 2012 warrants that were settled in Q1 2012, and our on 2013 convertible and warrants. As a result, we've increased our full year share count projection by 45 million shares, the impact of which is about $0.04 for the full year 2012. We still expect 2012 non-GAAP EPS to be $1.70 due to the offsetting benefit from slightly higher operating margins than we predicted in January. Our strong execution drove record Q1 free cache flow of $1.4 billion, $611 million higher than non-GAAP net income for the period. Contributing to this was continued strong growth in deferred revenue, up 10% sequentially to $6.8 billion. We ended Q1 with $10.9 billion in cash and investments after using $1.7 billion of cash to settle the first tranche of our convertible debt in January. Our U.S. cash, excluding VMware, was down from $4.8 billion to $4 billion as a result of this repayment. Our priorities for the use of cash has not changed. We still expect to buy $700 million of EMC shares in 2012 and continue to invest in the business. With the results we continue to achieve quarter after quarter, it is clear that our strategy is the right one, our execution is solid and we're on track to deliver our triple play. This gives us greater confidence in our ability to meet and potentially exceed our 2012 goals of $22 billion of revenue, non-GAAP EPS of $1.70 and free cash flow of $4.9 billion. In summary, the business we have built is at the intersection of 3 strong secular trends, cloud, Big Data and trust, that will persist into the foreseeable future. With this fundamental shift in our favor and unparalleled combination of best-of-breed offerings, a wealth of experience and a proven track record, we think we are better positioned than any other company in IT. With continued steady acquisition, we are well on our way to achieving the financial potential we laid out for you last year. Over $28 billion in revenue in 2014, which represents compound annual revenue growth of at least 13% from 2010 and non-GAAP EPS growth even faster than this. With that, I'll hand over to Joe. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Thank you, David, and my thanks to everyone joining us for today's call. We appreciate your interest in EMC. Overall, I was very pleased with our execution and performance in Q1. I have always believed that starting at a new year with strength is incredibly important. The momentum and confidence it builds throughout EMC, our customers and our partners, is invaluable. I will talk about the economy and IT spending trends shortly, but we firmly believe that the 11% year-over-year growth rate we produced in Q1 was significantly greater than that of the IT market. And thus, we gained share. I would like to thank the more than 54,000 people of EMC and VMware for their passion to win and their dedication to our customer's success. In Q1, we saw IT spending in our business unfold pretty much as we expected and predicted. Overall IT spending growth was fairly good in the Americas and APJ, as our 11% and 20% year-over-year respective increases demonstrated. In Europe, I believe that overall IT spending growth was, at best, flat. For sure, the 6% year-over-year growth we posted in Q1 was better than average. And finally, we saw our highest growth rates in the rapid growth economies. Across our BRIC, plus 13 countries, we grew over 25% in Q1 versus the same period last year. Looking at Q1 year-over-year IT spending growth from a vertical industry point of view, we saw some softness in the banking sector. Average growth in retail, manufacturing, telco and information-technology verticals. Good growth in insurance, government, healthcare, education and media. And we saw rapid growth in and -- with service providers. Net-net, we continue to expect that global IT spending growth will be in the 3% to 4% range this year. And for sure, the IT markets for virtualization, cloud computing, information storage, information protection, information security and for information intelligence and analytics will grow faster than the IT average. And we at EMC and VMware will expect to grow faster than our total addressable market. What underpins our belief in our ability to succeed in the future is our strategy and the focus we have in cloud computing, Big Data and trust. What makes our strategy work is blend of several key ingredients that we have built deeply into our DNA. First and foremost, EMC and VMware are product companies. And as such, our mission is to produce truly innovative and distinctive products which are complemented by world-class enabling and supportive services with a tightknit partner ecosystem by our side. Our recipe to produce these innovative products calls for us to invest over 11% of revenues into organic R&D and bet heavily on our brilliant engineering teams. And in addition, to acquire smaller, best-of-breed technology companies to enhance and extend our cloud, Big Data and trust strategy and reach. This one-two punch gives us a competitive product edge and we aim to continue this winning strategy of dual innovation engines. That said, a great strategy is not sufficient alone. Equally as important, we at EMC and VMware have also built the following attributes into our DNA. We always exhibit an excellence in execution and an urgency in everything we do. We have built an accomplished executive leadership group that truly comes together as a team. We have a passion to win that permeates every level and every person in our company and most importantly, every fiber in our DNA assures we have maniacal focus on our customers. Collectively, this is our formula for success. We have limited time together today, and I would like use a bit of it to drill down on EMC's storage business and share a bit of our view on this market and our strategy. First, let's start with the media itself. We can store a string of bytes, be it measured in megabytes, gigabytes or terabytes, in memory or on a single-level cell flash device or on a multilevel cell flash device or on a high-speed spinning drive or on a SATA or so-called FAT FAST drive. I've listed these forms of media from the most expensive, highest performance on top, and in order going down, to the least expensive, lowest performance media on the bottom. By the way, the price differential here, from top to bottom, is significantly more than 100:1. And there are substantial price differentials between each of these media layers. So where's the best place to store the aforementioned string of bytes? Well the answer is, it depends. It depends on the performance requirements of the application, the business process, the activity level or how often the data is being accessed, the required retention periods for the data and I could go on and on with this. It depends. But net-net, we at EMC will use all these forms of media and undoubtedly more forms will come in the future to provide our customers with unmatched fit and choice. With these media types, we will use our strength, breadth and depth and ability to create organic and nonorganic innovation and produce truly distinctive storage products. Products like VFCache that plugs directly into a server PCIe slot. Products like Project Thunder, our coming server Flash appliance, storage products that feature 100% Flash media, and of course, we will continue to lead the market with hybrid storage arrays that incorporate memory, Flash and spinning drive technology, as this category of storage will undoubtedly make up the vast majority for years to come. Additionally, EMC will feature and support all connectivity options. Fiber Channel, FCOe, iscuzzy, NAS and direct-attached. And we will offer object, file and block access methods and scale up, scale out in geographically dispersed architectures. And across all of our storage offerings, we will fully integrate and feature advanced management and automation software like ProSphere; software like FAST, or fully automated storage tiering; software that de-duplicates and compresses redundant data; and automation for active/active distributive work loads across data centers. In short, we will have the best fit, most complete family of best-of-breed storage solutions that truly meet and exceed the needs of our most demanding customers. For sure, information storage is not, and I repeat, not a one-size-fits-all world. And all this product prowess is backed by our reputation for quality and service and fronted by the best storage sales organization in the industry, bar none. Thank you again for being with us today. I will now turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarifications. This will enable to take as many questions as possible in the time we have left. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Evan, can we open up the lines for questions please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Deepak Sitaraman with Credit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you start by maybe just giving us an update on how drive constraints, how did it impact EMC in the first quarter and is it expected to have an impact in the second? And also, just if you could comment on how the price increases you put into place in Q1 were received by customers and whether you saw any orders pushed out of Q1 that could potentially benefit later quarters?
Joseph M. Tucci: All right, Deepak. Let you take that answer. So first of all, kudos to the drive suppliers for responding rapidly to a very serious situation. And the quarter played out as expected. There were constraints, and there still are constraints, particularly in near-line drives. But we got the drives. During the quarter, we expected -- needed to make our numbers. Albeit, in the near-line space, they came in a little late in the quarter, end of February to early March. And of course, as we said on the last call, we had to do some balancing during the quarter to meet supply and demand. We do expect it to be constrained certainly throughout Q2. But again, we do have line of sight to the drives that we need. We think there'll be some incremental improvement in the second half but a certain class of drives will see constraint throughout the entire year. On the price increase side, as you know, we did put drive price increases up between 5% and 15% in early January. And whilst nobody likes a price increase, you can tell by our gross margins that we're able to capture the majority, if not all, of those price increases. And given the supply constraints, we don't expect there to be any significant reduction in prices in the near future. Maybe towards the end of the year when the whole situation becomes a little bit more normal. And then finally, in terms of orders, the good news is that although it took us a little longer this quarter to deliver some of the orders we took early in the quarter, we don't think we lost orders and we don't think that customers pushed out business because I think everybody's in the same boat when it comes to drive availability. And I think, if anything, we were better off the most.
Operator: The next question Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Kind of sticking to the similar topic on the drive discussion. You guys obviously outlined that the price differential between Flash and all the way down to near-line SATA drives. Can you talk a little bit about the mix of those drive configurations? Where we stand today and where you expect to be a year from now. And also, on top of that, how should we think about that similar to the price discussion, the differential in the gross margin that EMC sees.
David I. Goulden: Okay, Aaron. In terms of -- yes, right. You are right. Right now, when you look at what we ship inside arrays, the majority -- the vast major part is between fiber and the SATA FAST type drives. Flash, today, is a small single-digit percentage. But the adage goes, in hybrid array, a little Flash goes a long way. And what I mean by that is that you can improve the performance of an array dramatically by having maybe less than 5% of the capacity in Flash and using FAST software, moving those hot data sets into the high-performing media types. So we see a small increase and a steady increase going forward in the mix of Flash, but we still think that the vast majority of capacity shipped for many, many years is going be fiber and SATA. Within that, a mix more towards SATA and less towards fiber. But we think that's pretty much how things play out. And from a margin point of view, as Joe said, we're fairly agnostic to the media type. In fact, different media types are in fact good for us because we can offer more choices, more price points to our customers. And we're getting, very broadly, similar margins across those media types. So the mix shift in media is not going to have a material impact upon our gross margins.
Operator: Our next question comes with Brian Marshall with ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Obviously, the cloud market is growing very rapidly. And I think, Joe, you mentioned -- I think you used the word rapidly when you discussed the service router growth. We've been picking up that the private cloud adoption has grown much faster than the public cloud adoption and was wondering if you could give some commentary around here. Is this still an issue with respect to ELAs as well as security and data breaches? And if so, when do you think this is going to fixed where you could see public cloud adoption really start to grow at the rate of private cloud?
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, I think, for a long, long time that the private cloud market is going to be much bigger than the public cloud market. That being said, the public cloud market will be the faster growing of the 2 because it's coming from a tiny base, if you will. But we do believe, totally, that the world is going to be hybrid. Certainly, as you heard on the VMware call last night, kind of the state of the art is that customers are now confident enough that they are, in significant numbers, working on virtualizing and cloudizing, if you will, private cloudizing their Tier 1 apps. And that probably has the most return and benefits for our customers and that's where a lot of the action is. But certainly, on their lower tiers and test and dev, I think over time, you'll see customers -- basically, when they get to a peak workload or a peak time of the year, they'll be pushing out some applications like test and dev and other applications to a public cloud, and that'll avoid them having to buy for peak of the day, peak of the day, peak times and help reduce and contain their overall IT cost. Which they can then plow back into doing more application work and get business benefits. That's a trend you're going to see. So it's not an either/or, we're in a world of both. You also heard Paul say yesterday that the progress that we're making in vSphere adopted clouds, and of course, I just told you that the public cloud business is probably the fastest growing sector of all kind of verticals, if you will, that I spoke about. So both sides of the consolidated company are doing well with the cloud trend and phenomena. And we think we're going to continue to push the heck out of it. But it's a world of both, it's and, not or.
Operator: Our next question comes with Brian Alexander with Raymond James.
Brian G. Alexander - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You've won a lot of new customers in the mid-tier segment of the last several quarters. Can you talk about the penetration rates of those customers versus your expectations? And maybe similar color on the share of wallet opportunity here and how significant that could be for you EMC going forward.
Joseph M. Tucci: Great, David, why don't you start and I'll...
David I. Goulden: Yes, Brian, I mean that's clearly be well in the whole locks of all the measure that we have success, and particularly the VNX Family, but also applies to Isilon and BRS, which are all significant new customer door openers for us. And those new customers are across-the-board in terms of size. So in some cases, we've been going after kind of small, medium businesses where, effectively, we become their internal IT storage device. But also many of those new customers are in large enterprises. So it's not a one-size-fits-all banner. Also, I mentioned that VCE has been a significant new customer door opener for us, in those case, in some of the very largest enterprises. So we think there's great potential and it's not all in the SMB marketplace. There's some new customers in the enterprise market which we're in for the first time in many years. And obviously, those are great potential growth markets for us going forward.
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes, Brian. To drill down, on the specific question, you asked about mid-tier and new customers. This is the -- I always felt that the best way to look at growth in any market is on an apples-to-apples basis because obviously, acquisition effects can swing your growth rates. So on apples-to-apples basis, in the last 4 quarters, which would be Q2 of '11, Q3 of '11, Q4 of '11 and of course, Q1 of '12, and of course, that one year time span, we have grown well over, year-on-year, on an apples-to-apples basis, 20%. And a great thing is that we have really kind of hyped up our channel programs and are a full -- I believe 2/3 of those orders were heavily touched by our channel partners. And a lot of those customers, we don't give specific numbers, but a lot of those customers are new customers and this channel reach is really helping us. So obviously, this mid-tier thrust we have and really terrific set of best-of-breed products there really paying off.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: When you look at the Symmetrix growth rate, obviously, it was up against a tough comp. How should we be thinking about that product going forward, in the enterprise, as well as the service provider market? I know it's had success in the service provider market in the past. Is that really where Symmetrix is going to grow? Provide the upside to the range longer term or do you see maybe a product refresh helping in the enterprise as well?
Joseph M. Tucci: Alex, let me take this. First of all, we are very confident in the future of Symmetrix and VMAX. We expected VMAX to be down this quarter for 2 reasons. One is the one that David highlighted and you mentioned. It is a tremendous quarter we had one year ago. I mean, it's highly unusual that you would grow from a Q4 to a Q1, with Symmetrix, 12%. Highly unusual that you would actually decline from Q1 to Q2, 8%. Which is exactly what happened last year. That was just -- so year-on-year growth last year was 25%. So it was a really strong quarter and that is absolutely a major factor and we knew that, and that's why we planned the way we planned. But you hit upon the second reason, which is a major reason too. Look, life cycles are important in any product. But I'll tell you point-blank, the higher-end product you have, right? The more important a life cycle is. And if you recall, we launched the VMAX in April of 2009. So it is pretty close to exactly 3 years old. And clearly, our customers are expecting and wanting a new, even higher-end model and product. And all I'm going to say is we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and ruin the announcement, but I'm probably am going to do that anyhow. I'll tell you point-blank, the customers are expecting that will not be disappointed, and it's coming soon.
Operator: Our next question comes with Brian White with Topeka Capital Markets.
Brian John White - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Joe, I'm wondering if you'll talk a little bit about the Greenplum opportunity. I know one of your colleagues was at a conference recently, highlighted the Greenplum opportunity is essentially what VMware had seen that type of growth over the last several years. So I'm wondering, number one, do you believe that? And number two, if you could give us a little more granularity on the trends you're seeing in that business.
Joseph M. Tucci: First of all, we're very, very pleased with the trends in Greenplum. Rather than give our view, let me quote IDC, they just came out with a Big Data white paper and analysis for hardware, software and services and they did it from 2010 to 2015. I don't know if you saw it. But in 2010, they thought the Big Data market was $3.2 billion and they think it'll grow almost 40%, 39.4%, if memory serves me right, it was the actual CAGR they had in there. Between then, it'll be a $16.9 billion market in 2015. So there's a heck of an opportunity. Now if you look at the Big Data market, we're really playing in the highest end of that market. If you think of what a customer really needs to do to get an incredible competitive advantage, they want to take their internal structure data, which there's a ton of; they want to take their internal unstructured data, which there's multiple times as much of; and then they want to go to the public markets and public sources and get the massive amount of data that's available there and blend these all together and really use this data in real-time predictive analysis to give their companies a competitive advantage. And that's the area that we're playing in and we don't even try to go and say displace a existing data warehouse. We're going after the new stuff which is more complex and that's what products like Chorus and our Hadoop distribution and support is all about as well as, of course, our Greenplum database. So we're playing, I think, at the highest end of the pyramid. So if the entire pyramid is growing at 39.4%, ours is growing faster than that and we're growing faster than that. So we're very excited about the opportunity here. And as I said, I've always been -- one of the things I preach, and my team is probably tired of me saying it, but I really believe big companies should not do small things. Big companies should only do small things that are going to become big things. And in our case and our size, we should not enter a market unless we think we can do $1 billion plus there. And this is the case where I think that $1 billion plus will be light, we can do more than that and we'll do more than that. So I'm very pleased with our progress and that's kind of how we think about this opportunity.
Operator: Next in queue Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just had a question. You guys discussed the Flash-based markets in your prepared comments. Could you talk about, maybe initially, the initial uptick of the VFCache? And I know EMC offers multiple options when consider deploying Flash, be it pure 0, VFCache or Thunder. I guess, which form factor do you see eventually having a broader uptake and do you think you have all the pieces internally to play in the Flash deployments or would you need to do some acquisitions there?
David I. Goulden: As opportunity would have it, Pat Gelsinger literally just walked through the door and to listen. And take us a second to give them the mic, which we will do, and I'll let somebody who knows a lot more about this subject than me answer the question. So Pat, when you get the mic hooked up to you, please.
Patrick P. Gelsinger: VFCache. We really view Q1 as a seeding period for VFCache. Lots of early customer experiences, lots of trials, lots of environments and as I think David commented on his remarks, about Oracle database environments, SQL environments, et cetera. We've also started to seed them into the Internet properties as well, right? Which is where some of the other vendors have had early success. So Q1, clearly a lot of early interest from many, many customers across many, many industries. So we're quite excited about that. We're also starting to see the broadening of the product family as we go through the year. Clearly, a Thunder-like appliance is an easier product for an EMC sales force, right? And many of our customers don't want to be disrupting blade environments and others that occur. So we're actually seeing that there's a lot of interest for a Thunder appliance in many use cases, and as such, quite excited about this potential. We're just beginning, as we've indicated in Q2, we'll have the first early customer betas beginning for the Thunder appliance. With regard to last piece of the question, we are clearly seeing that this is a hot segment of the industry. We have organic activities, we have many engagements with other industry players. We're not going to make any indications toward broader, nonorganic plays. But we do see that this is great opportunity for us. And we've clearly accelerated our internal activities, both from the VFCache Thunder, our use of MLC cache as well as SLC Flash, as well as the hybrid array opportunities which, as Joe indicated in his remarks, is clearly -- the large majority of the industry will be hybrid arrays for the long-term.
Operator: The next in queue is Shelby Seyrafi with FBN Securities.
Shebly Seyrafi: So you did very well in VMware and in security. But in storage, I think you were impacted by the high-end compared -- difficult compare and the product transition. But I'm wondering if there's another factor in storage. Competitive. Maybe you can talk about the competitive environment, especially in the channel versus say net app over the past 6 to 9 months.
David I. Goulden: Well, I've said it -- a little bit of it before, Shelby. Our 20% apples-to-apples growth, I think, is significantly fast than net apps. Significantly faster. And our channel buildup is great. I've said many times that there was certainly a negative side with our kind of divorce from Dell, if you will, and I said there's a significant upside and that it always -- the channel always reacted negatively to our Dell relationship. And without them, since we've had that divorce, we have really ramped up the channel and I really don't think there's any big company doing better in the channel right now than we are. We've made tremendous gains and get tremendous recognition. That's a big piece of our success and we're going to continue to hammer that home.
Operator: Next in queue is from Daniel Ives with FBR.
Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Joe, could you just talk but, specifically, what you're seeing from Europe? I mean, from your conversations with customers, maybe compare it to where we were 3 months ago or thoughts going into the year.
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes. I'll let Dave little handle a little bit of that, too. But I'll give you a little bit of color. A matter for fact, I was in Europe last -- I spent the week in Europe last week and I was in 3 different countries, U.K., Switzerland and Italy. And clearly, there's opportunity there, right? The things are not stalled. Clearly, everybody's worried about everything, whether it's the elections in France or Greek debt. I mean, everybody's got more than a few things to worry about. I know this conversation always come up in the business with CIOs and CEOs and COOs that I meet over there, government officials. But the private companies over there are still -- got their head down and they're moving forward and they have plans and they understand that it if they stay still, they'll go backwards. Because it's very tough to stay still in a competitive global economy like this. So there are investment opportunities and I do think that, at best, the IT spending will be flat. But if not, I don't believe IT spending will be down anything dramatically. I would say, less than 1% down to flat is where -- if I had to call it or place a bet is where I'd bet. So obviously, there's a lot of caution, everybody is looking over their shoulder. But there's also, in the business community, a lot of confidence in themselves. Not as much in the governments, but in themselves, and I think that bodes well.
Tony Takazawa: All right, thank you. We have time for one more question and then a few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I appreciate your comments around the incremental margin drivers you had in 2011, but the reality is the first quarter is, that was your lowest operating margin? And the guidance of 24% for the full year doesn't imply that much expansion as we move through this year. So can you just talk about what, other than conservatism, is driving that lower margin expansion?
David I. Goulden: Well Katy, I think you're exactly right. You do need to look at things sequentially. And what I'm really saying is that we expect gross margins to increase sequentially from Q1 to Q4 this year. I pointed out the sequential increase you saw last year, half of that was from the things that really we don't expect to reoccur. And just to put that, also into context, when I look at the 290 basis points of gross margin improvement we achieved, Q1 this year versus Q1 last year, about 1/2 of that improvement was also from the 3 factors which I mentioned, which would have occurring during 2011 that won't be occurring during 2012. So I do expect they'll be sequential margin improvement from where we are. Also, bear in mind that we've been pretty consistent upon our guidance for OpEx during the year. We said that we expect our SG&A growth to be in line, broadly, with revenue growth and we expect R&D growth to grow faster. So we do expect OpEx to continue to increase as a percentage of revenue, this year, as we move through the year. So you put all those together and you can trend to a number that's pretty consistent with what we've implied in our guidance, and those are really the moving parts.
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, again, thank you for being with us today. Just kind of -- to summarize, we truly believe that our cloud, Big Data and trust strategies are right on. And they are opening up expanded opportunities with our customers and they're creating, exponentially, more excitement with our partner ecosystem. Our 2012 product roadmap is strong. We have a really great team. We have that momentum I spoke about, in my prepared remarks, and confidence within EMC that we can succeed. And we will talk you more about our strategy and products. And to that end, I would like to invite you to EMC World, it's always a place where we launch a significant number of products. And there's more than little bit of excitement there, so that's in May 20, and we invite you to join us. So again, thank you for being with us today and I wish you all the best. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee David I. Goulden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Tony Takazawa - 
Analysts: Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division Louis R. Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations of EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning, welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2011. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci, and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. To kick things off, David will comment on the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter and he will discuss our outlook for 2012. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the economy and IT, EMC's execution of our strategy and how EMC is helping customers navigate the massive transformation happening in IT to cloud and Big Data. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out, today we are providing you with a very detailed projected financial model for 2012. This new model lays out all of the key financial assumptions that are the foundation of our 2012 expectations. We hope that you find this model helpful in understanding our assumptions and context and in ensuring that these expectations are correctly incorporated into your models. This model is included in today's slide presentation that you can see during the webcast and it is also available for download in the Investor Relations section of emc.com. In addition, please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. A reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today, in our press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available on emc.com. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report another quarter of record results for revenue, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow. This excellent performance enabled us to achieve record results for the full year, driven by year-on-year growth in revenue of 18% to $20 billion and non-GAAP EPS of 20% and in free cash flow of 29%. Clearly, we're delivering on our ongoing commitment to strengthen our strategic position within the evolving IT landscape and on our triple play of gaining market share, reinvesting for growth and delivering leverage. These very strong results make us better prepared than ever to maintain our strategic agility and operational excellence as we head into 2012. As you know, fundamental changes are underway in IT right now, and it is our ability to identify and invest in these changes that has enabled us to achieve the solid Q4 and record full year results we're reporting today. The transformation of IT is occurring with customer shifts to private, public and hybrid cloud models. The transformation of business is also underway as new technology is enabling organizations to harness the power of Big Data in ways that were impossible only a few years ago. The transformation of EMC is ongoing as we continue our evolution of our company in order to remain at the forefront of these expansive opportunities and help our customers advance in this new age. As we look across our business, it is clear that EMC is well equipped for this era of transformation. To begin with, customers' cloud and Big Data objectives are best served by having the right information storage infrastructure. Intelligent automated storage is a critical component as is the ability to give customers options because the nature and use of these expanding data sets are almost as varied as the data itself. Having a broad and best-of-breed product portfolio in storage is an important differentiator and has been a key reason for our success. Year-on-year, Information Storage revenue grew a healthy 12% over Q4 of last year. As expected, we have adequate hard disk drive supply for the period, although there were some challenges relative to the availability of certain drive types. Product revenue was up 11% and 24% in the high-end and mid-tier, respectively. This is an excellent result and speaks to the strength of our offerings across a wide spectrum of different applications, implementations and use cases. For customers with mission-critical data sets needing to scale with the best performance, reliability and availability, our high-end scale-out VMAX is consistently selected as the tool for the job. While these attributes have driven our market leadership in the high-end for years, our value proposition in this segment has grown as we've improved our product portfolio to accommodate the transformations of IT and business. For example, we introduced flash drives to enterprise storage 4 years ago, unveiled our virtual matrix VMAX architecture 3 years ago and refreshed VMAX's software capabilities just last year, doubling performance and adding faster VP. The innovations we have consistently introduced are important to customers and make our high-end more useful for their evolving needs. The results have been meaningful share gains in the high end over the past several years.  The addition of FAST VP to VMAX last year enabled customers to more efficiently and automatically tier the information across flash and SATA drives. Clearly customers value this feature as the attach rate of FAST VP to VMAX continue to climb in Q4. The vast majority of these systems are leveraging both flash and SATA drives and, in fact, flash capacity sold on VMAX more than doubled year-on-year in Q4. The addition of VMAXe to the portfolio in 2011 expanded our addressable market. VMAXe offers the reliability, availability and many other attributes of a VMAX in a small system, one designed specifically for businesses with limited space, IT staff or capacity needs. The VMAXe is meeting our objective of successfully reaching this tier of the market, particularly outside the U.S., as over half of VMAXe sold in 2011 went to international customers. The VMAXe is also allowing us to gain new customers in the U.S. Papa John's Pizza is just one example of a brand-new EMC customer we won because the VMAXe meets their specific needs for powerful scale-out block storage in an efficient package.  In 2011, the addition of VPLEX Geo expanded our VPLEX family by offering high-availability and distributed data access over extended distances. The value proposition of VPLEX offers, turning a secondary data center into a productive site enabling active/active data across distance, has transformed how our customers are architecting their cloud infrastructures. A bank in Poland was a great example of this in Q4. VPLEX's ability to seamlessly move their vSphere applications between data centers without any interruption is enabling them to take full advantage of their virtualized infrastructure as they can now do load-balancing and allow real-time data access over 2 data centers that are miles apart. This value, proposition is as yet unmet by any competitive offering. It is innovation such as these that keep our products at the leading edge and broaden their use cases. You can expect us to continue our unrelenting pace of improvements here in 2012. The transformation of EMC has been most evident in our mid-tier product set. As customer needs in the mid-tier have expanded, we have expanded our portfolio accordingly to ensure we have the right tool for the job. In 2011, we launched our VNX Family to meet the needs of customers seeking simplicity via a unified architecture, better VMware integration and auto tiering, all of which combine to deliver greater efficiency and at lower total cost of ownership. As a result, our VNX Family has been warmly embraced by both existing and new customers alike, and brought in almost 2,000 new customers to EMC in Q4 alone. It is also interesting to note that almost half the customers who bought VNX systems during 2011 had not purchased EMC unified systems before. In addition to winning new customers, our VNX product family won numerous awards in 2011, including awards for Best Storage Array for SQL by SQL Server Magazine, the Best Array for Storage Virtualization by readers of Virtualization Review, and product of the year by CRN. Resellers have embraced the VNX and VNXe as they're designed with a channel in mind. They are some simple, efficient and powerful, offering options that meet the widely varying needs presented across the diverse base of customers. Our acquisition of Isilon just over a year ago, was a key step in the transformation of our mid-tier business to better meet customers' cloud and Big Data needs. Isilon has thrived as part of EMC and its revenue more than doubled again, year-on-year, in Q4 and for the full year 2011. With its core value proposition of simplicity of scale, Isilon has always enjoyed a strong position in verticals such as media and life sciences, and continues to do so. Our recent win at the Associated Press for Video Production and Archiving is a great example. Now as part of EMC, Isilon has been rapidly gaining traction in a number of new accounts, use cases and verticals where scale-out capabilities are required to handle rapid growth. As the integration of Isilon progressed during 2011, the EMC sales teams became better at identifying and offering customers the best solution for the job at hand, and we saw the growing effect of this in Q4. By offering the simplicity of a single file system, scalability in line with data growth, ease-of-use and management, and lower CapEx for improved utilization, Isilon meets general-purpose data center use cases and accounts where Isilon previously didn't exist and that EMC wasn't serving before. This is a case that won the world's most diversified technology organizations. This Fortune 50 company purchased more than 2 petabytes of Isilon to unify its massive network of user shares and home directories, completely eliminating the incumbent NAS vendor from its file sharing environment. Another great illustration of why Isilon is thriving within our portfolio was a multiproduct win at a large health insurance company. The customer was seeking greater flexibility and performance across all applications in their virtualized environments, and they also needed a single repository that was simple to manage and grow. With VMware integration that was tighter than the incumbent NAS vendor could demonstrates, VNX was selected for the continued development of the cloud architecture. And with its superior scale and efficiency, Isilon displaced the same incumbent vendor from the customer's secondary site for data protection. As this example makes clear, the one-size-fits-all approach to storage is not ideal for today's environments. Having the right tool for the job is. Add-on to VNX and Isilon the capabilities of Atmos, the geographically dispersed data, and you have a storage infrastructure offering for cloud and Big Data that is unparalleled. EMC's transformation in the mid-tier extends beyond production data infrastructure into backup and recovery. The combination of Avamar and Data Domain in our backup portfolio 2 years ago enabled us to offer backup solutions that fit hand-in-glove with new data center architectures. An excellent example was a multimillion dollar, multiproduct win in Q4 where the customer, a global technology company with a heavily virtualized environment, purchased VMAXe for their production data and adopted a combination of Data Domain and Avamar for disaster recovery. Product synergies, both across EMC and within our backup portfolio itself, are a competitive advantage and part of the reason why we've being consistently growing faster than the backup market. With Data Domain and Avamar alone exiting the year at a revenue run rate well over $2 billion, our BRS division has become an essential part of our strategic offering. Through the transformation of our mid-tier storage portfolio, we've created a truly formidable offering that far exceeds the capabilities of more narrowly focused storage vendors and also far exceeds the storage capability of the server vendors. We are best-of-breed unified VNX Family which includes VNX and VNXe, complemented by our market-leading backup and recovery solutions and also by our scale-out Isilon product family, we offer a winning combination that resonates with customers and has driven the share gains we've made in the mid-tier segment in 2011. Customers also appreciate the additional choices we give them to scale out block with VMAX and VNXe.  As we have noted, the transformation that is characterizing the industry today goes beyond the transformation of IT and cloud infrastructures. Increasingly, the transformation of business itself is being driven by the ability to harness Big Data. Businesses that can make timely use of the vast troves of data stored both with -- inside and outside a company can gain a robust competitive advantage. EMC Greenplum meets the needs in customers of all sizes, enabling to sort through extremely large data sets in the neighborhood of millions of transactions per day or hundreds of billions of clicks per month. The broad appeal of Greenplum's technology won us new customers across a broad spectrum of industries in Q4, including healthcare, technology, retail, and communications to name just a few, and really helped drive Greenplum's strong Q4 results. Throughout 2011, Greenplum has been establishing full leadership in Big Data, and we expect to build on the foundation we've put in place over the last 18 months to continue to drive penetration and growth. Greenplum's offering has expanded from a single product to a portfolio that includes the industry's only unified solution for Big Data analytics, the unified analytics platform. Unveiled just last month, the UAP combines the coprocessing of structured and unstructured data with a productivity engine and social network that enables collaboration among data science teams. With this next generation portfolio for analytics and by leveraging the broader EMC sales force, our own data scientists, our channel partners and our growing partnership with SAS, we expect to help more customers than ever before begin to extract the value from the Big Data that surrounds them.  Cloud and Big Data objectives will only be fully met if a company's blueprint for its IT transformation builds in trust. Companies need robust security designed for today's advanced persistent threats. Our RSA Security division grew 16% in Q4, as its holistic, agile, data-centric approach is the right one for the modern threat environment. We maintained our leadership position in identity management and protection, adding 1,400 new SecurID customers in 2011, and we saw strong growth in security management and compliance. Our security management and compliance suite, which combines the capabilities of NetWitness, Archer, DLP, and enVision, presents a unique, risk-based, agile, and contextual approach to advanced threats. The integrated software of the SMC suite gathers and analyzes security Big Data to deliver insights in real-time. This is a winning offering with customers, particularly as security has become a top priority among CEOs and corporate boards. An IT infrastructure designed for cloud and Big Data also requires the ability to easily access, capture and integrate information from disparate sources, and our Information Intelligent Group's offerings facilitate these objectives.  This quarter, our Information Intelligence Group made their core Documentum, Captiva and Document Sciences products available as a private cloud offering, using internally-developed VCUBE technology. They also demonstrated new Big Data use cases using their Documentum xCP technology. Revenue was roughly flat from Q4 a year ago as IIG caps a year of transition and stabilization of its product portfolio and operations. A key underpinning of an enterprise infrastructure built for cloud and Big Data is virtualization. We're making great strides here with VMware crossing the $1 billion milestone for the first time in Q4 at close to $1.1 billion, an increase of 27% over last year's Q4. Having become the de facto standard for virtualization in enterprise data centers, with a tested and trusted virtualization platform, VMware is uniquely positioned to address customer needs for easier management through the virtualization layer. In 2012, VMware will continue to enhance its strategic relevance: In the data center, by building on the foundation we've played with vSphere and expanding our capabilities in management and security; at the application layer, by supporting the development of new applications through Cloud Foundry and vFabric; and with the end-user, by continuing to improve and expand upon the capabilities of View and other enabling technologies for the seamless access to data and applications in the cloud. The investments we've made to improve the functionality of our storage products in virtualization environments are also paying off as many of our wins are due to tight integration and ease of operation with VMware. We had many such wins in Q4, including wins at several technology companies in India, manufacturers in Japan and 2 telecommunication companies in China, to name just a few. We have been making great strides in transforming our product portfolio to equip it with leading-edge capabilities for cloud and Big Data. Equally important has been the transformation of our go-to-market model to facilitate the adoption of these technologies by customers. Already equipped with a direct sales team, that is widely recognized as the best in the industry, we've been focused over the past few years on further developing our go-to-market model. By leveraging our services organization, expanding our relationships with existing channel partners, seeking out and incentivizing new channel partners, and capitalizing on VCE, we continued to drive customers towards the next generation IT infrastructures that will support cloud and Big Data in the future. Our own Services organization had an excellent Q4 and full year 2011 as demand was very robust from customers seeking the most effective ways to get to cloud and leverage their Big Data assets. For EMC, this translated into implementation, support and consulting services, not only in storage but also in security as customers begin to understand that the new threat environment requires a whole new way of thinking about security. Over the past few years, we've been transforming our services business by implementing productivity tools to enhance the profitability of our service offerings, and we've seen the fruits of our labor in our financial results and in our excellent customer satisfaction ratings. 2011 was a transformational year for our channel program. With the combination of renewed management focus, a vastly improved channel model and the launch of products designed with channel in mind, the channel is responding. In 2011, over 1,700 partners began selling EMC products for the first time, and revenue from these new partners in 2011 accounted for almost 1/2 our channel revenue growth in 2011. Our existing partner base is energized as well, with revenues through our 3 largest partners expanding approximately 50% in 2011. The mutual success we have enjoyed has won us accolades, including being named Company of the Year by CRN. But perhaps the most exciting part of our story is we still have a lot of room to grow. VCE has become a major force in the IT industry and an important element of our technology portfolio and our go-to-market model. VCE's strong momentum is due to the fact that more companies are recognizing the value proposition of the Vblock, and many of those that have are now looking to standardize on it. Given that converged infrastructure is a relatively new concept, and Vblocks are very new products, we're extremely pleased at the adoption rate thus far. The order rate for Vblocks in Q4 exceeded $800 million on an annualized basis as we rapidly close in on the $1 billion run rate goal we highlighted last year. We expect continued success as Vblocks become more well known and sought after for their unique value proposition, a single converge product, a single pane of glass for management, a clear upgrade path, and one point of contact for customer support, all on rock solid technology from best-of-breed vendors. The appeal of Vblocks is global, as wins in the quarter include the Spanish National Statistics Institute, a Swiss pharmaceutical company, a Mexican IT service provider, a Russian energy company, an Australian bank, and a large equipment distributor in the U.S.  We think that the strength of our position is clear: A product portfolio that has been developed with customers' current and future needs in mind and which will continue to evolve to remain at the leading edge of efficiency, agility and trust to cloud and Big Data architectures; a powerful go-to-market model through our direct sales force and service team, an expanded server channel partners, and unique joint venture in VCE; and perhaps most importantly a vision, strategy and roadmap that is in lockstep with 2 of the biggest trends in technology, cloud and Big Data. We leveraged all these strengths through 2011, not only to enhance our market position, but also to drive excellent results. Consolidated revenue grew 14% in Q4, led by growth of 26% in APJ, with revenue growth of 16% in the Americas and 6% in EMEA. Our BRIC + 13 revenue grew 22% in Q4 as we continue to make progress penetrating these rapid growth markets. We've been stepping up our investment in these geographies as their growth will continue to materially outpace more established markets. Non-GAAP gross margin improved once again in Q4, up 260 basis points over last year's fourth quarter to 64.5%. We made exceptional progress in gross margins throughout 2011 due to volume and mix shifts, including introduction of Isilon, FAST VP and bundled VNX software products to our revenue stream. For the full year, we improved non-GAAP gross margin by 220 basis points to 62.6%. Gains in gross margins continue to drive progress in non-GAAP operating margin, which was 26.3% for Q4, 90 basis points higher than Q4 2010. For the full year, non-GAAP operating margin was 23.9%, 190 points higher than 2010. Operating expense in 2011 reflected the important investments we've been making in our go-to-market. For 2012, expect to see SG&A growth more aligned with revenue growth and the allocation of more of our resources to R&D.  Our strong execution drove record free cash flow of $4.4 billion for 2011, more than $1 billion higher than 2011 non-GAAP net income. Contributing to this was continued strong growth in deferred revenue, up 32% to $6.2 billion. Driven over the course of the year by strong services bookings and renewals, the expansion of deferred revenues helps to balance our more transaction-oriented business with a growing stream of more predictable revenue. We continue to manage our cash prudently to meet our objectives of returning value to the shareholders while making the right investments we need to keep us positioned for the long term. We returned $2 billion to shareholders through our buyback program over the course of 2011 and ended the year with $10.8 billion of cash and investments. Earlier this month, we used $1.7 billion of this cash balance to settle the first tranche of our convertible debt, and we plan to return an additional $700 million to shareholders in 2012 through EMC share buybacks. We will continue to deploy our cash wisely throughout 2012 by making strategic and disciplined acquisitions and reinvesting in our business to drive growth. We ended 2011 incrementally better positioned because of our triple play, gaining market share, reinvesting in the business and delivering leverage. In 2011, we gained market share not only because we have a broad portfolio of best-of-breed products built for the next wave of IT, but also because our go-to-market approach continues to expand and mature. These durable advantages will also drive growth in 2012 and beyond. We were able to make strides in market share in 2011 because we have been investing for growth through strategic acquisition, investments in our partner ecosystem and go-to-market, and in our own R&D. In 2012, we will continue to invest, both externally and internally, especially in our own R&D in order to keep our leading-edge position in this very dynamic environment. In 2011, we delivered EPS leverage and are poised to continue to deliver leverage for the next several years. In 2012, we will continue this progress. While Joe will give more color on our view of the environment, a few of the factors built into our expectations include slower growth in IT spend, a headwind concurrency and some hard disk drive supply constraints. As you can see, we've laid out here for you all the assumptions that are guiding our expectations. We expect to achieve revenue growth in 2012 better than twice the projected growth of IT spend, to $22 billion with non-GAAP EPS growing faster to $1.70 a share. We've modeled our revenue to follow a seasonally normal percentage of total for each quarter during the year. As you may recall, early last year, we presented our view of the growth potential for each of our lines of business. Our view of our long-term growth prospects has not changed as we operate in some of the hottest areas of IT where secular growth trends are strong and expected to persist. On top of this, we hold the leading position in the vast majority of these. As a result, we continue to expect our high-end storage and IIG business to grow in the range of 1% to 10%. We see our unified storage line, RSA and consulting, growing in the 10% to 19% range. And we expect our higher growth businesses, including VMware, Isilon, BRS and VCE, to remain on track for 20% or higher compound annual growth over the 4-year period. This dynamic, along with our solid performance in 2011, puts us squarely on track to achieve the financial potential we laid out for you last February. Over $28 billion of revenue in 2014, which represents compound annual revenue growth of at least 13% from 2010, and non-GAAP EPS growth even faster than this. This is truly a transformational time. IT is transforming to more efficient and agile cloud models. Business will be transformed by Big Data and EMC continues to transform its business to capitalize on these trends. Propelled by the many sound fundamentals of our markets, customer demand, our offerings, our partner ecosystem, our strategy and visible [ph] execution, we fully expect to continue the success we've achieved over the past several years to capitalize on what we think are the biggest opportunities the IT industry has ever presented. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Thanks, David. I'd like to begin by welcoming everyone to today's call. Thank you for joining us. I am pleased with our overall performance in Q4. Our results were strong and our balanced execution capped a very successful 2011. For the year, EMC's revenues grew 18%. And to be totally transparent, normalizing the effect of our acquisitions, we grew at 16% on an apples-to-apples basis while producing substantial leverage as our non-GAAP EPS grew 20%. I would like to congratulate and thank the now over 53,000 dedicated people of EMC and VMware for their hard work and dedication. It is truly a pleasure to work by your side.  Now let's turn to the one thing that I'm quite sure is on everyone's mind. Namely, our thoughts and beliefs on the global economic environment and its impact on 2012 IT spending. We have no doubt that the global economy will remain choppy as it has for the vast majority of 2011, especially as it was in the second half. Within this economic landscape, we strongly believe that there will be real growth in IT spending this year. To put a number on it, we expect 3% to 4% growth in overall IT spending in 2012 over 2011. Putting this in context, this is about 1/2 of the 7% growth rate that we believe the IT industry experienced in 2011. But again, we see real growth. Within this 3% to 4%, there will be a lot of variability. There will be variability in geographies. We expect IT spending in Asia and on Japan, Latin America, Middle East and Africa, to be up 6% to 8% year-over-year. We expect IT spending in the U.K. and the Eurozone to be roughly flat. And we expect North American, Eastern European and Japanese markets to grow IT spending at 3% to 4%. There will also be variability across IT sectors. IT spending in storage and data protection will grow faster than the IT industry average, and IT spending for security, Big Data storage, Big Data analytics, virtualization, data center OSs, and cloud device virtualization automation will grow significantly faster than the IT average. The good news is that these higher growth areas of IT are where EMC and VMware play and where we have leadership positions and, very importantly, where we have momentum. For those of you on the webcast today, we have included 3 analyst surveys that demonstrate high spending intentions in the IT areas I just mentioned. That said, the key to our success in 2012 will be the strength of our innovative products and services, which will be further enhanced by a number of robust product launches during the year. This year, we plan to introduce a long list of new and exciting products into the market. We plan to launch a refresh of VNXe and increase software capabilities and performance enhancements across the VNX product line. We plan to introduce a new VMAX with even more software functionality, scale, capacity and performance. We plan to announce the general availability of Project Lightning, our service side flash product that is fully integrated with our fully automated storage tiering technology commonly called FAST. Please join us in 2 weeks for this exciting launch. And by the way, while I'm on the subject of flash, we will continue to enhance our extensive flash and FAST capabilities across all of our storage platforms. We plan to refresh our Data Domain and Avamar product lines, featuring increased performance and scale, with enhanced offer of functionality. We will also have even tighter integration between these 2 products. We also have planned product refreshes of Isilon this year, featuring increased performance, scale and virtualization support and functionality enhancements for enterprise use cases. RSA planned significant announcements around security management and compliance, and identity and Data Protection. And VMware plans to deliver new functionality in all of their major product families, the vSphere cloud infrastructure suite, as well as vFabric, Cloud Foundry, View and Horizon. Again, these are just a few of the exciting new product launches you can expect to see from us this year. I guess the second question on your mind is about disk drive availability, especially for the first half of this year. To be clear, the floods in Thailand have had a major impact on the disk drive industry. Some of the major players and many of their supply chain vendors were directly affected by the flooding. For instance, 2/3 of all drive motors are made in this flood-affected region. The executives of the major drive companies are doing a superb job working with their supply chains in reestablishing their production capabilities. We told you on our Q3 call that we expected to be okay in Q4 and that we would meet our revenue and EPS expectations, and we did just that. We also told you we would give you more color about drive availability for 2012 when we reported Q4. To amplify what David has already said, we expect there to be drive availability constraints throughout 2012, and we expect these constraints to apply more to near-line drives than mission-critical drives. There is potential for availability constraints to improve in the second half of 2012, and given our strong relationship with our major driver vendors, we at EMC expect to be relatively better positioned. So given the factors I just mentioned, the choppy economy, real growth in IT spending, the industry constraints around drive availability, and our strong product portfolio and roadmap, I would now like to reiterate our expectations and our financial goals for 2012. This year, we expect revenues of $22 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $1.70. As is our custom, these are the financial goals that were approved by our board and they are the goals in which management will be evaluated and compensated. Also, in very early February, our board will give us an additional goal for free cash flow. This goal will clearly be higher than the $4.4 billion we produced in 2011. As we strive to meet, and hopefully beat these financial goals, our guiding light will be our strategies for private and hybrid cloud computing, Big Data and security, for we firmly believe that at the intersection of cloud, Big Data and trust, there is massive opportunity.  As I hope you can see from our solid Q4 and full year results, as well as our 2012 outlook, that solid[ph] EMC is extremely well positioned to benefit from what our leadership team and I believe is a game-changing shift taking place in IT, a shift to IT-As-A-Service commonly called cloud computing. In that regard, I am confident that we have a compelling strategy to capitalize on the opportunities ahead, including leading technologies, products and services, and what I believe are the most dedicated and hard-working employees with a passion for excellence who, first and foremost, understand the importance of putting our customers' interest first. In closing, I am well aware that the topic of my succession has been a matter of some interest, so let me quickly address it and put it to bed. Based upon our business performance and sound prospects for continued success, EMC's Board of Directors has requested that I remain Chairman and CEO into 2013. Equally as important to me is the fact that I am truly blessed and honored to work with an extremely talented senior leadership team here at EMC and VMware. And they, to a person, have also been actively encouraging me to rethink my transition plans. After much soul-searching, I have agreed to extend my role as Chairman and CEO into 2013. From a personal perspective, I have never been more energized and excited by what this great company can accomplish. And as I've said in the past, the board and I fully expect that my successor will come from within the existing, talented and experienced ranks of the EMC management team. I have already started to increase the responsibilities of my senior leadership team, and when the time is right, my successor will be named. Until then, we have much work to do and I am extremely grateful that I have the strong support and commitment of our board, as well as our senior leadership team to work alongside me as we pursue our full business potential. Thank you all again for being with us today. I would now like to turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourselves to one question, including clarification. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Evan, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: Our first question today comes from Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Real quickly, I want to delve into the midrange product cycle. You cited 2,000 customers added just in the calendar fourth quarter alone. First on that, is that inclusive of both VNX and VNXe, and how does that compare relative to the 1,300 number you guys had thrown out last quarter? And basically, on VNXe, where do you think we're at in terms of really seeing the ramp into what you've characterized as a $5 billion addressable market in the past?
David I. Goulden: Let me take that. So yes, the 2,000 does include VNX and VNXe and is directly comparable to 1,300 last quarter, so you can see the number of new customers ramping. The other point I'd make just before I come back to your VNXe question, just to reinforce the point I made about VNX because I also made a very important point in my remarks. When you look at the full year, half of all the customers who bought VNX, and I'm talking VNX, not VNXe, were also net new customers for our unified line. Going back to VNXe. Absolutely on track, we've had a huge program inside the company this year, focused upon what we call the lower end of the mid-tier marketplace, and our growth rate in the lower end of the mid-tier market has been significantly higher than our growth in the higher end of the mid-tier market which is what we've been trying to do this year, so we're very pleased. A lot of those net new partners I talked about, the 1,700 new partners who came on during the year and sold our product for the first time, were also selling VNXe. Having said that, we recruited twice as many partners as actually started selling this year, so we still got work to do. But net-net, VNXe is on track.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ittai Kidron with Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: David, I want to dig into these last comments that you mentioned regarding the 2,000 new customers for VNX. Can you give us a little bit more color on the competitive landscape in that area and who you're seeing most of the gains from? Like who are the 1, 2 vendors that you feel you're bidding more often than not then, with using this product?
David I. Goulden: Right, just to clarify again. So let me clarify again that the 2,000 was across VNX and VNXe, so that includes both. And Joe, you may want to comment on the competitive environment that we're facing there.
Joseph M. Tucci: Let's put it this way. If you take the major players in mid-tier, we believe we took share across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Marshall with ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Joe, if you think the industry grew 7% last year and you grew 18%, that's about a 250% increase relative to the market. Next year, if you take -- or this year, I guess calendar '12, if you take the midpoint of the industry growth, 3.5%, and you expect to grow double digits, call it 10%, that's about 290% growth above the market. So your implied growth rate is actually 15% higher. So is that assuming that you guys continued to take share and that's the result there?
David I. Goulden: Yes, Brian, let me take that. I mean, obviously, there are a number of puts and takes, but absolutely, we do expect to continue to take share. We talked about, if you take the average of what Joe spoke about between 3% and 4% growth, 3.5.% for IT spending, 10% for us, it's close to 3x. So we are confident that we'll be taking share. Obviously, with VMware growing midpoint about 21%, the rest of business would be growing about 7%. That would also be about 2x IT spending average. So we're confident about our share gains. We've got a number of things in our favor this year. For example, we've got a full year of VNX and VNXe. Remember, last year, we went through a transition in the first quarter and into the first half. And also we've got the maturity now, the more mature channel that we spoke about, that we really only tried to put in place this time last year. So we do have a few things going for us that'll help us with those extra share point gains this year.
Joseph M. Tucci: And Brian, the only color I'd add to that is what I said in my kind of prepared remarks. And that is that we're facing a very good, fortunately, we'll be faced with a very good product cycle and exciting launch schedule next year, so that gives us additional confidence.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Sitaraman with Credit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Joe and David, last year on the midrange, building out the channel was a key initiative for you. Can you tell us where we are in that process and how much more to go in terms of just channel partner on boarding? And maybe if you can give us some examples of what you're doing just to make your channel more productive.
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, this is Joe, Deepak. There's a litany of things. Obviously, one of the things I've said is one of the things we had to overcome this year was, obviously, as we separated from Dell, that was a big channel. The other thing I pointed out early on was having Dell as a key partner made it very difficult to attract a variety and the kind of channel partners we need to go the other way. So what we're really focused on is saying, okay, the Dell divorce is finalized, so to speak, and we need you, we want you. And we've done all the things that you would think we've done. We've made sure that we're worried about the margins, not only of ourselves, but of our channel partners. We took our comp plans and made it favorable for our sales forces to partner with, and use the channels to become successful. When we build products like VNXe and VNX, channel-ready, adding new products into the channel like scaled-out Isilon and things we've done with Data Domain and Avamar, I mean all these things give breadth to the channel. Like everybody else in life, I don't think any company or any channel partner wants to be totally dedicated to one company, but they want to kind of narrow their scope and really go deep with their chosen partners. So we've really stepped up and done that role. So I think those are the key things we've done. Are we done? Never. We're going to continue to -- there's a lot of things we could do better and we're dedicated on this path, and I love the fact that we have a big and very successful and somewhat revered direct sales force and getting that direct sales force and channels -- it's not or, it's and channels -- to work together is a powerful, powerful go-to-market message and that's what we're going to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lou Miscioscia with Collins Stewart.
Louis R. Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division: Maybe if you could just talk about the dynamics about the price increase. Obviously, hard disk drives vendors raised their prices, and you guys announced that you're going to raise some of your prices to your customers. I mean, what does it to do to revenue for you all in the first quarter, does it help a bit? And also maybe what it could do to your margin structure.
David I. Goulden: Lou, sure, let me take that. Obviously, this is an industry-wide problem that we're facing around disk drive availability. And as Joe said, because of our position and our market leadership, we're in a better position than both. But what you'll see is, that everybody in the industry basically has announced that they will be raising prices in the first quarter. We said we'd raise ours between 5% to 15%. It's different numbers across different drive types, obviously based upon the supply and demand situation. And first of all, again bear in mind, we said we'd get enough drives to get to our revenue plan in Q4, which we did. We also said that we expect the revenue in 2012 to follow a normal seasonal pattern, so we're not expecting a skewing in our revenue because of drives. We think we'll get enough each quarter to make our numbers. Relative to margin, we think we can offset the margin dollars that we're facing in terms of cost pressure with price pressure so we don't expect to have less margin dollars coming through because of price increases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Reitzes with Barclays.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Could you guys talk about free cash flow for 2012? I know you're going to get a goal, but what are the puts and takes? You're expecting it to be above net income and there's also some funding that you need to do that doesn't get included in there, like funding, the repurchase of VMware stock to keep your stake at 80%. What do you expect that to be? And maybe the funding of the VCE, how much do you expect that to be and how much is to EMC shareholders?
David I. Goulden: Obviously, a multi-part question there. We expect growth in free cash flow from where we were last year. At 2011, we had more than $1 billion higher than our non-GAAP net income. Deferred revenue was the biggest driver of that, we expect continued deferred revenue growth in 2012, mainly from prepaid maintenance contracts, prepaid service contracts that are doing very well for us. So we'll give you a number when we next speak but, obviously, it's going to be north of $4.4 billion. It's going to be north of our 2012 non-GAAP net income. In terms of uses of cash, we have actually, as I mentioned, early this quarter, we spent $1.7 billion to retire the first half of our convertible debt, so that has actually happened. So that's a deduction from our year-end cash balance. I gave you the number that we would spend on EMC buybacks during this year, about $700 million. On the VMware side, we will, on the EMC side, we will reduce the amount we're spending on VMware buybacks and we'll move more of that load towards VMware. In total, we will buy back to keep EMC's ownership around 80%, but the EMC contribution of that will be less than it was in 2011. Oh sorry, the final question was VCE. The thing to VCE, which will be a combination of what we spend to cover operating expenses, plus what we spend to fund working capital. We're expecting our cash funding to VCE to be roughly similar in 2012 to what it was in 2011.
Joseph M. Tucci: Let me just add that about VCE. What you really see here is VCE's cost because all the margin flows to the parent companies, Cisco, EMC, VMware, et cetera. So the more successful VCE gets, right, the bigger you'll see that number on the income statement. But remember, the benefit and the growth and as David said in his remarks, we're now over an $800 million run rate and we're approaching that $1 billion where we said we'd be quickly. And I don't think that $1 billion by any ways, shape, or form, near to max. We're going to go into multibillion, this thing has potential for multibillion dollars in size. So we do internally have a management plan which we drive then to where we give some of that credit back. So you shouldn't say this is a total of just use of cash without balancing on the other side of the income which comes through all the business lines in Cisco and EMC and VMware.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Craig with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A question for David. Hey, David, for 2012, when you look at the gross margin, can you talk maybe a little bit about some of the puts and takes that will happen on the actual gross margin line? And then as a clarification question on the hard disk drive situation, is that actually impacting revenue dollars in 2012? Because you talked about normal seasonality, but it does sound like you're seeing some impact.
David I. Goulden: Scott, let me take your hard disk drive question first. Basically, the challenges of availability of hard disk drives is just something that we're going to have to work around. And we did work around it in Q4, we plan to work around it in 2012. Just as the disk drive suppliers are doing a good job of working their supply chain, we're doing an excellent job of working our supply chain, trying to match supply and demand during the year. And whilst lead times will be a little longer for certain items than we would normally expect, we will get the drives to make our numbers. So it's really a question of extra work to do more work through the supply chain and working with our field and our customers to kind of satisfy their needs in a constrained market environment. So it's not affecting our seasonality, as I discussed in my comments. In terms of gross margins, when you look at the business, we do expect continued progression positively in gross margins, if you just kind of look at the relative growth of various segments of the business and the mix changes inside the business, we do expect gross margins to continue to improve for EMC in 2012. But as you know, we've guided to relatively constant operating margins from 2011. And in this environment, with the opportunity in cloud, Big Data and trust, we're going to make sure we are investing to drive future market share gains. So those are the puts and takes around gross margin and hard drives.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on free cash generation. I think you obviously talked about greater than $4.4 billion next year. Could you just maybe help us understand why is the buyback dropping off rather dramatically from $2 billion in 2011 to $700 million? And given the strong cash position, is there any thought or appetite for a dividend at some point?
David I. Goulden: We talk about the buyback. We look at buybacks, obviously, over a multi-year period of time. So you really have to kind of average them out. So we did increase our buyback authorization last year from $1.5 billion at the start of the year to $2 billion. So we have a couple of things going on this year. Essentially, we kind of borrowed a little bit of our 2012 buyback into 2011. So if you put that $500 million back, they're really roughly similar. And then of course, bearing in mind I did mention that we're spenting $1.7 billion on repaying the first half of the convertible debt. So that's the way to think about buybacks. Think of it averaged out over a period of years. A period of years in this case, the 2-year average would give you roughly similar numbers. And then, Joe, you want to comment upon our thoughts on dividends?
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes. Obviously, it's an active discussion on the board. I think in the last meeting or the one before that, I forget now, I said I truly believe it's a matter of when, not if. And obviously, what we try to do is return capital through buybacks and return -- make sure that we continue. And I'm still committed to this string of pearls approach we have, where we buy exciting new companies. We have a lot to do around the opportunity around cloud, Big Data and trust. And when we can buy these smaller acquisitions and grow them substantially into billion dollar businesses, I think that's a home run for everyone. So those are the -- the way we do it today and, obviously, there's no question in my mind at some point here we will add a dividend to that, too.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Kurtz with Sterne Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: When you guys look at Isilon's performance in 2011, would you say that the salesforce penetration was pretty dispersed across the commercial and enterprise groups or was it really just segmented towards certain verticals? And sort of how do you see that progressing into 2012?
David I. Goulden: We had good success in both enterprise and commercial accounts. Obviously, there's areas where Isilon excels, some areas of life sciences, some areas of media, seismic processing. But again, we have seen a shift and again, into more what you might call enterprise or corporate customers. And as we have more and more software enhancements come out, I think you'll see continued more and more penetration of those kind of accounts, too. So we're very excited when we -- when Isilon became part of the family, and I can tell you without a doubt that we're even more excited today than we were when we bought it. So we've got great prospects ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Noland with Robert Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just to confirm that roughly a storage array or proposal is comprised 20% to 25% hard drives. And then I wanted to ask about Europe, Joe. Any additional color you can provide on Western Europe by country or end market.
Joseph M. Tucci: What was the 25%?
David I. Goulden: Jayson, we don't get into the kind of details of our balm [ph]. I mean that's really between us and our supply chain. So we're trying to avoid getting into those numbers. Our supply agreements with our suppliers are obviously confidential between us and them, so we don't want to give away information that could impact what people think about them as well. So we'll stay away from that question. And then, Joe, Western Europe, just color.
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, as we said, we're expecting kind of Europe in total, both the Eurozone and the U.K., to be relatively flat next year in IT spending, which puts a bit of a headwind because we did have decent growth this year. But again, we do expect -- and our plans are to grow, from an EMC perspective, in Western Europe. But you read everything I read. It's definitely more competitive and more difficult now than it was a year ago.
David I. Goulden: And Jayson, just color on what we saw in Q4 in Europe. You saw that we saw Europe growing about 6% year-on-year in Q4. And not surprisingly, we saw relatively stronger growth in Northern Europe and relatively weaker growth in some of the southern European countries, but we still saw growth in Europe which I think is good in this environment.
Operator: Our final question comes from Daniel Ives with FBR.
Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just can you give us your view in terms of financial spending for 2012? I mean, obviously, it's been strong. Just sort of your view baked into guidance, at least anecdotally?
Joseph M. Tucci: When you say that, Daniel, are you talking about spending from the financial sector?
Daniel H. Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes.
Joseph M. Tucci: It's pretty interesting. We had a decent quarter in financials. Insurance did better than banking, but both markets did okay for us. And I think when you talk to that industry, it's kind of a tale of 2 cities. Obviously, there's a lot of pressures, but also, there's obviously a lot of regulation and a lot of productivity needs that these companies have. And of course, to meet these regulations that are happening around the world and to get the productivity gains, you've got to invest in IT. So we still see good opportunity in the financial sector broadly and there's a lot of caution around it. You've got to make sure you work hard to get your return on investment case very clear. But again, they invest wisely and they need productivity gains and they have to meet the regulations of the land, so we're fairly bullish on our opportunities in 2012. Well, thanks, everyone for joining us. We really do appreciate it. We truly believe that our cloud, our Big Data and trust strategies are well placed and are being very well received by our customers and partners. We have a lot of confidence in our strong 2012 product roadmap. We have a truly great team. Very importantly, we have momentum, and everyone in EMC is really excited about our prospects to grow and take share in 2012 and beyond. So we are in a pretty good place right now and confident, so thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to chatting with you in 3 months. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee David I. Goulden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Tony Takazawa - VP
Analysts: Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division Richard Gardner - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Louis R. Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division A.M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Maynard J. Um - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Glenn Hanus - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP, Global Investor Relations of EMC. Sir, you may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2011. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter and discuss our outlook for the rest of 2011. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC's execution of the strategy, and how EMC is positioned to help customers on the journey to the cloud and in their efforts to handle the growth of Big Data. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today, in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation.  All these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of emc.com. As always, we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These schedules are quite important in understanding our results, so we do encourage you to take a look at them. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call.  With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report another quarter of excellent results. We achieved third quarter revenue growth of 18% and grew non-GAAP EPS by 23%. We again improved both non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP operating margin both sequentially and year-on-year, and we grew free cash flow by more than 25% on a trailing 12-month basis.  Our strong Q3 results underscore that our strategy continues to serve us well. Our sharp focus on key areas of opportunity within cloud and Big Data is propelling ongoing momentum. Our broad portfolio of differentiated solutions within these secular trends is resonating with customers, and our disciplined operational execution and control are driving our success. The combination of all 3 of these has driven our results over the past several quarters, but I'd like to take a moment to focus upon the power of our portfolio.  We achieved $4.98 billion of revenue this quarter, a record amount for any quarter in our history because the combination of our storage, virtualization and security offerings is compelling. Our results stem from having market-leading products and services in each of these high-priority areas of IT spend and also by leveraging capabilities across our lines of business. For example, we developed our storage solutions with an eye towards security and virtualization, and customers rely upon our expertise in these areas as they decide where to deploy their IT dollars.  In any business environment, customers want to make their IT operations more efficient and more agile. Having a partner who can get them there from start to finish is critical, and this is why we win. This advantage was clearly demonstrated by our Information Storage results in Q3 where revenue grew 16% year-on-year to $3.7 billion, driven by product revenue growth of 28% in the mid-tier.  Our storage portfolio has been taking share in both the mid-tier and the high end because we provide best-of-breed products which address customers’ specific use cases and uniquely enable them to manage massively expanding data volumes. Our high-end product revenue grew 7% over last year's Q3, which we believe is faster than the current growth rate for this segment of the markets.  Customers with mission-critical data sets needing the very best reliability, availability and scalability trust VMAX. While customers have traditionally purchased our high-end storage to handle their biggest and most important business applications and databases, they're increasingly using VMAX to meet additional needs. Its powerful scale architecture is ideal for emerging use cases such as service providers using it for customer facing workloads. And with the combination of FAST VP, Flash and large data drives, VMAX can automatically tier data across various drive types. This capability lets customers store more data types on their SIEM; data in some cases used to relegate the Tier 2 vendors and lower the total cost of ownership. As a result, we win against high-end and Tier-2 vendors alike with VMAX's unique scale-out and other tiering solution. We had a great example of this in Q3 at a global pharmaceutical company where we displaced 1.5 petabytes of Tier 2 storage because VMAX is powerful, trusted and smart. The resilience and sheer horsepower of the VMAX architecture was far superior for supporting this customers database application. Moreover VMAX's tiering capabilities enable them to use tier drives and get better performance at a lower price. The introduction of FAST and Flash drives creates a value proposition that is unmatched and is a key reason why we continue to be the leader in the high end.  We've been gaining share in the high end and are equally confident about taking share in midrange storage as well. EMC has built out a unique best-of-breed midrange offering over the past few years. This allows us to attack traditional midrange players head-on with a new converged VNX frontline from underneath with a new low-end VNXe offering and from the flanks, with market-leading backup and scale-out NAS offerings.  Add to this product portfolio, a distribution channel that has doubled the number of partners in its ranks over the past year and vastly expanded the volume through these partners, and you get a clear picture of why we're so confident we're taking share in these segments.  Let me touch briefly on some of these factors that are driving our acceleration momentum in the midrange. Starting with our VNX Family, which includes both VNX and VNXe. The transition from product generation unified mid-tier products is ramping according to plan, with over 80% of our new system revenue in this space coming from the VNX Family.  VNXe, our new simplified storage solution built and priced to meet the needs of the SMB market, continues to flourish. VNXe has enhanced our value with existing customers who are deploying it in departmental and remote implementations. VNXe is winning us new accounts as well. Since introducing the VNXe in March, we've added well over 1,300 new to EMC customers with this easy-to-use storage solution. As VNXe is a brand-new product that just came out this year, and our win share are almost all incremental, it goes out saying that we are also gaining share in the low end. Its value proposition is clear, simple, efficient and affordable.  VMX, like the VNXe, is also simple and efficient, and on top of it, delivers the raw power and effective utilization rates needed by large enterprises. It is winning us new footprint because of its ease-of-use, its high integration with VMware and its ability to tier data automatically, resulting in a lower total cost of ownership for customers.  These attributes make VNX a great fit for cloud environments which is why the largest tire distributor in the country chose to put its private cloud on VNX. American Tire uses its VNX-based cloud, 99% virtualized on VMware, to run its mission-critical Oracle e-business suites, and in doing so, was able to significantly increase performance during usage peaks. VNX replaced incumbent systems as several other companies as well in Q3, including a global pharmaceutical company, a global retailer based in France, a financial software company based in California and an insurance company based in Michigan.  With the accelerated growth we saw in our unified platforms in Q3, it is clear we're gaining market share from traditional SAN and NAS vendors alike.  Our Backup Recovery Systems business continued to lead the market and exemplified the EMC effects. We still have a lot of room to grow, both home and abroad. We expect BRS to continue to be one of our fastest growing segments for a couple of reasons. Our unique approach to deduplication makes us faster for both backup and recovery than a competition. And on top of this is the integration we built between the products in our portfolio. Whether a customer is simply replacing tape or virtualizing and working on a next-generation backup architecture, we can provide a best-of-breed solution. We saw this in Q3 with one of our longtime financial services customers who is now switching their entire backup environment to leverage our dedupe portfolio. A large city in Finland also expanded its EMC footprint on the strength of our combined BRS offerings, including Networker to create backups of their virtual machines, Avamar for backing up the virtual machine files and Data Domain as the backup target.  Altogether, this solution enabled the city to reduce its data protection costs by 28%, the type of result that resonates with businesses and public sector organizations alike. With growth that continues to outpace the market, we are clearly gaining share with our differentiated backup and recovery solutions.  The same secular shift to ever larger data sets and file sizes is driving demand for our Big Data storage and analytics products and services as well. Our offerings here are growing faster than the market, with the revenue for our portfolio of Big Data solutions including Isilon, Atmos and EMC Greenplum, up over 100% again in Q3. Within this, we're encouraged by the continued penetration of Isilon beyond verticals like life sciences in media where Isilon has become the de facto standard. Isilon is now expanding its presence in broad implementations that are not vertical specific. In these more general purpose data center uses, we're seeing a lot of purchasing for NAS solutions to run things like Neil [ph] and archiving, filesystems and home directories where data consistently expands and requires a solution that can scale where other NAS implementations cannot. Such was the case with a large financial service provider in Q3. This bank was struggling with a solution for an incumbent NAS vendor that just couldn't scale for its growing general-purpose file shares, archives and backups. Isilon met their need for viable long-term NAS solution that offered simplicity of a single file system, scalability in line with data growth, ease of use of managements and lower CapEx to improve utilization. Overall, Isilon has been tremendously successful in solving customer challenges and is making life increasingly difficult for the competition.  In addition to the financial services I just mentioned, there is a long list of competitive displacements across a wide variety of more traditional NAS use cases. In fact, in Q3 alone, Isilon displaced incumbent vendor at one of North America's largest natural gas producers, universities in Georgia and New Jersey, an international law firm, and an IT managed service provider, to name but a few. The big story here with Isilon is that it's quite clear that we continue to be successful in verticals where they've been well known, but more importantly, we are taking share and removing competitors in more horizontal use cases where other vendors' clustered approaches cannot scale nearly as easily or as efficiently as Isilon's.  Our excellent results across our midrange portfolio demonstrate the synergy of having so many best-of-breed tools in our back. Sometimes it's the combination of Isilon for true scale-out file and VNX for database as we saw with the displacement in Q3 on one of the world's largest providers of business outsourcing solutions where performance and utilization were falling behind. Often, it's Data Domain, given the opportunities to present its value proposition to a new scale-out VNX customer as we saw in numerous deals in Q3. Regardless of the final solution with EMC, customers can be confident of achieving optimal results across their environments, physical and virtual alike.  Story massive and growing amounts of data is one thing, making sense of and getting real value out of this data to add business insight is quite another and what our Greenplum business does very well. Greenplum solution was built for the era of Big Data. And for many companies, it's a next step in their analytic strategy. Greenplum's massively power processing capabilities let companies capture more data and make it more readily available. This is true Big Data analytics as its more real-time nature explores the details of business operations and customer interactions that aren't typically captured in a data warehouse.  Such was the case with the win in Q3 at a financial regulatory entity which now puts Greenplum in 3 of the top trading and regulatory organizations. This organization was looking to process both structured and unstructured data to aid its decision making as its legacy system was being overloaded with the dramatic growth of data from outside sources and by the large volume of users. By augmenting their system with Greenplum, they are now able to process the large volumes of data necessary to spot patents that might be of regulatory interest. All companies are keen to harvest valuable insights like these, and this is why Greenplum's business continues to ramp in terms of both revenue and employees to keep pace with growing demand.  Looking across our storage portfolio, it's clear our best-of-breed base of offerings is broad enough to meet the needs of a wide variety of customers and the wide variety of needs within each customer. We've always believed that it's best to have the right tool for the job in this market and that the "one size fits all" approach would ultimately be unsuccessful. The fact that we're gaining share in and across all our storage solutions sets is proof that customers agree with our approach. In addition, the fact the competitors are increasingly following our lead underscores the realization that their approaches have been incomplete.  EMC's storage innovation engine continues to produce new compelling products. The latest example is our service life Flash initiative project lining, and I'm pleased to report that this is progressing well with the first shipping in Q3. Our approach confines five 9s Flash-enhanced array technologies with best-of-breed server Flash and FAST software into a single architecture for a compelling combination.  While our storage capabilities are broad, there are also deep comprising solutions that are second to none. We've proven leading-edge technology and standard of service that are consistently recognized as amongst the highest in the industry. Armed with these advantages, we're strengthening our storage leadership position in the 2 biggest opportunities in IT today, cloud and Big Data.  Another key opportunity for us is building trust in the cloud, and our RSA Security division is the critical asset that is allowing us to pursue it. With revenue up 16% over Q3 a year ago, RSA is benefiting from its integrated solutions set that works across physical and virtual environments. Our advanced security management and compliance solutions offer the situational awareness that today dynamic threat environments requires. They are agile, adaptive, coordinated controls that get more predictive as patents of data movement and use behavior are absorbed, which contain the necessary remediation capabilities to ultimately thwart an attack. Our identity management and protection products are also seeing strong demand and benefiting from some larger renewals in the quarter. Customer trust in our solutions is high, and in fact, last month, SecurID won Information Security Magazine's Readers' Choice Award for Best Authentication Product in 2011. Nearly 200 Information Security professionals polled in the spring and summer, ranked SecurID especially highly for its integration and compatibility with existing infrastructure and its ease of use for end-users and its scalability.  Our long-standing data centric approach to IT security is clearly the right one. Competitors seeing the advantages to this strategy are now trying to cobble their point products into a more cohesive solution. In addition, security professionals are drawing on our expertise in IT security to discuss best practices for protecting sensitive information and systems.  In the past few months, senior RSA officials have participated in APT Summit in Washington D.C. and London and presented recommendations to Congress. We'll continue to leverage our expertise in this space to help build the blueprint for an evolving threat environments within a rapidly shifting IT landscape.  Revenue from our Information Intelligence Group was $171 million, flat from Q2. IIG continues to transition its offerings to lighter-weight, content-enabled applications on top of xCP using modern virtualized frameworks. In Q3, we announced Documentum clients for iPad, an app which provides users secure access to information and Documentum and enables them to access share and collaborate on their preferred device.  VMware revenue grew 32% in the quarter to a record $941 million, driven by the massive shift to more efficient and more agile cloud architectures, for which virtualization is the cornerstone. The popularity of VMware is underscored by the record attendance at VMworld in Las Vegas in August with more than 19,000 customers, partners, press and analysts, and by more than 20,000 registered for VMWorld Europe and the Asia Pacific and Japan V4 events being held this week. VMware continues to differentiate itself in this space with virtualization offerings that are far more developed than any other competitors. By building onto vSphere's capabilities with more robust features in storage, business continuity, virtualized security and edge functions, modern infrastructure management and monitoring, a multi-tenant provisioning resources, VMware continues to enhance its strategic relevance in the data center.  With our shared vision for offering IT-As-A-Service in cloud environments and ultimately, via hybrid clouds, the evolution of EMC storage, Content Management and security portfolio is increasingly complementary to VMware's feature set. We have already seen in study after study that EMC is the infrastructure provider of choice in virtualized environments, yet another study in August showed us extending our share here even further with 44% of CIOs polled naming EMC as the preferred provider for the virtualized environments. As VMware continues to build out its capabilities, our underlying infrastructure will continue to be second to none for supporting virtualization.  With VMware's stronger results, the full year minority interest expectation for VMware has increased slightly. Also, as we advised last quarter, it is important to correctly account for the additional dilution from VMware. Our expectation for the combination of the minority interest and VMware dilution for the full year is now approximately $220 million, an important consideration when modeling consolidated EMC EPS for the year.  The excellent performance of our services organization extended into Q3 as customers continue to look to us to build out their cloud architectures and get the most from the information contained in the infrastructures. A great example of this was a milti-million dollar deal signed in the quarter with a South American telco. As they embark on a multiyear IT transformation to align their fixed and wireless systems, run their business more efficiently and enable more targeted cross-selling across marketing of their products, they engaged us to help drive their cloud, Big Data and security strategy implementation.  Customers also look to EMC to guide them through projects centered on optimizing cost efficiency such as data center consolidations. This was a case we won the world's largest pharmaceutical companies in Q3, which listed EMC for the consolidation of 10 globally dispersed data centers. This was a strategic win, thanks in part to the high quality of product service engagements which opened the door for even larger opportunities against the incumbent provider, in this case, HP, in the future.  As our products and services portfolio grows and evolves, so does our go-to-market approach. Our efforts to expand and deepen our channel relationships are paying off for both EMC and for our partners. We've laid a strong foundation with the onboarding of several thousand new channel partners year-to-date and are now directing our efforts towards averaging these incremental routes to markets.  Our progress was recognized earlier this quarter by Computer Reseller News which named us a winner in their prestigious 2011 ARC awards, and also awarded us a special 2011 Tech Innovator award for VNXe, a channel-only products. We added another channel-only product in the quarter with the Data Domain 160 deduplication storage system for small enterprise data centers in remote offices. The strides we've made with our channel efforts are manifesting our results with our mid-tier product revenues through non-Dell channels growing over 40% in Q3.  In addition, VCE continues to gain traction with orders up approximately 50% from Q2 as a single converged infrastructure solution that can be up and running on day one. With a single pane of glass for management and a single point of contact for integrated service and support, Vblocks are truly differentiated in the market. The value proposition of Vblocks perhaps even more relevant in uncertain times as our converged infrastructure means faster and easier deployments that requires far few resources of reference architectures. For these reasons, we expect demand for Vblocks to continue its rapid growth.  Across all business, we will continue to improve our technology portfolio, enhance our relationships with customers via our world-class services and sales forces, and build out and deepen our relationship with partners. This approach will serve us well and is resulting in clear value for our customers as our results in Q3 and for the past several quarters have shown.  In Q3, total revenue grew 18% to $4.98 billion. We reported strong growth internationally, with revenue from APJ leading the way up 37%, while the EMEA revenue grew 15% from Q3 of 2010. Growth in North America was also strong at 16% where we saw strength in financial services and year-over-year growth in federal. The power of our portfolio is also evidenced in our operating results where our faster growing higher-margin products continue to drive gross margin in the right direction. Non-GAAP gross margin expanded by 250 basis points over last year's third quarter to 63%, driven by favorable revenue mix shifts and better gross margins across the business. This improvement helps us to continue to show leverage in non-GAAP operating margin which increased to 24% of revenue.  We are very pleased with the progress we've made here over the last several years through improvements to our mix, improvements to our product and services costs, and efficiencies in our operating structure. And while we remain on the offensive to take advantage of the vast opportunity in cloud and Big Data, we'll do so while spending prudently and investing wisely.  Our balance sheet and cash flow continues to be very strong. Deferred revenue grew 34% to $5.7 billion, driven by strong bookings and renewals. Our free cash flow generation continues to be strong, with trailing 12 months free cash flow of $3.8 billion, approximately $500 million than non-GAAP net income for the same period. We ended the quarter with $9.3 billion in cash and investments. We returned $800 million to shareholders in Q3 via the repurchase of EMC stock. We expect to repurchase the balance of the full $2 billion amount that was authorized by the board in August before the end of the year. We now expect our average share count for the full year to be 2.235 billion shares.  Turning now to the outlook. While Joe will give color on what we're seeing in the macro environment globally, one thing is fairly obvious. Uncertainty about the global macro environment has increased in the past few months. On the other hand, there are some things we are quite certain about. We're focused on the highest priorities in IT spend. Our product portfolio is in the best shape ever. Our go-to-market approach is well defined and our reach is expanding. Our partner ecosystem is getting stronger and our operations are more efficient than ever before.  We are focused on our a triple play over the long term and the priorities we laid out to gain market share, invest for growth and deliver leverage continue to guide us through the balance of the year. We remain on track to exceed $19.8 billion in revenue and exceed non-GAAP EPS of $1.48.  In short, our strategy is sound, our investment approach is disciplined and our execution is solid. We expect these qualities, which have driven our success over the past several years, to continue to serve us well as we navigate next year and beyond.  With that, I'll turn it over to Joe. Joe?
Joseph M. Tucci: Thanks, David. I would like to begin by welcoming everyone to today's earnings call. Thank you very much for joining us. Overall, I am very pleased with our Q3 results. They were hallmarked by impressive top line growth, which undoubtedly produced share gains for us, and leveraged on both the bottom line and in free cash flow.  The key ingredient to our success was balanced growth, double-digit year-on-year growth across the vast majority of our product and business units; namely, in VMware with its leading virtualization and cloud-aware software; in our Information Storage business; in our Information Protection business; in our Information Security business; and in our information analytics business.  Additionally, we exhibited this balanced double-digit, year-on-year growth in our global services business and across our major geographies, in the Americas, in EMEA and in APJ. These impressive results are clear indicators that our hybrid cloud computing and Big Data strategies are resonating extremely well with customers. They see our products and services as relevant, and they are entrusting us to help them accelerate their journey to the cloud and its significant advantages. I would like to recognize the more than 52,000 people around the world who are members of the EMC and VMware Family and thank them for their innovation, their hard work and for their dedication to our customers' success.  I would now like to add a little more color as to what we saw and experienced in regard to customer spending trends in information technology in Q3 and then comment on what we expect to see in Q4 and a little bit beyond. For sure, in Q3, we saw that customers were examining their IT purchases with more scrutiny. Customers are looking for, in fact, demanding that their IT -- that their investments in IT yield real productivity gains and help them achieve competitive advantage and/or better intimacy with their customers and constituencies.  This increased level of scrutiny resulted in our order flows being skewed more towards the end of the quarter. The good news is that we saw a customer interest in cloud computing both private and public to be quite high and growing. Even better news is that EMC and VMware are becoming more relevant as we are being viewed by more and more customers as a strategic partner, as they accelerate their plans and journey to the cloud.  In Q4, we fully expect this customer spending scrutiny and selectiveness towards IT purchases to continue. The winners will be the IT vendors that can truly help customers produce faster ROIs, the ones that have the strategy, products, services and ecosystem to help customers move to and receive the massive benefits of IT-As-A-Service, and of course, we expect EMC and VMware to remain at the top of this list.  Within this context, we believe that IT spending in Q4 will represent a meaningful increase over Q3, but perhaps a tick below our normal Q3 to Q4 increase. I know there's a lot of interest in our take on what 2012 might look like, and as always, we will speak in depth about 2012 on our January call. But since this level of interest in next year isn't higher than normal, I thought I would share 3 beliefs we currently hold about 2012.  First, we expect that there will be growth in global IT spending next year, but this growth rate is likely to be somewhat lower than what we saw and are seeing this year. Second, we are confident that interest in and investment in cloud computing, Big Data and security will remain top IT spending priorities. And third, we expect EMC to continue to gain share on our markets, therefore, growing significantly faster than the IT spending growth average.  With that, I will now turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you, all, for your cooperation in this matter. Julie, can we open up the lines for the questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question, Aaron Rakers, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron C. Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess my question would be centered on the midrange product cycles, specifically the VNX. Can you talk a little bit about where we're at in that cycle? How we should think about the trajectory of that cycle over the next couple of quarters? And any color on how much of that momentum that you've seen is basically leveraging the installed base versus really greenfield new competitive wins?
David I. Goulden: Yes, let me start. So first of all, as I mentioned in my comments, if you look at what we call unified which is basically the old 2 Cs plus VNX, now 80% of the systems revenue from that category is now in the VNX Family, so the transition to VNX has happened. As I mentioned again in my comments, obviously, we are seeing a lot of upgrade potential and upgrade happening from the installed base, but we're also winning a number of new accounts as I mentioned.  The third point I'd make is, that the channel play with VNX is also very strong, with VNXe close to 1,500 new to EMC customers this year, and as I mentioned, again, the non-Dell channel revenues for the mid-tier in total, the biggest piece is unified, is up 40% year-on-year. So we feel good about the take-up, the adoption, the momentum and also the ability to expand the market into not just the VNX space, but also VNXe.
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes, we're basically 2 quarters into the VNXe cycle, and obviously, there's more to go in this cycle. And we have a very robust roadmap, and there'll be refreshers and kickers coming to this product family in the not too distant future.
Operator: Brian Marshall, ISI Group.
Brian Marshall - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A question for Joe. I think, Joe, you've been talking about IT industry growing at kind of the high end of 5% to 7% range for calendar '11 and your commentary with respect to calendar '12 being below those rates. To put some numbers behind it, I mean, do you think we're talking about 3% to 5% outlook for the industry next year?
Joseph M. Tucci: Brian, I still am convinced that when all the smoke clears and we look backwards at 2011, you will see 5% to 7% growth this year, probably maybe 6% to 7% in the higher end. So next year is all we're planning for right now from everything we see is that will slow down somewhat. We're still collecting a lot of data, and you read the same analysts and reports that I do, both industry and Wall Street analysts, financial analysts. So there's a lot of work out there.  So right now, we're -- our belief is we want to share the best with you, yes, they will be somewhat slower, but we do expect positive growth. I don't want to go with any numbers yet. I promise you we will give you a number when we -- our best guess at a number, not guess, but hard work estimate of a number when we get to Q1 January call.
Operator: Ittai Kidron, Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I wanted to focus on your fourth quarter commentary where you mentioned, correct me if I'm wrong, that you expect the third quarter trends just to continue but to be slightly below normal. Maybe incrementally, can you talk about what vertical are you seeing -- in what verticals you're seeing that slight incremental weakness that now leads you to believe you're not going to see the fourth quarter as you hope you would see?
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, just to use a little prose, I do expect that we will see a budget flush, but what I try to be -- give you is -- I'm seeing, I think that our budget flush is likely to be real and meaningful, but perhaps slightly below what we've seen in other years, Q3 to Q4 growth. So I still think it will be fairly good. Within that, I mentioned areas to watch where public sector, what was happening in southern Europe, what was happening with commodity pricing. You go down that list, interestingly enough, in public sector, knock on wood, I know others are seeing it, but so far, we're not seeing this public-sector growth slow in the U.S. or in federal government. But we did see some public sector -- a little bit of public-sector slowdown in Europe.  I had talked about southern Europe, certainly, that's something we continue to watch and how that impacts on the Eurozone. On the commodity front, you read what I read, again, that oil prices are down and most commodity prices are down also. So that doesn't seem to be too potential -- too big of a potential risk right at this point. The banking sector, everybody worries about, it's really interesting. We saw in the U.S. kind of a slow first half, but a resurgence in the second half of this year. In Europe, in some of the Eurozone banks, there was a little bit of softness in Q3, so we'll continue to watch that. So that's a pretty broad brush of what we're seeing. But overall, again, this slip back into prose, I do expect that we will see a budget flush that ends up being a little bit slower than normal.
Operator: Amit Daryanani, RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one maybe follow-up on the December quarter expectations. Maybe if I look at $19.8 billion as a full year run rate, it would imply December is up about 8%. I think historical seasonality tends to be up 15%. Given the fact that you aren't really seeing a lot of issues in public financials, could you help us understand why the big delta versus historical trends which you guys are guiding for December?
David I. Goulden: Well, first of all, understand that our guidance is to exceed $19.8 billion and exceed $1.48. So you can't plug those numbers in. We said that we're going to do better than those numbers. So that perhaps is the most important data point to start off with here. As Joe said, we're expecting to see a strong Q4, a meaningful increase in revenues from Q3, and a slightly lower-than-normal budget flush, but still a decent budget flush, so we're looking for a strong Q4.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And I mean, I guess maybe the part I was trying to get on was, do you think FX can have some sort of impact in the December quarter on a sequential basis?
David I. Goulden: On a year-on-year basis, which is perhaps the way to kind of look at it, quarter-end FX rates would give us a neutral impact in Q4. Obviously, they were a help on a year-on-year basis in Q3, so FX would make basically a couple of points of difference. We had about 170 basis points of help from FX in Q3. And currently, we expect no FX help in Q4.
Operator: Scott Craig, Bank of America.
Scott D. Craig - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: David, can you maybe go through the gross margin side a little bit more both on a quarter-over-quarter basis and on a year-over-year basis just sort of how much did mix and, say, the efficiencies and sort of the product and services cost reductions that you're seeing contribute to the gross margin improvement just in a little more detail?
David I. Goulden: Sure, Scott. Year-on-year, the big driver is our product margins. Basically, VMware product margins improved and storage product margin improved, and the storage product margins are from 2 things. One is from a continued mix shift towards our higher margin products, which is our software products and our appliances, and we've kind of promoted that theme for the last kind of couple of years. That helps us. But we also got some margin rate improvements in almost all the major products on a year-on-year basis as well.  Quarter-on-quarter, we saw a little bit of improvements in product gross margins, but the bigger improvement quarter-on-quarter was in services gross margin where a couple of things happened. We saw a mixed shift towards our maintenance services which are more profitable than our professional services. But also within our professional services, we also saw a few points of margin improvement there, and those are the biggest drivers.
Operator: Deepak Sitaraman, Crédit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Joe and David, on VNX, relative to the 1,300 new customers that you've noted for VNXe, what were the comparable number be if you were to just look at VNX? And in terms of share gains in the midrange, specifically for VNX and Isilon, can you share some thoughts on where you think the share gains for each of these product families is coming from?
Joseph M. Tucci: Let me do it this way. I don't want to break out -- break apart VNX and VNXe. But the risk of David throwing something at me, I'll evoke executive privilege here, and I'll give you a number you would -- but it's like I don't -- we're going to basically -- we're focused on mid-tier and that's the number we're going to give you, but I'll delve back. Year-on-year, our VNX products grew over 20% year-on-year. And so in other words, if you took Celerra, CLARiiON last year and you took those same product families this year with VNX, VNXe, we grew over 20%. So the family is doing fine. We're having applicability across a wide, probably all verticals and in several big cloud topology. So we're very pleased with the way the VNX Family is progressing.
David I. Goulden: And Deepak, let me just add to that. Obviously, VNX is a huge part of the mid-tier. But also in mid-tier, you got Isilon, which we said basically doubled on a year-on-year basis, and you've got Backup Recovery and the systems that are also kind of in the 20% plus growth range as well. So you'll look at all and it's a really strong portfolio, and I think we're definitely gaining share in the mid-tier.
Operator: Maynard Um, UBS.
Maynard J. Um - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to delve a little deeper into your comments on the financials and the federal verticals, which doesn't sound like you had issues that others have been seeing. Does your commentary about the linearity of the business also apply to these verticals? And in particular to federal, was the budget flush in the U.S. as you expected or was that more attributed to share gains there?
Joseph M. Tucci: I believe in the federal. Obviously, it was the quarter end for federal, so there are always some budget flush in the federal and we saw some of that. And I do believe we took some share, specifically, in the mid-tier product family. When you look at the power of the VNX, the VNXe, the unified, the Data Domain and Avamar products, we have tremendous portfolio there. And there's no doubt in my mind we took some share.
Operator: Richard Gardner, Citigroup.
Richard Gardner - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was hoping you could flush out the Isilon comments a little bit. Dave, you mentioned that Isilon, as you said, making life more difficult for the competition in general-purpose, file-based workloads. Could you add a little bit more color there on where Isilon is gaining share and why?
David I. Goulden: Yes, sure. I mean, we wanted to make it very clear that Isilon, whilst it may have grown up in a kind of more vertically oriented marketplace, is really doing exceptionally well in the horizontal markets, particularly people who just have kind of large scale-out file requirements. And the key is simplicity. What you do with Isilon is you start small and you basically add to the systems and it scales linearly. It has a very high utilization rate as well. So it really is displacing systems well often. Other vendors will have multiple filesystems that will try and do a single job, and there's a lot of load-balancing going on between those filesystems. We can just put one in there that replaces the entire amounts. And all the example I mentioned on the call were examples where we've actually displaced incumbent NAS vendors. And then in the vertical markets, obviously, places like oil and gas, media, where it's becoming a household name, et cetera, still going very, very well.  I think the message here is that what we've got with Isilon and with VNX and with Data Domain is in each cases we've got a best-of-breed platform, and the best-of-breed platform is providing better utilization, better returns and is not providing a compromise compared to a one-size-fits-all, and that seems to be the solution that's winning in the market right now.
Operator: Alex Kurtz, Sterne Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: David, can you just remind us the bomb cost improvements in VNX versus CX4? How that helps you in your pricing strategy with VNX in the midrange and sort of what that leverage allows you to do in the market?
David I. Goulden: Yes, Alex, what we said when we introduced VNX and VNXe, and it's actually holding out pretty well, is that with VNX, we expect to get slightly higher average gross margins than the predecessor products. And with VNXe, we expect to get slightly lower than average gross margins in the prior products, so that is -- because we're aiming that at a price penetration point.  But in total, the gross margins are pretty comparable in terms of the new family to the old family, and that's pretty much how it's being playing out. That's the strategy we talked about in January. And as you've gone through the year, that's what we've seen happening. Obviously, we've got a much more opportunity to sell software and upsell software packages on the VNX. We basically repackaged a lot of our standalone software products into 3 or 4 bundles on the VNX, and that's also being successful. So we're getting higher software attached rates which is also helping gross margins.  So we think we're very well positioned competitively on VNX and also VNXe, and the margin profile is as we expected. A couple of other things I'd point out as well is that on the VNX, with the higher range models that kind of high end and mid-tier, we're getting over 50% penetration rates on both Flash and FAST, which is really driving the tier storage agenda which is, again, is relatively unique in the market place and is also helping with margins. So the strategy as we played it out in terms of bringing the tiering, bringing the differentiation and having the price point differences is working for us in the margins and holding it well.
Operator: Katy Huberty, Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: David, over the last week, the hard disk drive vendors have announced that production will be impacted by the flooding in Thailand in the fourth quarter. So just curious if you have a view yet as to whether you have enough inventory to manage through the quarter or if there's any risk of price increases to get your hands on drive?
David I. Goulden: Katy, we've been very working closely with our suppliers since the initial problems and, of course, we're not sure exactly how that they're going to be because water levels are still rising over there. But based upon our current information and where our current suppliers are actually based physically, we are not expecting supply chain constraints in Q4 and we're not expecting the pricing environment for our supply chain to change in Q4 either. Bear in mind, we tend to be our supplier's largest customer and get pretty good treatment when it comes to situations like this.
Operator: Toni Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein.
A.M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Joe, I think you had commented that the quarter was a bit more back-end loaded than usual. I would say given the prevailing economic uncertainty in Europe, that actually sounds a little counterintuitive to me. I would have thought that uncertainty would have heightened over the course of the quarter. So perhaps you can explain what you think happened in September that led to that statement. Is there any risk of pull forward from Q4 into Q3 perhaps you can allude to backlog? And then finally, related to that, if normal seasonality is kind of 12% to 15%, other than spending levels being a tick below normal, what other considerations should we be thinking about in building our models for Q4?
Joseph M. Tucci: Yes, Tony, you got a lot in there as your questions usually do. Let me see if I can parse it up a bit. You talked about the order flow, and what I was -- the forecasts were very consistent. As a matter of fact, as we got near the very end, forecasts were actually going up a tick which usually doesn't happen. But -- so if we didn't have the forecast for the quarter, I'd say, maybe we pulled in but we didn't. I mean, and we don't give backlog numbers, but they're not material in the analysis here. So it really was that we had our sites, we had the fearless forecast and we knew where the orders were forecasted, we follow them, and those were the orders we got. So they just came later and we saw our customers having additional levels of scrutiny or levels looking at -- levels within the organization looking at and purchasing departments getting maybe a little more involved, things you do when customers really want to kind of -- signs that they're watching their budgets tightly.  But also, it's clear to us that customers are going to spend on priority items, and they're not freezing. So you always get this question, how do you -- how does this look to you compared to 2008? And I think it looks vastly different. And again, we're in considerably different shape because if you look at our product portfolio in 2008, since then, we didn't have VMAX, we didn't have VPLEX, we didn't have VNX, we didn't have VNXe, we didn't have Isilon, we didn't have Greenplum, we didn't have Data Domain -- or we just got Data Domain in the end of that year. We're on vSphere 3 going to vSphere 4 not vSphere 5.  So we're -- we as a company are in a lot of situation, and customers, while they're being diligent, still want to get productivity gains and remain competitive. And it's really interesting, you watch the financials in the U.S., it was a little bit slower in the first half of this year and it was -- we watched it closely. But in the second -- in third quarter and what we think will happen in the fourth quarter, as their information gains and their plans to fund different projects come, can't be held back any longer, they're spending. So -- and I'm sure the same thing will be true in Europe. We saw a little bit of the converse there, some of the Eurozone banks are stronger in the first half than the second half.  But again, these projects, they have -- everybody's got a worry about things like Basel III and other laws we have here in the United States and -- so it's hard to say that any one sector is going to be soft. The one I continue to worry about is public sector as a lot of governments, if I had one systemic where you will be that as governments are really stretched and they got to be. But again, there, we see more of a movement to the cloud. So that's kind of a little bit more color of what we're seeing. Did I answer -- I don't know if I answered all your points in your question.
A.M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just considerations for Q4 modeling on normal seasonality of 12% to 15%, anything else we should be thinking about?
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, it's all we want to say, Tony, is we're planning for a tick below. You can look what we normally do at Q3 and Q4 gain, and we believe it will be a tick or a bit below that.
Operator: Glenn Hanus, Needham & Company.
Glenn Hanus - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on some previous questions. As we think about seasonality for modeling next year and give -- so can you comment on whether there's supply issues might really hit more sort of the first quarter and the overall seasonality next year, should we think about a normal year or perhaps a little more back-end loaded?
David I. Goulden: Glenn, again, we're -- my answer on the supply really relates to Q4, which is what we're most keen on locking in. We're still kind of working with our suppliers relative to whether there's any impact on Q1 and we can't really give you an answer, positive or negative, right now to that effect. We're not seeing any alarm bells. We just haven't finished all our analysis with our suppliers on Q1 yet for supply. And then, again, as Joe said, 2012, we want to give you a little bit of color today because there's been a lot of questions just in terms of which direction we think IT spending is going to go. We've given you a view of a direction. And then, really, apart from that, we really want to keep our comments on everything else to do with 2012 until we get together again in January when we'll give you a lot more color on what we're seeing out there.
Operator: Louis Miscioscia, Collins Stewart.
Louis R. Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division: Maybe to change the topic a little bit, if you could talk about storage virtualization, what you're seeing out there in the sense of this is starting to pick up from your standpoint and how do you view the competition versus the product that you have out there?
David I. Goulden: Well, let me say this. What we think as the most important aspect of storage is how you auto tier. And you can -- customers can store a string of information bits, bytes. You can do it in memory. You can do it in Flash technology. There's several different kinds of Flash technology. There's SLC. There's MLC. There's consumer MLC. You can do it on 15K Fibre Channel drives. You got 10K Flash drives. You got huge 3-terabyte going to 4-terabyte SATA drives.  So depending on where you store the data, you got tremendous cost differentials, hundreds to one when you go from memory down to some of the other tiers that are 1001 in cost parameters and speed and everything else. So the real most important thing we see with customers is how we used all those technologies. And then based on hitting their service levels and their policies, we'll automatically tier that storage for them and give them a lower total cost of ownership and again, actually produce drives -- arrays that are smaller, more green, and far, far more performing. So if you're going to ask me what is the most thing -- what moves the needle most in storage, I would tell you it's that. The storage virtualization is basically used today for how do you move data across different arrays. And we have -- with VPLEX and other things we're doing, we have very strong offerings, and we believe our offerings are best-of-breed. And you're going to see a lot more of -- some of that technology even be put into the virtualization engines, namely VMware. So we're very, very pleased with our position, and actually setting the tone and the path to where this market will go.
Operator: Ben Reitzes, Barclays.
Benjamin A. Reitzes - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit about the geographies? Joe, what did you see in Europe? It looks like pre-currency growth was probably like up around 10%. That's still actually pretty good for that environment. And APJ, why was it so good?
David I. Goulden: Ben, let me just give you a couple of the flavors on currencies. Actually, constant currency was near 12% in Europe, so, again, strong. Well, I just want to give you that data point. Joe, you want to comment on the -- did you have colors?
Joseph M. Tucci: No, APJ is just really hot for us, as our other parts of the world. If we broken out our business in the Middle East and other parts of the world, countries in the world where we're quite robust, and it's the big investment we've been doing in these rapidly growing economies and new developing economies, which is paying off. And of course the way those economies are just natively growing.  If you look at EMC as a lot -- a younger, much younger company, despite being formed in 1979, we really didn't get up on storage until 1991-ish. So our revenues are still -- and, of course, Q3 is probably more U.S. skewed which is 54% of revenues, but kind of in a -- most of the other quarters you'll see our -- we still have 52-ish percent of our revenues in the U.S. So obviously, we have a lot more potential outside the U.S. for our products and services, and we've been focusing on that percentage -- on that potential while still growing the U.S. at very good percentages. So we're very -- so part of it is focused, part of it is the, I think, just the attractiveness of our product line. Part of it is the fact that we have younger and have a lot more growth opportunity relative to our potential outside the U.S., and I think that's why Asia.  In Europe, as you said, as David said, in constant currency, we grew 12% which we think is pretty good. Clearly, taking share in Europe. And I think in the U.S., without a doubt, we took share. So we had some pretty good balance and good products, good strategy, good go-to-market and a lot of good people on them, very fortunate.
David I. Goulden: Well, thanks, everybody. It's great that you are with us today. In summary, we believe that we are well positioned with our cloud and Big Data. [Audio Gap]
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Goulden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee Tony Takazawa - VP
Analysts: Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC Brian Freed - Wunderlich Securities Inc. Maynard Um - UBS Investment Bank Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, VP, Global Investor Relations of EMC. Sir, you may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2011. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results we released this morning, He will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter and discuss our outlook for 2011. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC's execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned to help customers on a journey to the cloud and in their efforts to handle the growth of Big Data. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today, in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation.  I would also like to point out that we are using a new basis of presentation this quarter and while it takes a bit of a different format than the previous schedules, I would like to assure you that all the reconciliation information is still available or calculable for your analysis purposes. All these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of emc.com. As always, we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These schedules include a lot of financial information, so we do encourage you to take a look at them.  The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements. And information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call.  With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report another quarter of record results. We achieved record second quarter revenues of $4.85 billion, up 20% from last year, as revenue growth improved from Q1 across all of our reporting segments. We achieved record Q2 non-GAAP EPS of $0.35, up 25% from Q2 of last year. And we continue to improve both non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP operating margin, both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. These results are further evidence that our strategy is on target, and we continue to execute on our triple play. We're gaining market share, investing for the future and improving profitability. Our unwavering focus on providing customers with the right technology to transform their IT and get the most from their data is resonating with our customers and winning us new ones. We have innovated and invested to stay in front of these needs and continue to do so day in and day out. It is this focus on innovation that has earned us our market-leading position, which continues to get stronger. There is no other company in IT with our combination of best-of-breed technology for both the virtualization and infrastructure layers that enable cloud computing and for unlocking the value contained within Big Data that surround us. Given that we're still close to the beginning than at the end of this fundamental shift to cloud computing, we continue to invest and innovate in the right areas to ensure we take full advantage of the massive opportunity that lies ahead. Now let's take a closer look at how these opportunities are driving the financial results across our various businesses, starting with Information Storage. Growth in our Information Storage revenue was strong, up 19% to $3.6 billion. Within Information Storage, we saw the year-on-year growth rate changes we expected from the high-end and from the mid-tier, as our high-end product growth moderates to 15% while our mid-tier product growth accelerated to 27%. This acceleration was driven by the strong results from our new VNX Family. We're clearly gaining share across our portfolio for traditional data center workloads, for cloud deployments and for Big Data workloads as well. As we continue to seek out the most efficient and intelligent ways to handle these massive volumes of data, customers of all sizes and across all industries look to us for the best solutions for their unique IT storage requirements. In the high end, it is our unique suitability for emerging needs that is driving our share gains. While customers continue to choose VMAX because its capabilities for mission-critical uses in traditional data center implementations, they're increasingly selecting VMAX for new use cases as well. VMAX's enterprise class reliability, availability and serviceability appeal to service provider customers who're implementing VMAX to cloud services where its service levels are mission critical. VMAX's tiered storage capabilities, leveraged by fully automated tiering software, offer a total cost of ownership that competes with and is displacing incumbent Tier 2 vendors. VMAX is also finding its way to new customers through VPLEX. VPLEX's ability to full storage resources from multiple data centers is a value proposition competitors cannot match and which opens doors for additional EMC solutions. As we continue to innovate, our solutions remain leading edge, meeting the emerging requirements of a growing number of customers. This was demonstrated with the announcement of VMAXe last week. VMAXe packages enterprise-class functionality into a smaller and simpler array that comes preloaded, preconfigured and virtually provisioned for rapid deployments. Designed for organizations with limited storage expertise and IT resources, VMAXe extends the value proposition of VMAX to customers across the globe. This was the case with Heritage Auctions, the third largest auction house in the world. Heritage Auctions knew it needed something more than a dual-control architecture to achieve the highest levels of availability possible for its online customers. But it also wants a system that's easy to use and would take up as little footprint in the data center as possible. The 1.3 petabytes of active storage VMAXe offered was most sufficient for its needs. And FAST VP would allow them to operate this array at a lower total cost of ownership that is being offered by the competitor, in this case, HP 3PAR. In short, Heritage Auctions selected EMC because VMAXe allowed it to continue its migration to high performance, fully virtualized environments within its budget constraints and to be up and running in just a few hours. As this example illustrates, the ability to tier storage automatically with FAST software is a key feature that's very popular with customers. The adoption of tiering technologies continues to ramp as we shift more Flash capacity in VMAX in the first half of 2011 than in all of 2010 and as the penetration rate of FAST on new systems continues to steadily increase.  Of VMAX systems that shipped with FAST in Q2, we're seeing Flash and SATA go out with almost 90% of these, indicating how important automated tiering is to customers. Pulling the right data in the right place at the right time maximize the efficiency of their systems and maximize the return of their storage investments. Looking across our broad portfolio in the mid-tier, we benefited from growth in each of our mid-tier product groups, from the VNX line, backup recovery systems and our Big Data storage technologies.  Starting with the VNX, which just completed its first full quarter availability, we are pleased of our progress here. VNX is ramping according to plan, with VNX now accounting for approximately 2/3 of the sales of our unified storage products, which include the VNX and the VNXe, Celerra and CLARiiON. Almost half of VNX systems sold in Q2 shipped with NAS on block protocols, highlighting the value customers get from its unified architecture and from the flexibility it brings to these environments. Tiering is as much of a value preposition on VNX as it is in VMAX. As the penetration rates of FAST on our unified products continues to grow, Flash capacity on our unified storage products grew 39% from Q1 and in the first half of this year exceeded Flash ships on unified products to all of 2010. VNX is the only product that offers storage efficiency to automated tiering on a unified architecture, enabling customers to get the maximum value from their storage investments. We win in competitive situations time and again because we're able to offer what customers want. And while what we want differs from customer to customer, we're able to address all of the high-priority requirements as we saw with our Q2 wins. It was the flexibility of VNX's unified block and file capabilities that won a deal at a U.K. -based media company. It was the ability to tier with FAST on VNX that won a deal at a global agribusiness. And it was VNX's superior support of VDI rollouts within a Vblock that won us a deal at a state government agency in Missouri. The VNXe is off to a very strong start and is successfully expanding our penetration into the SMB and commercial segments of the market, as over 600 of our VNXe customers in Q2 were new to EMC. The channels that are so key to success here continue to grow in numbers and productivity. We recognize how important channels are to the success of VNX and VNXe. With partner recruitment well underway, we've added over 1,000 more partners in the quarter, and we're focusing our effort on getting our new partners ramped, trained and selling volume. We're making excellent progress here as the non-Dell channel revenue grew over 40% year-on-year for our unified storage products. Performance in our Backup and Recovery Systems business continues to be strong. After 8 quarters as part of EMC, Data Domain continues to benefit from the EMC effects and its popularity has pushed our other backup technologies into the forefront, helping to drive growth in Avamar and Networker in Q2. The combination of a large customer base with the best-of-breed backup technology portfolio in the industry is serving us well. Despite others trying to make play in this space, our wins are steady and frequent as we increasingly move outside our customer base. Now turning to our solutions being specifically developed to handle Big Data, including Isilon, Atmos and EMC Greenplum. As you know, the opportunity in Big Data is enormous. From social media to the medical field to manufacturing, Big Data files are everywhere. We're seizing the moment to help shape how the industry makes sense of this and does so efficiently. Starting with our scale-out NAS solution, Isilon is showing all the hallmarks of the EMC effects, combined with leading technology, with product revenue more than doubling year-on-year and our pipeline expanding. While Isilon strengths was driven in large part by continued strong demand from its traditional customer verticals like media and life sciences, Isilon is expanding into new segments as well like manufacturing.  We're seeing these opportunities for several reasons: First is the maturity of Isilon's offering. In its sixth generation, Isilon is established, trusted and ready for use in enterprise-class applications. Second, EMC leveraging these other verticals is bringing Isilon into deals they might not have seen before, and those deals close faster. Third, enterprises now simply have more file-based data than before, and they're seeking the most efficient ways to storage. And finally, as we announced a few weeks ago, with the latest spec results, Isilon offers the world's fastest file system and is increasingly the technology of choice for any customer looking for a best-of-breed scale-out NAS solution. In short, Isilon solution is the market leader in Big Data storage because of its ability to scale performance on massive capacity requirements and this sets it up well for the EMC effect. In fact, in the example mentioned earlier, Heritage Auctions augmented its VMAXe purchase with an Isilon system for its vast amount of auction-related contents. The ability to meet a variety of need of one customer illustrates the value of such a broad and deep product portfolio. Complementing Isilon in our Big Data portfolio is Atmos for globally distributed cloud environments. Ideal for the geographic distribution of project -based data, the newly announced Atmos 2.0 is 5x faster and 65% more efficient than its predecessor. Storages of the service providers like PEER 1 Hosting Canada and Ninefold in Australia select Atmos as the platform for their self-service cloud storage offerings for several reasons, including the ability to set policies to match service levels and simplify deployments because it's available as a completely integrated software and hardware cloud storage solution. No matter how efficiently Big Data is stored, it is important to prove its worth. Organizations need a reason to store such vast amount of data that might have limited use on a file-by-file basis, but which in aggregate, have the power to present a treasure trove of valuable insights. While the immense value of these data might present is only just begun to be unlocked, EMC Greenplum is at the forefront of what is rapidly becoming a new important field in data science.  In our data computing division, we're driving our Big Data agenda faster than the traditional database players and firmly establishing ourselves as thought leaders in this space as we're creating innovative solutions for customers to help them capture all the value they can from their information. In less than a year within EMC, EMC Greenplum has accomplished quite a lot. Last year, we rolled out the Data Computing Appliance, a product that now accounts for over half of our EMC Greenplum revenue. In Q1, we announced a partnership with the analytics company, SAS, and the partnership is hitting all the milestones we set out for it. In May, we announced the availability of the Greenplum Hadoop Enterprise edition available as software or as an appliance, which makes Hadoop enterprise-ready by adding features like realtime data interaction, greater reliability and improved ease-of-use and deployments. Armed with these next-generation data analytics tools, we're helping customers unlock the values trapped in all their information, structured and unstructured alike. In all, our storage product portfolio is second to none. Our differentiated technology across our entire solution set in the high end, mid-tier and backup and in Big Data is driving our ongoing stronger-than-market growth. Since we're still in the early stages of transition to IT-As-A-Service and tackling Big Data, we're comfortable continuing to gain market share. Turning to our RSA Security division. I'm pleased to report that year-on-year revenue growth in Q2 increased to 13% from 8% in Q1. Both our identity management and protection and security management compliance businesses grew in Q2. Importantly, our SecurID business grew as well. Security is one of the most important factors underlying customer confidence as we move to the hybrid cloud, and we believe RSA has a unique portfolio of solutions to help customers secure their cloud environments. In March, RSA suffered a cyber attack, resulting in some information related to RSA SecurID products being compromised. Since the last earnings announcement, increased coverage of the attack on RSA and attack on Lockheed Martin reports of use information taken from RSA and a steady stream of news of cyber attacks unconnected to RSA combined to heighten customer concern about risk in general. These events caused us to take some additional actions related SecurID, and so I want to take a few minutes to walk you through these events, the effect they're having on our business and how we think about RSA's future success. So starting at the beginning. We detected an extremely sophisticated cyber attack on RSA systems in March and determined that some information related to our customer SecurID systems had been extracted. We alerted customers within hours of determining this information could potentially impact their SecurID systems. We published recommended best practices to help customers protect against broader attacks, potentially leveraging the information taken. We reached out to thousands of customers and partners to discuss what we knew and how and why they should implement our recommended best practices. We hardened our IT infrastructure and the processes related to SecurID manufacturing and delivery. Our analysis of the attack led us to believe that likely targets were the defense sector and related government agencies. Our recommended remediation steps for these customers, therefore, also included total replacements. Our analysis also led us to believe that financial gain was not the likely motive and that the information was not as useful in targeting individual consumer accounts. However, on a case-by-case basis, we offered additional remediation such as risk-based authentication to customers protecting web-based consumer financial transactions. The suspicions that our attack was targeting the defense sector was reinforced in June when Lockheed Martin disclosed an unsuccessful attack on its systems had utilized, among other elements, information taken in the attack on RSA. Lockheed Martin had implemented many security measures, including our best practices and successfully detected and thwarted this attack. Subsequently, they accelerated their plans for total replacements to complete their SecurID remediation. I would note the Lockheed Martin incident was not the result of a new attack on RSA, and there was no change in customer risk or recommended remediation steps. What did change was our customer's sensitivity to risk. This was caused by the same news flow around cyber attacks as in addition to press coverage of the attack on Lockheed Martin, there was broad media coverage of attacks on organizations including Google, Sony, Epsilon, the Australian government and PBS. While these attacks were entirely unrelated to RSA, the publicity resulted in many customers risk tolerance going down while the level of awareness and concern went up. Given this heightened sensitivity in early June, we formally expanded our remediation programs to all SecurID customers, offering 2 additional protection options. For customers using SecurID to protect intellectual property and corporate networks, we offered total replacements. These customers represent only about 1/3 of the SecurID installed units that constitute the vast majority of the number of customers. For customers using SecurID to protect web-based consumer financial transactions, we offered additional transaction monitoring. These represents about 2/3 of the SecurID installed units concentrated in a small number of customers. So from the beginning, we focused on our customers' needs. We worked proactively and openly with them immediately after the attack and continue to do so. Importantly, customers continue to tell us that they understand what happened, are comfortable with our communication and appreciate how we're working with them to ensure their SecurID environments are effective.  So that's a recap of the events. Now moving to the financial impacts of the remediation efforts. In Q1, we incurred an accrued costs associated with investigating the attack, hardening our systems and working with customers to implement our remediation programs. Given our estimates of the financial impacts of these remediation programs, based upon the information we had at that time, we included the costs within our non-GAAP results. As a result of our decision in June to expand our remediation programs, we recorded a $66 million charge during the second quarter. This charge provides for additional transaction monitoring for all consumer-oriented customers who want it and for total replacements for all corporate customers who want them. Given the increased impact of the expanded remediation programs on our financial results and its nonrecurring nature, we've excluded the charge from our Q2 non-GAAP results. Looking forward, it is likely that RSA growth will remain a bit slower as remediation efforts continue, but we're confident that we're doing the right things to maintain customer loyalty and confidence in SecurID. The best proof of these successful efforts is how customers have reacted, and I'm pleased to say that overall customer feedback is positive and increasingly, customers are showing confidence. Lockheed Martin continues to use SecurID as part of its layered approach to security. We have significant SecurID renewals in Q2 for a wide range of customers including financial services and telecommunications. And we also gained new SecurID customers, including an order of over $900,000 from a European financial institution. These are pretty good indicators we're doing the right things in growing customer trust. This trust is key as customers look to protect themselves from increasingly pervasive and sophisticated cyber attacks. Customers need advanced network analysis, realtime security events and information monitoring. The data loss prevention service is to help them put these technologies to work. RSA has these assets, and you can expect to see us being more proactive with customers who are ready to move beyond remediation to advanced protection. In summary, we responded quickly to this attack and the heightened customer concerns. We have clear customer remediation programs. We have a good understanding of financial impacts this activity will have on our business. We're working everyday to earn and maintain customer trust, and this is a big reason why SecurID remains the industry standard in multifactor authentication. Security is one of the most important facets of customer confidence as they move to the hybrid cloud, and we believe that RSA has a unique set of assets to continue to help our customers secure their cloud environments. Revenue from our Information Intelligence Group was $169 million, up 6% quarter-on-quarter. IIG continues to evolve to meet the buying preferences of today's content management customers. We took another step in that direction in May with the announcements of the on-demand availability of Captiva, Document Sciences, CenterStage and Documentum. These offerings bring together best-of-breed technologies from EMC, VMware and RSA and accelerate the journey to the cloud for customers running EMC content management and collaborative applications. VMware revenue growth accelerated to 37% in the quarter to a record $921 million. Virtualization is the fundamental building block for cloud computing and as a market leader, it is clear that customers are laying the foundation for their cloud architectures with VMware.  We extended our already strong lead in virtualization with the announcements last week of vSphere 5 and a complementary suite of cloud infrastructure products. vSphere 5's processing capabilities are well beyond what even the most resource-intensive applications might need and comes just as customers increasingly look to move such mission-critical applications into the cloud. Because EMC offers the broadest support in the industry for VMware products across our storage, backup and security portfolios, we can rapidly leverage the powerful new vSphere 5 features across the rest of our portfolio. Several of the features unveiled last week extend VMware's reach. For instance, vSphere's storage appliance has the ability to turn a small amount of local disks on virtualized servers into network storage while Site Recovery Manager 5 has the ability to replicate VM's on the host. Both of these are ideal features for small and remote customers and offer an onramp for them to grow into a more powerful array-based capabilities as the tight integration of our virtual and critical product sets enables a minimally disrupted transition. Likewise, the new storage distributor resource scheduler capability of VMware are enhanced and accelerated by FAST VP, making an ideal combination of simplicity, integration, cost savings and improved performance. We also continued to integrate our capabilities to make the virtual world more secure than the physical one by embedding RSA data loss prevention capabilities into VMware vShield. This is a transformational development as it allows the scanning for confidential data within vSphere and vShield itself, meaning any workload running in vSphere inherits the same secure behavior. This is very different than the physical world where it's necessary to plug devices into network or install software on every host. What this means in the real world is that customers can ensure compliance with standards like SOX, HIPAA, PCI or PII by scanning data for sensitive information and do so with no agents inside the operating system. The power of combining the proven virtual layer with a proven infrastructure layer is not lost on customers. We've seen time and time again that the tight integration of our product set with VMware is winning us market share in virtual environments, but it's even larger than our share in physical environments where we're also the market leader.  As we did last quarter, we've broken out for you VMware's expected full year minority interest, which is now approximately $185 million. The financial impact of the minority interest will only get larger as VMware grows, affecting EMC consolidated net income and EPS. Not everyone is modeling this correctly. Because this impact is meaningful and very likely to get more meaningful over time, we provided our estimates of what it will be. It is important to model it correctly. Likewise, we've again broken out our estimates of VMware's additional dilution of $16 million. This accounting convention is required to reflect the impact on EMC's earnings per share of the incremental shares included in VMware's diluted share count that are not included in the minority interest calculation. As the delta between the VMWare's basic and diluted EPS changes, so will the impact on consolidated EPS. So this additional dilution must be considered to correctly forecast and calculate our consolidated EPS. At $16 million, this incremental dilution will account for about $0.01 of EPS in 2011. Both VMWare's minority interest and additional dilution should be considered in modeling consolidated EMC's non-GAAP EPS for the full year. It is clear that EMC has an extremely powerful set of solutions to help customers transition to the hybrid cloud and to take full advantage of their Big Data assets. But enabling customers to get to full agility in their cloud environments is not something EMC can do on our own, fully transforming IT to the point where customers have control, efficiency and choice that today's technology can enable requires the combined efforts of EMC and our partners. As we look across the IT ecosystem, we've identified a variety of opportunity to collaborate in ways that benefit EMC, our partners and most importantly, our customers. To get customers to hybrid cloud and benefiting from Big Data, we're leveraging our own services organization as well as our channel service partners, service providers and with our joint venture, VCE. Through our own services organization, we provide expertise to customers on the most effective ways to get to cloud and to leverage their Big Data assets. And cloud-related engagements continue to be the biggest contributors to growth in our consulting group.  In the second quarter, we won significant consulting projects in Korea, Netherlands, Mexico, Chile and the U.S., all with customers who are eagerly looking to transition to cloud architectures.  We also leveraged the expertise of our many different partners to help customers transition to more agile IT, a strategy that is in stark contrast to that of many of our competitors who push their own services. Our partners appreciate this approach, and EMC is rapidly gaining traction here. Many of our efforts recently have been focused on recruiting new channel partners and getting them fully educated on all the advantages of EMC technology. As we continue to ramp business through these partners who are so important for the success of our broad portfolio, our mid-tier and SMB products in particular, we're seeing that the improvements we've made to expand our channel partner program were the right ones. Our focus on better leveraging our channel partners extends to existing partners as well, and we've seen our efforts pay off. We've been particularly focused on 3 of our largest channel partners and saw their combined revenue increased 73% from last year's Q2 for our unified storage products. This is remarkable growth and a clear indication that our reach to new markets is rapidly gaining traction.  Service providers are also very important to the success of our hybrid cloud strategy. We have established partnerships with over 40 leading service providers around the world to help them offer new public cloud services. Our service provider partner community includes telcos like AT&T and Verizon, ISPs like Hosting.com, outsourcers like CSC and even enterprises extended their core business like NYSE Technologies. We expect the number of partners to grow and more importantly, the cloud services provided by our partners to flourish as the possibilities for improving the current state of IT with new and innovative cloud services are plentiful.  Finally, momentum continues to build at VCE. We've seen substantial demand from small and large customers, as well as partners who appreciate Vblock's convert best-of-breed virtualized infrastructure. And VCE's revenue for the first half of 2011 already exceeds the revenue it achieved all of 2010.  It's easy to understand customers' enthusiasm given the differentiated nature of Vblock platforms. Of course, there are also customers who, instead, may opt for reference architecture with parts from VMware, Cisco and EMC. And this approach is what competitors are trying to mimic with their own reference architectures. But the real differentiator is Vblock platforms, which address the very real issues that reference architecture cannot with a single converge product that can be up and running on day one, a single pane of glass of management. A clear upgrade path without worries about change control or lease management s and one point of contact for integrated services and support. As the only converged infrastructure products in the market today that's built and shipped direct from manufacturing facilities to customer sites to rapidly build out a cloud data center, we're confident that VCE will continue on its rapid growth trajectory. As VCE grows, we're seeing increasing sales to repeat customers who are standardizing their next gen data center on the Vblock are moving their enterprise workloads into full production on Vblock platforms. We will continue to improve our technology portfolio and build out and deepen our relationship with partners. This approach has served as well and is resulting in clear value for our customers as is evidenced in our Q2 results. Turning back to our financials for the quarter. Total revenue grew 20% to $4.85 billion in Q2. We reported record revenue internationally with revenue from APJ up 34% and EMEA up 20% from Q2 of 2010. The growth in North America was also strong at 17%. We improved non-GAAP gross margins by 210 basis points over last year's second quarter. Once again this improvement was mainly driven by an increased mix of higher gross margin products including VMware. This improvement helps to continue to show leverage and was the main driver for the increase in non-GAAP operating margin of 240 basis points year-on-year to 23.1%. Year-to-date free cash flow was approximately $1.56 billion, approximately $70 million higher than non-GAAP net income. We ended the quarter with $9.5 billion in cash and investments. We returned approximately $230 million in cash to shareholders in Q2 with the repurchase of EMC shares, bringing our stock repurchases to $1.1 billion for the first half.  Augmenting VMWare's $133 million share purchases in Q2, we also invested $62 million purchasing VMware shares in the quarter to keep our stake at around 80%. We spent approximately $700 million in Q2 on a combination of acquisitions, strategic and other related investments and the VMware land lease in Palo Alto. In closing, given our strong results for the first half of the year and our outlook for continued strong execution in quarters 3 and 4, we are raising our expectations for the full year. We now expect to exceed $19.8 billion in revenue and exceed non-GAAP EPS of $1.48. Our success as a winning provider of technology to cloud and Big Data will ultimately be measured over the course of several years. Our strategy, innovation and continued strong execution keep us firmly on track to meet or exceed the financial targets we discussed in February to reach 2014 revenue of $28 billion and deliver EPS leverage on top of this implied strong top line growth. With our unique competitive position, strength of our strategy and model and the vast opportunity that lies ahead, we're excited about what we can accomplish in cloud and Big Data not only in 2011, but over the course of next several years. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe who'll give more color on the outlook, the quarter, and the great opportunities that lie ahead. Joe?
Joseph Tucci: Thanks, David. I would like to begin by welcoming everyone to today's Q2 earnings call. As always, thank you for your interest in EMC. Overall, I am very pleased with our Q2 results. It is important to note that these results were underpinned by solid growth across all of our major geographies and across the vast majority of our product divisions and business units. Balanced results are critical to sustain success. Also critical to our long-term success is customer acceptance of our strategic vision and our ability to deliver against it. Clearly, our hybrid cloud and Big Data strategies are resonating extremely well with customers, and they see our products and services as relevant and trust us to help them accelerate their journey to the cloud and its massive benefits. I would like to recognize our 50,000 people around the world that are members of the EMC and VMware family and thank them for their many accomplishments, for their innovation, their hard work and their dedication to our customer success.  Let me now comment on the global macroeconomic environment in which we operate and talk about our expectations for IT spending in the second half of 2011. Starting with 2011 IT spending trends. We still believe that overall IT spending will be up in the 5% to 7% range this year, and we still firmly believe that the core areas where EMC and VMware have leading technologies, namely, in virtualization and in cloud OS, in information storage, information protection and information security and in Big Data are all technology areas, which will grow substantially faster than a 5% to 7% average. While we believe that IT spending in 2011 will be good, I would like to point that there are several potential macroeconomic risk areas that we continue to watch closely. As you may recall, at our Q1 conference call, we talked about 3 macro risks, namely, the disaster in Japan, a potential slowdown in public sector spending due to significant deficits and rising commodity prices especially oil. Reporting against each of these 3 potential risks in Q2, I am pleased to report that our year-over-year growth rate in Japan was good and we experienced no major supply chain interruptions. And we expect the balance of 2011 to be okay.  Our Q2 public sector revenues grew year-over-year in the low double digits, but this is still an area we believe has some potential risks, and we will continue to monitor this sector in the second half of the year. And as you know, commodity prices, overall, did not escalate much in Q2. In fact, oil prices pulled back a bit. Obviously, this is also an area to watch that greatly affects our economy.  So all in all, no glaring red lights on these 3 potential risks to IT spending. That said, we did see some softness in Southern Europe, and we expect this softness to be with us through the second half of this year. That said, these countries make up a very small percentage of EMC's consolidated revenues, but their impact on Europe as a whole represents an additional risk factor.  Although not totally related to the economy, we experienced some softness in our content management business as was evidenced by the 5% year-on-year decline we posted in our IIG business unit. We are working hard to properly reposition this business. We have a plan and a new management team in place and we do expect to return to growth late this year or early next. I assure you we will continue to monitor all sources of potential risk to IT spending. But to be clear, we are confident in our ability to produce strong results this year. This is evidenced by the fact that we raised our guidance for 2011 today. As David has already said, we now expect to exceed $19.8 billion in revenue and also exceed $1.48 of non-GAAP EPS. I said 90 days ago, the source of this confidence is based on our strong belief that our cloud computing and Big Data strategies are well placed and are underpinned with winning products on a fully committed and funded product roadmaps. This is true today, and 2011 has been and will continue to be a banner year for us with a record number of very significant product introductions. In Q1, at the EMC mega launch, we announced 41 new or significantly refreshed products. Of significant note here were the launch of VNX and VNXe, the Data Domain Archiver and FAST VP. I am pleased to report that all these products are doing well, and FAST VP is now our fastest growing storage software product. In Q2, at our attendance-breaking EMC World, again we had a series of very important product launches. For example, we launched new Isilon hardware and a new version of its OneFS operating system. An Isilon system can now scale up to 15 petabytes under a single file system with unmatched performance and ease of use. I am pleased to report that Isilon is now our fastest growing storage platform.  We introduced the VPLEX Geo with the unique capability to pool EMC and non-EMC storage resources between data centers, creating true virtual storage with the ability to access this pooled information from anywhere. We also announced the expansion of our Greenplum Big Data strategy and launched our commitment to Hadoop distribution and support and its integration with Greenplum software and the Greenplum appliance.  And in the last 2 weeks, VMware launched vSphere 5, along with several other major product enhancements. In short, vSphere 5 now has the performance, scale, availability and ease-of-use features to run all, even the most mission-critical applications and ensure the massive benefits of virtualization and cloud computing. Also very importantly, EMC just launched VMAXe, a new scale-up, scale-out symmetric platform with renowned ingenuity capabilities. This system closes the gap between our VNX and VMAX platforms. We actually started shipping VMAXe to customers in June, thus, we now have several systems installed and the feedback from customers is nothing short of outstanding.  And lastly, we introduced ProSphere, an all new storage resource management solution for the virtualization and cloud computing era, featuring ease of use and the ability to massively scale.  As you will note, the vast majority of these key product introductions are aimed to help our customers and our service partners accelerate their journey to private, public and hybrid cloud computing, and there is more to come. As I have said before, consolidated EMC is a technology company, and innovative products are the lifeblood of a technology company. To this end, we will continue to invest heavily in R&D and we will continue to acquire smaller companies who have leading technologies that enhance our strategic vision and give us faster time to market. Additionally, to assure customers get exposed to our products and receive the maximum value from them, we will continue to build out our keiretsu of high-quality partners to help our terrific sales and service organizations in the areas of product integration and solutions, product distribution and with services and support. We, at EMC, are focused hard on building out a world-class partner ecosystem, and the fruits of this effort is definitely showing up in our results. Our joint venture with Cisco, VCE continues to grow in both revenue and relevance. Customer interest in Vblock converged technology is extremely high, and the installed base of Vblocks is performing very well. For sure, Vblocks are proving their value proposition. And we expect Vblock sales to hit the $1 billion run rate mark in the next several quarters.  As this business has grown, Michael, John and I have tapped one our very successful and senior leaders, Frank Hauck, to join VCE as its President and COO. We are pleased to have Frank on the VCE team.  So again thank you for joining us today, and I'd now like to turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Okay. Apparently, we had some technical difficulties with the con call lines and hopefully we didn't lose anybody. As I mentioned, there will be an archive available later so in case you missed anything. So let's go on with the Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Mary Ann, can we have the first question, please?
Operator: Our first question comes from Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I wanted to dig in a little bit into the VNXe. David, maybe can you give us a little bit of color on the average deal size of this 600 new customers, and how are you working to build that channel? I mean, how should we think about that number as a run rate exiting this year?
David Goulden: Yes, sure. I mean, perhaps the average deal size, perhaps the way to talk about it is the average transaction size for an individual system because some of these customers are buying multiple systems. VNXe average transaction size is around $10,000, so much smaller than we would historically have got from the VNX line. And it's on track. In terms of when it becomes a meaningful piece to our overall business, that's not until 2012. But you can see that with several hundred new customers, obviously, many more times that new systems during the quarter and the channel ramp-up plan, we're making good progress. We are still, of course, a little bit learning in terms of the SMB spaces and we're signing up many new partners. We have a great feedback system. But all in all, on track and expect to see it making a bigger difference in 2012.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: As a follow-up, if I extend that question into the VNX itself, clearly, you're doing a very good job in driving that through in that transition from Celerra and CLARiiON into VNX. But can you tell us how much of the progress you made in VNX is really into your existing installed base versus actually helping you gain new customers? I mean, how do I think about that mix?
David Goulden: Obviously, a little bit of both in the case of VNX. As I mentioned, the 2/3 of the total category, what we call unified, is now VNX. So that's obviously is higher if you include the VNXe as well. But obviously, the initial opportunity for VNX is the fact we have a very large installed base of CLARiiON and Celerra systems. And I would say that the majority of what we're doing with VNX is into the existing customer base. But also we are openings some new customers with VNX. And just to clarify on VNXe, while as we said we had 600 new customers, obviously, we had many more than 600 customers in total for VNXe, so a little bit of that is also going into existing installed base. But obviously, much more new with VNXe, much more existing base focus right now with VNX.
Operator: The next question is from Maynard Um of UBS.
Maynard Um - UBS Investment Bank: Can you just talk about the competitive landscape, any changes either from larger OEMs or other pure plays because it looks like you're gaining share. I'm just curious where you think that continued gain will come from and particularly as it relates to the trend where OEMs are looking to own the entire stack?
Joseph Tucci: I'd say the competition is pretty much where we've seen it, no big change. Obviously, as you say, there's a huge thrust out there from the systems players, if you will, who sell the complete stack. Obviously, that's where we team with Cisco in the VCE and Vblock. But obviously, there's a lot of best-of-breed selling that goes on. That's still a dominant piece and to that extent, the competition has not changed as much as you would think.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Guys, when I look at an aggregate, it looks like the gross margins this quarter were actually much better than what we were expecting, but the OpEx is also much higher. I guess when we think of margin expansion going forward, do we think of the lever really being gross margins? Or do you still have room to control OpEx going forward to expand margins?
David Goulden: Amit, I think that what you're seeing is absolutely in line with what we said at the beginning of the year. We said to expect that the leverage we're going to get this year is going to come almost entirely from gross margin with perhaps a little bit from OpEx. And that's what, in fact, you are seeing. But bear in mind, those 2 things go hand in hand, so for example, part of the reason why OpEx is higher the year is because we've got now the OpEx base from Isilon and from DCD inside our OpEx, and that's driving some of the expense. But also -- they're also driving gross margin. So you have to kind of look at the 2 lines hand-in-hand, but it's very much in line with what we expected. And as we go through the balance of the year, you'll continue to expect that trend with the majority of our leverage coming from gross margin.
Operator: The next question is Lou Miscioscia of Collins Stewart.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: VNX has obviously been doing very well and you pointed out it's now 2/3 of your unified storage. But maybe you could give us a clarification as to how much of that is a percent of the mid-tier revenue where you have a number of other things in that same category.
David Goulden: Let me start, but Joe can add some color. It's the biggest piece of our mid-tier, but we're not breaking that out explicitly because when you look at the portfolio, really we're offering customers choice. And in some customers, a mid-tier platform like unified can do everything for them. In other cases, they might want a more specialized backup device like the DD Archiver. So to a sense, it's a little bit fungible. We are giving you some color. We said that for unified, the non-Dell channel business grew over 40%. And to give you a bit more color, if you took out Dell OEM, unified growth was over 25%, so giving you kind of flavor of how far we're going. But we're deliberately kind of keeping our segmentation down to mid-tier category because there will always be some puts and takes, and I think we got to look at how that overall portfolio is doing relative to the marketplace.
Operator: Ben Reitzes of Barclays.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Yes. Could you guys update us on where you are in BRS growth and versus your long-term target, as well as DCD, how big a contribution is that right now and where are you versus your $1 billion plus target there? And when do you think you'll get there in both?
David Goulden: Let me start off with BRS. BRS is still growing at a rate that's above the kind of long-term target rate that we've put in -- I'm sorry, aActually, we have that in the 20% plus category, right? So BRS is actually in that -- is still in that category, the 20% plus range and we're pleased about that. Obviously, there's a lot of competition trying to come into that market place, but despite that competition we're still holding our own, gaining share, winning a lot of new accounts. So we're pleased with how our business is doing. And we still think it's very differentiated compared to anybody else's solution in the marketplace. And Joe, you want to talk about DCD?
Joseph Tucci: Let me do it a little bit different way. We've been saying that there is massive opportunity at the intersection where cloud meets Big Data. So obviously, you've seen the VMware results. We've talked about the VMAX results. And now all of a sudden, if you look at the newer products we have, the Greenplum, Atmos, Isilon, I can tell you that each of those products, quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year, Q2 of 2011 over Q2 2010, more than doubled. All 3 of them. So we have tremendous momentum. And I have no doubt that we will get both the DCD, Greenplum side and Isilon to $1 billion. But this will take -- this will be measured for Greenplum in years, not -- because it's a small company when we bought it. It was $20-something million in revenues last year. So obviously, that's not going to happen overnight. The others, the DCD or BRS is already there. The combination of Atmos and way over, as a matter of fact, the combination of the Data Domain and Avamar is already there. So we'll get down those other 2 for sure. I'm very confident of that.
Operator: Deepak Sitaraman of Credit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG: David, can you comment on the pricing environment in the mid range, particularly as you ramp VNX? And Joe, maybe can you just speak about what surprised you either positively or negatively in this process of building out the channel to support the VNX ramp? And maybe just remind us of what inning you think we're in?
David Goulden: Yes, Deepak. The pricing environment, not surprisingly, is competitive but we expected that. I think the good news is if you go back to our launch in January, we said we expected margins for the VNX to be slightly higher than the CLARiiON and Celerra combined. And we expect the VNXe margins to be slightly below. And that's exactly what we're seeing out in the marketplace. So even though we're getting a more competitive price environment, we've also got a more competitive build, and the margin profile is exactly in line with what we expected with a full quarter behind us. It's good to be able to report on that.
Joseph Tucci: You asked me to comment a little bit on what surprised me in building up the channel. I think the good news is I wasn't surprised. We put some aggressive plans in place to grow our channel, both in terms of numbers, but much, much more importantly, in terms of impact. And obviously, we had to offset the dilution of Dell going away and we've done that, I think, extremely well. And so it wasn't a surprise. It was the plan. And our guys have done a really good job and we're very, very committed to our channel partners and they've given us very high marks.
Operator: Aaron Rakers with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: If I could delve a little bit into what you said about the mid-tier business. Correct me if I'm wrong, I think you said that the Isilon revenue was up double that of what it was on a stand-alone basis a year ago, which would basically imply about $90 million in revenue. If we take that into the mid-tier business, would that seem to imply kind of a mid or high single-digit growth rate x Isilon for this quarter? Just trying to gauge the impact of Isilon here as we think about the model.
David Goulden: I think if you normalize for Isilon revenues, perhaps the way to look at it best of all is to kind of include Isilon in both sides, so apples to apples. If you include -- if you normalize the growth rate for Isilon revenues, the 27% is still well into the 20s. So that would be the kind of apples-to-apples run rate for mid-tier storage product growth rate. X Isilon is still going to be way above the mid single-digit number, which you spoke about.
Operator: Brian Freed of Wunderlich Securities.
Brian Freed - Wunderlich Securities Inc.: Could you give a little bit more detail about your plans to ignite growth in your Information Intelligence Group? And also can you talk a little bit about your view of whether this is still a strategic business given that you embedded a tremendous amount of content intelligence in your storage systems?
Joseph Tucci: Yes, it's definitely still strategic to us. I mean, the big change we're going through here, as we think said at our Analyst Day -- Investor Day is that in kind of past times, you saw the complete platform and to a customer, a big, big platform sale. And then the customer would build apps on top of that. So for the insurance company, they could build apps to do claims processing, to do policy management and to do time and expense reporting, so they buy the platform. And that's not just way things are going down today. Much more lighter weight, much more semi-finished, semi-customed where the customer just put a finishing touch and they're buying these for a specific business purpose. So we've come with this xCP technology. It's working very well. But the transition from when used to do big, big buys and via a platform to buying these point products -- a lot of these point products more and more will be bought on a SAS basis, I am positive, is proving to be a bigger transition than we originally think. But it is still very, very strategic to our customers. When I'm out there with our customers, the applications that they have in our Content Management using our Content Management products is very, very strategic to our customers. And when done right, this could be a growth area for us for sure. It's just taken us a while, but we're going to stick with it. We're convinced that by the end of this year or early next year, we'll return this business to growth.
Operator: Alex Kurtz of Sterne Agee.
Alex Kurtz - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: David, as Flash becomes a bigger part of the overall strategy in the high end and midrange, how do you think about the supply chain around Flash considering some of the dynamics in pricing across vendors and sort of how that fits your bond costs?
David Goulden: I'll start and perhaps Joe can add a little bit of color. Obviously, we've -- since we're very early into Flash -- as you know, we started off with a single Flash provider. That has now changed. That's multiple sourced. We're still by far, by far, the largest enterprise storage supplier of Flash, but we do have a couple of different hedges. We have some investments in emerging Flash companies. We have a whole Flash agenda. So we're pretty comfortable about how we've been able to drive costs down to us, but also to drive pricing down to the customer since we introduced Flash. The premium between Flash and private channels has come down by orders of magnitude and it's much more attractive. And of course, with FAST on top of that, we can use it much more intelligently. So all in all, I think we're very pleased with our position in Flash and we do think that a lot of the value there is going to basically go to the foundry providers. We don't need to -- in terms of the manufacturing costs, we will take benefit from that as more people get into the Flash business and Flash component prices come down.
Joseph Tucci: Yes, and I think that's a substantially right. We have done a lot to help make sure we assure availability from the Flash developers. We've made sure that we've done things to help make sure we're getting good costs and price competitive, and we've done a lot of investments and a lot of R&D internally on the technology side. So we feel very, very good with our Flash position.
Operator: Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I was wondering if you could comment on the sequential gross margin improvement between Q1 and Q2. It certainly doesn't look like mix, alone, could account for that. My hypothesis is that RSA margins rebounded significantly sequentially, but I'm wondering on whether you can comment explicitly on RSA gross margins in Q2 versus Q1? And also on other forces sequentially that impacted gross margins?
David Goulden: Yes, Toni, you're absolutely right. In terms of our non-GAAP numbers, yes, to RSA. We, as I mentioned in my comments on RSA, we included some remediation costs in the non-GAAP results in RSA in the first quarter. And if you kind of look at what RSA margins would be normally compared to what we reported in Q1, you can just about estimate what the size of that charge was. It wasn't a small number. Obviously, smaller than the charge that we took in Q2. So that is a factor and actually accounts for a reasonable amount. We also saw a nice pickup in our services gross margin, particularly in the storage business. And then we do, as we go forward, year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter, we're seeing improved mix from higher-margin products. I mentioned the pickup in VNX compared to its predecessor, and also we're actually getting better gross margin on the products themselves. But those are factors. You're right, the RSA is a big one.
Tony Takazawa: We have time for a one more question, and then Joe will have a few concluding comments.
Operator: Mark Moskowitz, JPMorgan.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Real quickly here on the high end. Joe or David, could you talk a little about your expectations around the high-end growth in terms of 2Q results? Was that deceleration kind of expected due to tougher compares? Or are other factors here in terms of maybe your mid-tier cannibalizing some of the high end?
David Goulden: Yes, Mark, as I mentioned in my remarks, I mean, if you remember, in Q1, our high-end growth was remarkably high 25%. And as I mentioned, that was really driven by a lot of pent-up demand for FAST VP. We've been talking to our customers about it for quite some time. It started shipping and that drove a lot of new systems. It drove a lot of upgrades as well. Now we also mentioned that in Q1, we have relatively weaker results in the mid-tier because we only announced VNX towards the end of the quarter. We saw those growth rates kind of swap over in the second quarter, so we expected the 25% to come down to 15%. The good news is 15% is still higher than the longer-term growth range we have for Symmetrix, which in our modeling is in that single-digit growth range. So we do expect it to probably continue to trend back towards that single digit, but there are a lot of good things going on in the high end with Sym being used in new used cases and the VMAXe, of course, also giving us a kicker as well. But that explains the trends and the changes between Q1 and Q2.
Joseph Tucci: Yes, I think David hit on it. A major thing to consider is that lines between mid-tier and high end are glaring somewhat. If you think of the absolute tenants of the cloud is Big Data centers, big scale, and of course, if you look at what we're doing with infusing Flash technology and SATA technology, into SAS technology, into the Symmetrix product line, VMAX and then having FAST VP manage that and tier that -- put that information at the right price point and the right tiered storage to get to the proper SLA and performance, this VMAX is going to continue to be strong for us and it does have one of the major tenants that cloud computing implies. So we feel very good about it. So let me to close up here. In summary, we believe we have a well thought-out cloud and Big Data strategies. Customers are receiving these strategies in our products and services very openly, very well. We a partner ecosystem in place to be successful. We have terrific people here at EMC and VMware who believe and are committed to our future, and they believe it's going to be and I believe it's going to be a future of success. So I want to thank you again for joining us today. And I wish you all a great day. And we'll be talking with you. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phones at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Goulden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee Tony Takazawa - VP
Analysts: Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC Brian Marshall - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Securities Inc. Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the EMC First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would like to introduce your host, Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Global Investor Relations for EMC.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2011. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter and discuss our outlook for 2011. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC's execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned to help customers on their journey to the cloud and in their efforts to handle the growth of Big Data. After their prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of emc.com. As always, we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These include a lot of financial detail, so we do encourage you to take a look at them.  The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements. And information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call.  With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks Tony. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that EMC started off the year with solid results. We achieved record Q1 revenues of $4.6 billion, up 18% from last year's first quarter. And non-GAAP EPS of $0.31, up 19% over Q1 of last year.  We improved both non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP operating margin considerably from the first quarter last year. And we achieved free cash flow of almost $860 million, well in excess of record Q1 non-GAAP net income of $700 million.  We successfully executed our financial triple play once again, gaining market share, investing in the future and improving profitability. We fully expect to continue realizing this triple play over the long term for two reasons: one, we're in the early stages of the largest IT transformation in history which is creating enormous opportunities in cloud computing and Big Data; and two, we positioned ourselves to take full advantage of this opportunity by focusing on the transformation of IT infrastructure and applications.  Customers recognize that their ability to compete is increasingly tied to the efficiency and agility of the IT operations, and their transition into cloud architectures to make their businesses more efficient, more flexible and more agile. To get there, they're seeking partners who can meet their requirements from start to finish. From their first Phase 1 server virtualization deployments through the Phase 2 large-scale ramping up of virtualization to include mission-critical applications, through Phase 3 implementations where IT is automated and offered as a service and well into the future. Successfully navigating these phases could be challenging, and doing so in the face of additional challenge created by the rise of Big Data makes it even more so. In addition to scalable yet manageable storage of petabytes of data, customers need knowledge to grow beyond pros and cons. They need to analyze and leverage the massive amounts of data generated from various sources, such as always-on networks, the Web, consumers, surveillance systems and sensors.  We are squarely focused on helping our customers take advantages of the rapid, reemerging opportunities offered by both cloud and Big Data. And it's this focus that drives us to continually identify and execute on opportunities that increase our value proposition to customers in this new world. As their IT needs grow larger and more complex, and as more and more of the company's success is linked to IT, we have innovated and invested to come out in front of these needs.  There is no other company in IT with the combination of market-leading virtualization and infrastructure assets that EMC has today: the getting to cloud and for unlocking the value contained within the Big Data that surrounds us.  Our virtualization and infrastructure assets are critically important for getting customers where they want to be. This is why EMC is a vendor of choice for organizations, just for every size and every vertical, and it's a key reason why our opportunity is so vast. Not only do we have an excellent base of technology assets, but we're expanding our reach by getting to market in many different ways. We're working directly with our customers to move in to cloud infrastructures and address that Big Data needs on their terms and timelines. We're investing in and expanding our channel to equip them to become more invaluable partners to their customers, who are looking to gain great efficiencies from IT.  We're working with dozens of service providers who want to deliver the efficiencies of IT as a scale for their customers, and use best-of-breed technology to do so. And we're meeting the rapidly expanding demand to converge IT infrastructures to our VCE [Virtual Computing Environment] joint venture. In short, we're developing solutions and expanding our go-to-market in ways that make it easy for customers to take part in cloud computing and unlock the value of Big Data. There is a vast growth potential in the areas of where we compete and we're aggressively pursuing these opportunities at multiple levels. Given the strong growth we saw in the first quarter and the opportunity we see for rest of the year, we are now more confident that we can meet and potentially exceed our 2011 goals of $19.6 billion of revenue, $1.46 non-GAAP EPS and $4 billion of free cash flow. Now let's take a closer look at how these opportunities are driving the financial results across our various lines of business, starting with information storage. Q1 information storage revenues were $3.4 billion, up 18%. For years, storage has been a top priority as information growth continues unabated. This phenomenon is purely on a growth at a fundamental level and is not likely to change anytime soon. But perhaps more important is the fact that this unbridled information growth has forced customers to seek more efficient and intelligent ways to handle these massive volumes of data. The best solution for one customer may not be the best for another, which is why we continually strive to offer the very best-in-class technology, tailored for various business requirements.  High-end storage product revenues were up a robust 25% year-on-year, driven primarily by pent-up demand for the much-anticipated FAST VP [Fully Automated Storage Tiering with Virtual Pools] tiering software we announced in January. This, in turn, drove new VMAX [Virtual Matrix Architecture] system sales and upgrades. VMAX continues to be the smartest, most scalable and most efficient high-end storage system available in the market. And the ongoing introduction of unique capabilities such as Flash [Enterprise Flash Drives], FAST and VPLEX has led to tremendous growth since the introduction of VMAX in April 2009. The success and growth of this business has been great, and given our share in the high end, it has resulted in higher than expected growth in the market as well. While it's realistic to expect growth to moderate in this relatively mature market, we do expect to continue to grow faster than the market and gain share. Our main reason we expect to continue to gain share is the ongoing introduction of unique and value-added capabilities such as FAST VP that I mentioned earlier. In Q1, we saw a steep increase in the sale of FAST licenses from Q4 and 3/4 of systems we shipped with FAST in Q1 used both Flash and data.  Clearly, customers has taken advantage of the value proposition offered by automated storage tiering, and for good reason, as they're able to achieve up to 40% more application performance, while significantly reducing the number of disks and power needed, compared with single-tier systems. This type of differentiation in value will is what will lead to our continued success in this market. An excellent example in the quarter of how this differentiation is winning occurred with a rapidly growing IT service provider in Brazil. This company needs an infrastructure to support the VMware virtualized operating environment to host their customers platforms. A mission-critical implementation, their solution has to be proven, smart and ultra efficient, as well as perfectly suited for virtualized environments. With the ability to meet each of these requirements VMAX was head-and-shoulders above the competition in this deal. Our mid-tier storage revenue grew 20% in Q1, as our market-leading portfolio solutions offers important competitive distinctions in each of the areas it addresses. Looking across our broad set of capabilities in the mid-tier, it is clear that our ability to meet the wide variety of mid-tier use cases is unique. We firmly believe that this strategic approach will continue to drive our success here. By keeping the value proposition of each offering very distinct, channel partners benefit from selling the entire portfolio. This is an important point and one of which we are very focused. In our traditional mid-tier storage space, our newly launched VNX family is being very well received by the market. Our unified VNX products, which is also part of our January announcement, started shipping the last week in February and was off to a strong start in March.  VNX represented over 50% of the traditional mid-tier orders we have booked in the last two weeks in the quarter and we expect VNX revenue to continue to ramp over the course of the year. It has a long list of advantages against competitors, advantages that customers in this space really respond to.  First, it is simple. The market-leading capabilities of our file and block solutions are now combined into a single unified platform that is managed to a centralized and simple user interface.  Also, it is efficient. It is the only storage system that automates both file and block sub-LUN tiering with FAST VP. The combination of this, the compression and file duplication, enables customers to significantly improve capacity efficiency. It was great to see that almost 50% of VNX systems went out with flash capability, which indicates customers are taking advantage of tiering.  And finally, it is powerful. By leveraging x86-based multi-core processor technology to maximize solution throughput and bandwidth, the VNX, that it will record performance benchmark the network file performance and overall response times. VNX is 3x faster than our previous generation systems. With the launch of VNX, we drastically simplified our storage software offerings by streamlining over 25 different software products into five suites. This bundling has been extremely popular with our customers as well as with channel partners, as it's now much simpler to buy. The result was a dramatic increase in software penetration with VNX and a deeper value proposition for our customers.  In short, the VNX features set resonates with customers and was instrumental in winning several competitive deals in the quarter, across a variety of verticals, including a telephone service provider, building out infrastructure of the service for its client base; a bank, eager to take advantage of information [ph] FAST and FAST Cache on VNX to increase usable capacity and improve performance at lowest costs; a restaurant chain, looking to move out to private cloud; and a national police force, where we were already a trusted provider, and with VNX we're able to displace the incumbent vendor of this tiered file storage. We entered the SMB market in Q1 with the launch of VNXe which started shipping the 2nd week of March. The VNXe provides proven EMC quality into an affordable unified storage system. We designed the VNXe to be easy to manage, easy to sell and easy to support, with the features and functions you would expect from an EMC products at a price you may not.  The VNXe offers capabilities like advanced data reduction technology, automated technical support and efficient provisioning for mailboxes or VMware data stores, as an enterprise, it firmly establishes it as the best value in the markets. Remember, that this is a new product in a new space being sold to new customers through new channel partners, so it's going to take some time before we see a material benefit to our growth. However, we are pleased to report that VNXe is off to a strong start. We are rapidly on-boarding hundreds of new partners to sell the VNXe at a crazy [indiscernible] with existing channels. In fact, with VNXe launch events in dozens of cities across the globe, we signed on more new partners in the first quarter this year than we signed on over the course of all of last year, and the progress continues. The significant majority of our mid-tier portfolio is sold via our channel partners and we are proud of progress we're making here, particularly, as our client -- oh, we have an agreement with Dell, the client's less than $40 million of revenue in Q1.  In response to feedback we solicited from our growing partner community, just last week, we announced several enhancements to our channel partner program to accelerate partner profitability. We'll continue to deal with these relationships in ways that are mutually beneficial to both EMC and to our channel partners. Moving now to our Backup Recovery Systems division, which spans a variety of customer sizes, verticals and environments. BRS' ability to add value to just about any backup environment helps explain this division's consistently strong performance, with our Data Domain products leading this growth.  We expect this growth to continue, especially given the ongoing enhancements we're making to our market-leading product lineup. On Monday, we announced the expansion of Avamar for use in much larger production environments, by integrating it with Data Domain technology. We also announced state-of-the-art VMWare backup enhancements, with VMware APIs for Data Protection and tight integration with vCenter, Avamar can now provide up to 3x the backup speed of its nearest competitor.  This is an excellent illustration of the EMC effect at its fullest, capturing the wealth of opportunities available within EMC's existing accounts, while leveraging the deep resource of EMC, not only to connect with new customers, but also to drive valuable innovation as well. We intend to use the power of the EMC effect to capture the opportunity presented by Big Data, with scale on NAS [network-attached storage] and data analytics as well. In the scale of that space, our Isilon Storage Division exceeded expectations in its first quarter within EMC. This is due to the merits of its highly differentiated technology with the global namespace, a multi-petabyte scalability, Isilon Systems are designed to handle massive numbers of large files. In other words, Big Data.  We continue to differentiate the Isilon technology. Last week, we launched our next-generation hardware and software. The new systems incorporate greater tiering flexibility across SSD and FAST or SATA drives and combined this tier back-end with a large globally cogent cache and next-generation core processors. This technology improvements are leveraged by innovations on the software side, with significant enhancements to improve performance of mission-critical data center operations and with new recovery point objectives. The net effect is accelerated performance, throughput replication underscoring Isilon's market-leading position in scale at NAS. Our technology advantage here is winning us new customers and getting us into environments where we're able to swap out competitors' products that cannot meet customers' scalability requirements. Isilon is also seeing early examples of the EMC effect and benefiting from the strength of EMC's brand and global reach.  A couple of large wins in China in Q1 illustrate why Isilon is a storage infrastructure of choice for some many Big Data applications, in these cases, the Genomics. These customers need to make petabyte scale data sets simultaneously available to numerous instruments, users and data service. With Isilon, these customers are able to achieve unprecedented levels of both concurrent of sequential higher performance, while saving significant time and capital costs. Our Data Computing Division continues to thrive in the Big Data analytics space, both Forrester and Gartner have recently recognized the Greenplum for architecture leadership in this space, as our continued innovation, solid execution and strong cloud focus form the basis of our competitive advantage. With twice the data loading speed of its nearest competitor and the industry's best performance, the EMC Data Computing Appliance permits more data to be analyzed faster and at lower costs. Because of these advantages, FAST, the leader in business analytics software, recently announced the expansion of its high performance computing offerings on our Data Computing Appliance. The combination of FAST's unique analytic capabilities with Greenplum's massively parallel architecture in a complete purpose-built appliance, delivers a compelling value proposition to customers. To sum up, our Storage business has never been better positioned. Looking forward, we expect to see a bounce back of growth in the mid-tier, driven by full-quarter contributions from the new VNX family and continued leadership in the high end. Again, our strength in storage comes from our ability to provide leading-edge technology to a broader range of customers in used cases. After this, our depth of experience and our proven track record, and EMC emerges as the storage vendor of choice as customers transition to the cloud and navigate the challenges and opportunity presented by Big Data. Our RSA Security revenues in Q1 were $174 million, up 8% year-on-year. We saw a strong growth from our GRC [governance, risk and compliance], data loss prevention and IPv solutions. This was somewhat offset by a pause in shipments as we reviewed and hardened our systems in response to the sophisticated cyber attacks targeting RSAs that occurred in the quarter.  Customers are our first priority, and RSA's management and sales force are actively engaged in the customers and partners to address their questions and ensure they have the tools and support necessary to reinforce the security of their RSA SecureID environments. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, it is likely that we will give up some revenue growth within the RSA business in the short term, as we continue to work with customers and strengthen these relationships for the long term. This year's record attendance at the RSA conference, which is the marquee security conference, underscores the fact that the security challenges faced by IT organizations around the world are not going away. As attacks grow more sophisticated, previously targeted, customers need defense mechanisms at multiple levels to defend against them.  We deepened our RSA's analytics and virtualization offerings early this month with the acquisition of NetWitness. This acquisition, adds network analysis and insight to better inform security managements. This is a highly complementary addition to our store of GRC, data loss prevention and security information and event management offerings, as customers seek multilayer security offerings, as threats become increasingly persistent and complex.  Revenues from our Information Intelligence Group in Q1 were $160 million, down 10% from Q1 of last year, when we saw a larger number of big orders, including one particularly large financial services transaction. While growth here has been disappointing, the technology is good. We're making some key changes to help this business perform to its potential.  Our new xCP offering is earning accolades. It was awarded a leadership position by both Forrester and Gartner, in the most recent assessment of the space, because it can be used to build intelligent case-based apps faster at much lower costs and with fewer resources. We are building lightweight applications on top of xCP, using modern virtualized frameworks. These are geared for specific industries, which will in turn allow for much faster solution deployments.  And we've reorganized the IIG [Information Intelligence Group] sales force into a more vertically aligned structure with fewer accounts for rep, enabling our sales teams to identify and execute on opportunities more rapidly. This is an initiative we expect to start bearing fruit in the second half of the year. Because of these efforts, we expect this year to be one of modest growth and significant transition for IIG, with results being a business as much better positioned for success.  VMware revenue grew 33% in the quarter to a record $843 million. The VMware saw strength across all geographies and benefited from high close rates on large enterprise license agreements in the quarter. This impressive growth of VMware stems from a few simple facts. Virtualization is now mainstream, with the majority of new applications being deployed in virtual environments, it is a standard feature in modern data centers.  Virtualization is a fundamental first step for cloud computing, without it, customers are limited by the inefficiencies of physical infrastructures. And virtualization is being led by VMware, which is head and shoulders above others in this space, particularly for full data center deployments. In Q1, there continues to be countless examples of the affinity between VMware's robust virtualization platform and EMC's proven information infrastructure. As more customers entering Phase 2 in their journey to the cloud, we see more mission-critical applications being virtualized and deployed on high-end infrastructure or said differently, this can live up to the more demanding SLAs [Service Level Agreements] these workloads require. There are many such examples of these implementations in Q1, in retail, telecom, Internet, construction and insurance, to name but a few. Let me take a moment here for a couple of housekeeping items on how you should model VMware's results within EMC. First, we've broken out for you the expected full-year minority interest of approximately $175 million. We've also provided you with an estimate of the additional dilution of $50 million for the non-GAAP EPS calculation.  These items are being implied within our consolidated expectations, but we noticed not everyone has modeled in correctly. These amounts have been relatively small historically, but as VMWare's success continues it is increasingly important how non-GAAP EPS is calculated. The take away here is you should include both of these when modeling consolidated non-GAAP EPS for the full year.  Across our business, we have a number of additional initiatives to facilitate customers’ transition to cloud. Our Consulting division continues to see good demand for assistance building out cloud architectures. But getting to hybrid cloud also means utilizing enterprise cloud searches offered by external providers. And we're directing a lot of energy to make sure service providers have the technology and expertise necessary to enable these offerings. We've made lots of progress in this front, and you can expect additional announcements from us next week. Through our joint venture with Cisco and VMware, VCE, we're helping customers get to IT-as-a-Service much more quickly, with Vblock converged infrastructure products. The value proposition here is incredibly powerful as a Vblock enables the deployments of best-of-breed IT infrastructure in a matter of hours, rather than days or even months. With an expanding pipeline and a workforce approaching 1,000, VCE opened its headquarters in Dallas last month and will soon open offices in San Jose, Raleigh, Durham and London.  Given the market momentum, we're accelerating our investments in VCE. As it's important route to market, we'll service well in the race to create both private and public cloud infrastructures. We're increasing our projection for other expense in 2011 by approximately $70 million. The accelerated VCE investment is reflected here as our changes in the operating effects associated with VCE. However, we expect improvement to our operating margin from Vblock operating sales to effectively offset most of these increase in other expense during 2011. We are focused on developing the broader IT ecosystem to support hybrid cloud implementations. The alternative to our broad-based strategy is the single-vendor approach, wherein customers are dependent upon one company for applications, infrastructure and services. Our open approach offers choice, as it engages an array of partners allowing customers to take advantage of developments and innovations, springing up across the broad ecosystem. While this strategy requires coordination of efforts across several players, we are committed, as we fairly believe it offers the best long-term value proposition to our customers. Looking more closely at our financials. It is evident that the strategic combination of our technology assets, which we've been building over the last several years, has resulted in clear value for our customers and for our shareholders as well.  Total revenue grew 18% to $4.6 billion in Q1. Revenue from the U.S. was up double digits, while our strategy to invest in geographies outside the U.S. is paying off, as the rapid growth of these markets helped drive our overall results. Our BRIC + 13 markets grew over 40%, and EMEA and APJ [Asia Pacific/Japan] were up 21% and 43%, respectively. This helps drive our non-U.S. mix to record 49% of revenue.  We improved non-GAAP gross margin by 160 basis points over last year's first quarter. This improvement was driven in part by our ability to offer differentiated features that enable customers to maximize the value of their information infrastructures. We continued to show leverage and our non-GAAP operating margin grew 220 basis points year-on-year to 21.7%. Results of these improvements was non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.31, up 19% from $0.26 a year ago. We recognized there's a lot of interest in Japan and how it might impact our supply chain. While the longer-term impacts of these tragic events are still unknown, we have very solid relationships with our suppliers and believe we've been able to develop a clearer picture of our near-term risks. After carefully assessing hundreds of our suppliers and their supplies that may have been impacted, we have determined that only a handful currently have some supply risk exposure. We've taken risk mitigation steps and continue to monitor the situation. At this time, we do not see any meaningful impact in Q2 and continue to work with our suppliers to secure the components we need for the second half. We ended the quarter with $9.5 billion in cash and investments. We returned nearly $900 million in cash to shareholders in Q1, with the repurchase of more than 33 million EMC shares. Augmenting VMware's $148 million share repurchase in Q1, we also invested $38 million purchasing VMware shares in the quarter to keep our stake at around 80%. To reiterate the rationale for these purchases, we strongly believe in VMware's potential, given its strategic position as the cloud data center operating system of the future. As a result, we believe our relatively small purchase to maintain our ownership level on excellent long-term investment. In closing, we're encouraged by our strong Q1 results and the opportunities as we look ahead for the rest of the year. Given the trends in the market, our strategic position and our focus to execution, we now have greater confidence in our ability to meet and potentially exceed our 2011 goals of $19.6 billion of revenue, non-GAAP EPS of $1.46 and free cash flow of $4 billion.  Note that the non-GAAP EPS goal we gave you in January contemplated a share count of 2.23 billion. We since increased our projected share count to 2.26 billion shares, which impacts our full-year non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.02. This is a direct result of the increase in our share price in Q1, driving a higher average share price assumption for the full year. Offsetting this, we now expect that operating margin for the full year to be between 23% and 24% due to better operating margins in our Storage business and improved margins from VMware. In summary, we executed well against our strategy in Q1, and we believe the outlook for the rest of 2011 and beyond is bright. The major trends in cloud and Big Data are large and growing, our strategy is in place and we will continue to execute very well. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe, who will give you more color on the outlook, the quarter and the vast opportunities that lie ahead. Joe?
Joseph Tucci: Thanks, David. I would like to begin by welcoming everyone to today's Q1 earnings call. Thank you for your interest in EMC. Overall, I am pleased with our Q1 results and I'm even more pleased with the way our strategy and products are resonating with our customers. Clearly, customers are extremely interested in the massive benefits which private and public cloud computing can bring. And they see how our products, services and solutions can help them accelerate their journey to the cloud, while helping them meet the vast demands their business is placing on IT today. Also, it is extremely clear that good financial results and winning strategies, products and services do not happen at any company or organization without talented, hard-working, dedicated people. And EMC and VMware are truly blessed with more than 50,000 people who exhibit these winning traits, as they focus day in and day out on the success of their customers. I would like to thank each and every one of them for their first class execution. Let me now comment on IT spending and our expectations for the remainder of 2011. On balance, we still expect to see IT spending up this year in the 5% to 7% range, most probably in the higher end of that range. And we still firmly believe that the core areas where EMC and VMware have leading technology, namely in virtualization, the cloud OS [operating system] and information storage, information protection, information security and then, information management intelligence, are technology areas which will grow substantially faster than the 5% to 7% IT average. However, while we are pretty confident that IT spending will be solid, I would like to note that there are some potential event risks, such as the impacts of the disasters in Japan, global public-sector deficits and rising commodity prices, especially oil that can cause a sense of uncertainty. We will continue to monitor these three resources of potential risks. And to be clear, we are still confident that we can meet and potentially beat our 2011 plan of $19.6 billion in revenue and $1.46 of non-GAAP EPS.  The source of this confidence is based on our strong belief that our cloud computing and Big Data strategies are well-placed, and are underpinned with winning products and fully committed and funded product roadmaps. On the VMware side, vSphere, vShield, the vCloud Director, vCenter, the vFabric, Cloud Foundry and the claim are critical market-leading core elements for private, public and hybrid cloud computing, and cloud computing engenders information on a massive scale. We call this phenomena Big Data. Our VMAX, Isilon and Atmos product families, along with our virtual storage offering VPLEX, addresses Big Data storage opportunity head-on.  These products continue to be extremely well-received by our customers on both the private and public side. And our Greenplum and IIG suite of products help customers get big value from their Big Data assets. Next is massive scale of information needs to be protected. In other words, information needs to be highly available and eventually archived at reasonable cost points, in concert with business process objectives. Here our Data Domain, Avamar and network technologies, featuring industry-leading performance, data compression and data de-duplication hit the mark head on.  Additionally, strong, effective and pervasive information security is quick becoming a top four mandate for all IT data center environments, especially for cloud computing environments. Here is where we see our safety on newer products were identity protection and verification for data loss prevention; for security and event management; for governance, risk and compliance; and now, with our acquisition of NetWitness, for network forensic, play a critical role. In short, we are the most complete suite of security technology products that meet the vigorous demands of massive scale clouds. And finally, with demanding mid-tier environments and SMB implementations, our VNX and VNXe storage lines are generating a very strong reception from our customers. All in all, we have an extremely well-placed and focused technology lineup, backed by our world-class services organization and our service provider partners to help accelerate our customers' journey to the hybrid cloud. And the best news of all, we have more innovation coming. Stay tuned to EMC World, which starts on May 9th, where we will launch many more exciting new products that will help extend our leading cloud technology stack. Thank you for joining us today. I will now turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. [Operator Instructions]. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Sherri, can we open up the lines for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer [Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.].
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Thanks, and a couple of questions. David, first, with regards to your comments on the mid-tier, good results there, but could you give us a little bit more color on CLARiiON and Celerra, do you expect those products, just given your order momentum that you're seeing at VNX to have a significant sequential declines over the next couple of quarters? And so how do we think about the transition moving forward? And also, with regards to your annual guide commentary, you mentioned that you feel much more comfortable in your ability to achieve it, then why isn't that feeling good enough to actually raise the number?
David Goulden: Okay. Let me start, and I'm sure Joe have a couple of comments as well. So relative to the VNX, we're very excited about the way that is progressing. As I've mentioned, we even start shipping the products until the last week in February, so we really had a very short selling quarter for VNX. We announced it, of course, in the middle part of January, so we knew we created a little bit of a pause in the market until it became available, and that's what happened. Essentially, the VNX replaces both cloud and Celerra. And as I mentioned, in the last two weeks of the quarter, we sold more than 50% of the orders from those 3 products moving towards VNX. So we do expect the growth of VNX to accelerate. We expect it to quite quickly, certainly in the second quarter, it will be well over 50% of the what we call our traditional mid-tier, but we expect the combination of those 3 products to grow quite nicely. And with others we expect to bounce back in total growth in the mid-tier in the second quarter, because we'll have a full quarter where we will be shipping and selling VNX. That's the flavor on the mid-tier. Relative to the year, obviously, we're off to a great start, the numbers I think speak for themselves. We did 18% revenue growth. We did the 19% non-GAAP EPS growth. And of course, that combines with our annual guidance of 15% and 16%, respectively. So we obviously started off out the gates, ahead of the pace. And that's why I said, we are more confident now. We can meet and of course potentially beat our guidance, and we just want to see a little bit more the year develop before we change our numbers explicitly.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks. I just have a question on Big Data market. Given that Isilon performed better than you expected, just remind us, do you still expect Atmos, plus Isilon to get to a $1 billion-plus run rate on the back half of the year? And secondly, I think there's some news about Apple ordering 12 petabytes of Isilon storage in 2 quarter, the previous volume [indiscernible] what's the feedback been from the enterprise side, where you've introduced Isilon products?
Joseph Tucci: We absolutely expect that Isilon will be at $1 billion run rate in the second half of next year, not this year. So obviously, a lot of success. I don't want to comment on any specific wins without any customer agreements. So I'm not going to make any comment on any specific wins, other than what we already made with Isilon, but just that it's been well-received. Our pipeline is strong and I am more confident than I was when we bought it that we will hit that $1 billion run rate either in Q3 or Q4 in next year, probably in Q3.
David Goulden: And just to clarify, that run rate is for Isilon plus Atmos combined.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: And our next question comes from Aaron Rakers of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thanks, guys. And congratulations on the quarter. Question on VMAX, obviously quite strong, I think you referenced the new FAST technology. Can you talk about your adoption rate of SSDs [Solid State Drive]? What kind of contribution SSDs represent as a percentage of capacity or drive shift in the typical Symmetrix platform? And just a point of clarification, when you say SSDs, is that just fiber channel interface SSDs or is it a VMAX-supporting SATA interface SSDs? Thank you.
Joseph Tucci: We will support both right now, it's just the fiber channel for Q1, okay? Around 50% of the systems went out with Flash technology. So we're very pleased with the progression, and that's going to grow over time. I foresee the day when virtually every single system that we ship, from the bigger end VNXs to the bigger end -- to all VMAXs will have Flash technology in them.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Aaron.
Operator: Our next question comes Deepak Sitaraman from Crédit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks very much. Joe or David, on the midrange, is there a concern that the ramp of VNX could actually reduce the growth rates for VMAX, given that VMAX has moved slightly down market? Also, can you talk a little bit about how we should think about the pricing disparity between VNX and the older midrange products? And lastly, as we exit the year, what portion of the midrange do you think will be VNX? Thanks very much.
Joseph Tucci: Well, we've really changed -- as David said, one of the real successes that we had in the quarter was the adoption of FAST VP, which is on both systems. And of course, when you start tiering like that, you remove the need for customer to buy separate, in a way, high-end, mid-tier and low-end systems because you can get all those benefits in one architecture. And of course, if you have a, say a Symmetrix, a big farm of Symmetrix or VMAXs, probably the least expensive alternative for you is to put – they’ve got a lot of horsepower and there's to put more drives with better big SATA drives and use the FAST technology to move data very quickly, very efficiently to that lower tier. So in a way, that's helping blur the line, so for sure, VMAX is now taking some loads that were in formerly mid-tier. As far as the VNX line is concerned, as the performance and capabilities of that system, I mean, it is -- we're seeing in real customer instances, 3x the performance as that technology gets more and more used, and FAST VP works there, we expect that. So basically, do the lines overlap a bit? Yes, they do, and that's intentional. Because when you leave gaps, that's where competitors drive. So we believe we're going to see a significant acceleration of VNX sales and VNXe sales, obviously, and we're very pleased with our position on both.
David Goulden: And Deepak, just to clarify on the mix question. Again, as we you look into VNX and CLARiiON and Celerra combined, as I mentioned, the second quarter, we expect that VNX to be over 50% of that mix and a growing percentage thereafter. So obviously, the significant majority by the time we get to the year end. And from a price performance point of view, as Joe mentioned, we have positioned VNX to be much more competitive from a price performance perspective. And also, as I've mentioned, we've made it easier for customers to buy, evaluate software and some of the value-added components. So we're even more competitive on the baseline pricing, we have many more sell-up opportunities with VNX than we did with the prior generation of products.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Deepak.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Reitzes of Barclays.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Yes, thanks a lot. Could you comment on VCE? How things are going? And how things are recognized in terms of revenue throughout the P&L? I'm a little confused with the -- it sounds like there's an extra $75 million in costs below the line that you weren't forecasting, about a $0.03 hit, but it sounds like you'll make it up through the revenue and profits you get to the P&L. So first, just talk about that dynamic and then also talk about just how it's going in general. I appreciate it, thanks a lot.
Joseph Tucci: We'll take it in your order. Why don't I let David start, and I'll talk about more about how it's going.
David Goulden: Yes, Ben. So let me talk about the P&L mechanics and dynamics. So first of all, and Joe will give you a little bit more color on how it's going. We are accelerating investment because the market opportunity is great. As I mentioned, we're up to close 1,000 people which is certainly ahead of our plan at this point in time by a few hundred. So there's 2 things that are impacting that $70 million increase in guidance we gave you in the other expense line. The first is the fact that we are accelerating our expenses a little bit more than we expected. And the second piece, is that because of how we're selling Vblocks and where we're selling Vblocks. More of the Vblock sales are being recorded directly up on the parent P&L. So differently, not much as the revenues is flowing through VCE as we expected. What's happening is that the margin that would have been captured by VCE, is now being captured directly by us in our operating margin. Over time, we do expect that to cap balance out a little bit, but for this year we expect that to be the case. What's happening is, you got a little bit of accelerated investment and you've also got margin that would've been flowing through VCE now flowing up through the parents. And that's why I said, we expect to cover both of those through the operating results of Vblocks as they flow through the parents over the course of the year. Obviously, there'll be a slight timing issue. We're going be accelerating our investments sooner when we're picking up all the revenue on the other side. But that's why we say net-net, it will be pretty neutral when you look at the full year guidance.
Joseph Tucci: And obviously, we would not have increased the investment. And we are investing a little bit ahead, as David said. So you saw some of that kind of drag, if you will to EPS in Q1, and you'll see it as we progress through the year. But obviously, as revenues continue to ramp, we think, we wouldn't have done it if we didn't think it's a great investment. And we wouldn't invest there, if we didn't think the market wasn't hot. So as far as how do we see the future VCE, we see it very bright.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaushik Roy of Wedbush.
Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Thank you. So you're doing everything right, growing nicely, your gross margin, the operating margins are expanding. But it seems like the headwind is the share count. So the question is, can you accelerate the buyback? And then the other question, I would say is, any thoughts on dividends? Thank you.
David Goulden: Okay. Let me talk about the share counts and how we're going on with buyback. So you're right, it started off the year, our guidance on share counts has gone from $2.23 billion to $2.26 billion, and that's directly a function of share price. If you remember from what we talked about last time, the increase in share price basically drives three things, that's account for the extra 30 million shares in our forecast. The first is, it impacts the dilution from the convertible. Remember roughly half of that is kind of what we call accounting dilution, it goes away when the convertible matures. About half of that is economic dilution, as agreed we have to pay those shares out. Then the second is, the smallest of the three, is with a higher share price we expect some increase in acceleration of option timing. Last but not least, the high share price impacts the number of shares we can buy with the buyback we have for the year. As you know, we're committed to spending $1.5 billion on buying back EMC shares this year. We spent a little less than $900 million in the first quarter, so we actually did move pretty quickly getting out the blocks after the earnings call just to start buying back. And when we look at the timing, the opportunity, but we're still on track do the $1.5 billion. But bear in mind, again, on the share count, a big piece of the impact goes away. And if you kind of look at our Q1 average, we have about 80 million shares in our share count, which are from the accounting impact of the convertible. So when that convertible matures, disappear completely, so you've got a little bit of artificial inflation in the share count as well as real inflation. Joe on dividends?
Joseph Tucci: Our board continues to look at book and examine all uses of cash that generate shareholder value. And we'll continue to look at dividends. Right now, we think we're in a really sweet spot and have terrific ability to execute on our cloud strategy and Big Data strategy and invest in the future. So primarily, the two courses we're following now is buybacks and smart acquisitions. And we see a lot of opportunity on that smart acquisition side that are going to, I think, pay off really big for us in the future. So that's probably our bias right now. But there is nothing in our DNA against a dividend at all and at some point in time. I'm sure that will happen. But right now, I gave you our primary focus.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Kaushik.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Marshall of Gleacher & Company.
Brian Marshall - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Great, thanks. With respect to the advent of cloud computing and incremental services being offered, almost on a daily basis, and as that business continues to grow in the future, do you anticipate any changes and sort of buying power of the end customer, i.e., who's consuming the mainly enterprise storage? And if so, how will that impact kind of financial model over time from a pricing pressure perspective, et cetera? Thanks.
Joseph Tucci: We think the answer to that is going to be what we're doing with FAST. And it kind of blurred out -- blur those lines of in a way of what's enterprise storage, what's Tier 2 storage, which as these systems work better together and get more homogenized, more networked, we think we have a really good future. And it's not a “one size fits all.” I mean, we have our Big Data assets, we have assets aimed more to mid-tier and assets aimed more to SMB. Over time, we think the Big Data side is going to be where a tremendous amount of the cloud action goes, but there's opportunities throughout the whole storage line, which is why we have such a broad line.
David Goulden: Brian, bear in mind that whilst we talk about cloud computing as a broad and very important term, it applies just as much to our enterprise customers as it does to service providers. So our primary focus is helping our enterprise move to their private clouds, which is basically turning that traditional data centers into more cloud-like environments. Working with service providers so they could stand up for enterprise-compatible clouds. And then the end goal here, is what we call the hybrid cloud, where those 2 environments were working seamlessly together. And enterprises can use service providers more key applications, flex demand capacity, archiving, et cetera, in a much more flexible environment. So enterprise is in its model, continues to consume a lot of computing in the same they do today, just for the different technology objective.
Brian Marshall - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lou Miscioscia of Collins Stewart.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: Okay. Maybe you can give us some color on spending in the public sector? And if you can break that out, maybe by federal, state and local, education? And then maybe, throw also in there sales in Japan. I know you mentioned Japan, but we didn't know what kind of demand dynamics you're seeing out there?
Joseph Tucci: Yes. Let me do it this way, because I'm not going to break down public sector totally. But if you looked at our kind of average, you'd have markets like retail, from a vertical perspective, retail manufacturing, others. If you look at what was kind of better than average, I would point to telco, financial services, services, companies. If you look to what was lower than average, I would point from our Q1, I would point to public sector. And I already talked about one of the headwinds that I think everyone will face is -- most governments, certainly in the U.S., certainly in most parts of Europe, are faced with deficits or other issues and I do think they're going to be very -- IT is the real seat of productivity for sure. I still think IT will not be immune from public sector as they really sharpen their pencil and try to cut back a bit, so -- and again, healthcare maybe a little bit outside, I think education and healthcare unfortunately, will probably get -- will probably also fall victim to the very, very, very pointed pencil. Healthcare might get a bit more investment, but that's kind of the way I see it.
Tony Takazawa: Japan?
Joseph Tucci: Oh, Japan. Optioning Q1, our sales into Japan were okay and on plan. So you just worry about the future. It's not that we haven't been given any bad forecast or anything yet, but we just can't have help but have a worry with what's, it's a little bit of an unknown. Our supply chain people have really done a heck of a job looking at the first, second or third order effects, and we think in the main we'll be okay and have most of our -- almost everything we do virtually is multisource. So we feel okay. But you still have some eggs, it's a big supplier for the IT community, so you just still have some eggs as to anything if we miss our fourth or fifth order effect that could come down a line and bite you a little bit. We don't think so, but it just causes a little bit of kind of uncertainty and a little bit more focus, that's what I was pointing to.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Lou.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi from Sanford and Bernstein (sic) [Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.].
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Yes, thank you. David, I have a question on operating margins. You commented on the very strong year-over-year margin improvement in the first quarter's 220 basis points on an operating margin basis. If we look at your full year guidance, it kind of implies year-over-year operating margin improvement for the remaining three quarters, that's about half that level, the midpoint in your guidance. I'm wondering if you could comment whether that's just kind of prudent conservatism, given some of the caveats you and Joe have mentioned? Or whether some mix dynamics, particularly with the new product offerings and VMAX that we need to be aware of as we model through the remainder of the year?
David Goulden: Tony, there aren't any adverse headwinds from a mix or margin point of view. And if any thing, as I mentioned with VNX replacing CLARiiON and the Celerra, we’re actually a bit more positive about the margin potential in the midrange. So we feel good about the mix. Obviously, what we've done is that we've basically given you a set of numbers that gets you back to our same guidance, midpoint is last time, so the $19.6 billion and the $1.46. And obviously, we have implied in that, that there's going to be some improvement in operating margin for the full year. And as I said, we're incrementally more confidant about being able to beat we were before and there are multiple aspects to how we can potentially beat that number and volume is clearly one, and additional profitability in the model is clear second.
Joseph Tucci: And we are focusing, Tony, on what we think are prudent investments which are going to help us over a midterm and long-term grow faster. We're making a major investment with our programs for our channels. We're broadening out our channels significantly. And we're really pleased with our momentum in channels. And we had a record number of, as we pointed out, a record number of channel partners signed up. And they're very excited about some of our new offerings, our new programs. We're investing in VCE. And we're going to continue to acquire smartly. And follow our string of pearls approach.
Operator: Our last question comes from Daniel Ives of FBR.
Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Oh, yes. Just a last question, in terms of deal sizes. Was there any sort of change for a March quarter in terms of deals getting bigger? Anything that you're seeing either in the channel or on the south front that may be surprise you on deal sizes?
David Goulden: Daniel, I mean, I think it's difficult to generalize across those businesses with so many different aspects. Obviously, on the VMWare side, as we mentioned or they mentioned on the call last night, we saw some good sized deals on the VMware side. By definition, because the Symmetrix were so strong this quarter on the back of FAST VP we saw some larger deals. Nothing particularly unusual for a Q1. Good news is, that out of the gates, some of the VNX sales were making a little larger than the prior generation systems, but nothing particularly in terms of overall deal size. I think obviously, it was such a strong quarter, we did seal a number of large deals in the quarter, which is good, after clearly what was a good Q4. So that's nice to see the level of spending continue, nothing particularly remarkable in terms of overall transaction size.
Joseph Tucci: So let me close, and thank you for joining us. In summary, we truly do believe our hybrid and Big Data strategies are right on the mark. Our vast stable of products is being extremely well received by our customers. Our customers believe they're hitting the mark of their IT needs today, and they believe they'll help them on their journey to the cloud. Our service organization, our branch of first class partners is also helping customers meet their needs today and on their cloud journey. And most importantly, the 50,000 talented people in EMC VMware believe in our vision, believe in our future and they are just plain charged up. Again, I invite you to join us at VM World either in person -- EMC World, VM World is later. EMC World in Vegas on May 9, and if you can make it in person, and if not, we're going to -- almost everything we do there will be also presented virtually. So hopefully, you can join us one way or the other. And we have some exciting announcements. So good seeing you, and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Goulden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Mergers & Acquisitions Committee and Member of Finance Committee Tony Takazawa - VP
Analysts: Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC Maynard Um - UBS Investment Bank Richard Gardner - Citigroup Inc Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Shebly Seyrafi - Capstone Investments Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Securities Inc. Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley Rajesh Ghai - ThinkEquity LLC Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Welcome, everyone, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to our first speaker, Mr. Tony Takazawa. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2010. Today, we are joined by EMC Chairman and CEO, Joe Tucci; and David Goulden, EMC's Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter and discuss our outlook for 2011. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC's execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned to help customers on a journey to the cloud. After their prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. We would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation, unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of emc.com.  As always, we have provided financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These include a lot of financial detail, so we do encourage you to take a look at them. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  And lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that EMC had another great quarter to finish off a year of excellent operational and financial results. Q4 revenue, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP EPS, and free cash flow are all new quarterly records for EMC. We also achieved a record-breaking year in 2010, with revenue of $17 billion, an increase of 21%. Non-GAAP operating margin for the full year of 22%, up 460 basis points; non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.26, up 40% from 2009; and free cash flow of $3.4 billion, up 31% and 27% higher than non-GAAP net income. 2010 revenue, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP EPS, and free cash flow are also new annual records for EMC as well. Clearly, our vision and strategy are on target. The market is primed and ready, and we have the right assets to help our customers on their journey to the cloud. As a result, in 2010, we executed on our triple play to simultaneously invest meaningfully in our business, take market share and improve profitability. First, looking at the investments we made in our business. We stepped up investing in research and development by 16% to approximately $2 billion, including software development costs that were capitalized. We invested $3.2 billion on key acquisitions, targeted at high growth areas and invested substantially in our go-to-market capabilities, including our international sales infrastructure and expanding our channel network. Secondly, the market share gains we achieved were impressive, with faster market growth in areas like virtualization, security and storage, with especially strong share gains in back-up and archiving and in the high-end. For the full year 2010, we grew 21%, almost twice what we estimate was the growth for our total available market. Finally, even while investing in our business for growth and achieving sizable market share gains, we were still able to deliver a substantial leverage for our business in 2010. Products designed to deliver greater value, services driven more efficiently and faster growth in our higher-margin businesses all contributed to a 340 basis point gain in non-GAAP gross margin over last year. The improvement in non-GAAP operating margin was even greater, up 460 basis points to 22% for the full year due to the operating expense efficiencies we also achieved. Let me point out that these are also very strong gains over 2008. As we head into 2011, we're even better prepared to see the potential in front of us than we were in 2010 as we have expanded our market opportunity with the acquisitions of Greenplum and Isilon. We've extended our reach down market with the addition of a VNXe family of storage systems. And we've put an even greater distance between ourselves and our competitors across our storage portfolio with a newly refreshed and unified mid-tier storage family, new and enhanced products in our backup and archiving offering and valuable new software offerings for our flagship VMAX, to name just a few. By building out the strongest product portfolio in our history, we've positioned ourselves in the intersection of two of the most sweeping trends in IT: cloud computing and big data. This is where we expect 2011 to be another record revenue year with continued improvements in profitability. We are confident we can grow revenue 15% to $19.6 billion, expand non-GAAP operating margin by about 100 basis points to approximately 23%, grow non-GAAP net income 20% to approximately $3.25 billion, grow non-GAAP earnings per share 16% to $1.46 and continue to meaningfully grow our strong free cash flow. This is remarkable growth, particularly for a company of our size and also considering the very high bar we set ourselves in 2010. We also remain committed to double-digit revenue and earnings growth for the next several years. In addition to the continued growth of enterprise data, our progress is being driven by the convergence of two major trends in IT, cloud computing and big data. Cloud computing can also be described as IT-As-A-Service, leveraging on on-demand, self-reliant virtualized infrastructure to deliver IT-As-A-Service, cloud computing is more efficient, flexible and cost-effective. And while customers are eager to deploy cloud architectures so they can begin capturing the efficiencies cloud computing affords, this is not a transformation that happens overnight, but happens in phases. Phase 1 is the virtualization of smaller departmental often an IT-owned applications, frequently with simple, efficient VM integrated mid-tier storage. Cost efficiencies are primary benefit here and we saw a large number of customers passing through this phase in 2010. On average, customers have virtualized about 30% of their applications, and are now entering Phase 2. Phase 2 is the virtualization of business-critical applications, ideally with more resilient infrastructure that meets demanding SOAs for performance, availability, workload mobility, recoverability and security. More and more customers are entering into this phase heading into 2011. Well over half of the company's applications will be virtualized once a customer has completely passed through this phase of the journey to the cloud. Phase 3 is when a customer is finally leveraging all the power of a fully virtualized environment to provide IT-As-A-Service with automation, provisioning and charge back, and drawing on compatible public cloud services where it makes sense. The early adopters are always just dying to get here. And as a customer's cloud infrastructure develops, they look to building technologies that will secure and protect their operations whilst achieving benefits and agility than ever before. This means best-of-breed and well-integrated capabilities for things like security and backup. Such transitions to the cloud are becoming the norm, and the vast majority of customers are at some point in their transformation to IT-As-A-Service. What is important is that whether customers are just entering the first phase or well into the third, we have the product portfolio and the service expertise to accompany them every step of the way. The second major trend that will drive our results in 2011 is big data, which is a primary contributor to the staggering pace of data growth. When we talk about big data, we are referring to the enormous repositories of corporate and external data, including unstructured information created by social media and other web repositories. We're also talking about the associated analytics that unlock the value contained within these massive amounts of data. Big data differs from the transactional and small file data and applications that have traditionally characterized the company's data center. It tends to be more sequential, less transactional and much, much bigger, measured in petabytes rather than terabytes. The tools and platforms surrounding big data require new approaches and capabilities to handle these data sets. With the investments we've made through the acquisitions of Isilon and Greenplum, as well as in our own Atmos offering, we are now squarely positioned to capture much of this large and growing incremental market opportunity. Overall, given our strong basic technology assets base both broad and deep with virtualization optimization that is second to none, we are becoming the partner of choice as customers consolidate and build out new data centers, either for their own private clouds or to offer cloud services to their customers. Now that I've given you a sense of what's driving our success in 2010 and going forward, let's look at our Q4 numbers in greater detail. Overall, storage revenue growth accelerates to 17% as we continue to gain share by enlarging our footprint in the data center, as well as through new customer acquisition. Customers choose EMC storage because they want efficiency, simplicity and performance, and EMC delivers. We deliver efficiency through features like FAST VP software, which stands for Fully Automated Storage Tiering with virtual pools, and which automatically optimizes systems and vastly lowers TCO. We deliver simplicity exemplified by our advanced yet easy-to-use Unisphere interface in our mid-tier storage. We deliver performance with unparalleled VM integration of virtual provisioning across our portfolio and as this recent survey indicates, we continue to standout as the storage vendor of choice in virtualized environments. These differentiators, along with product quality, service and support that are consistently the best in the industry, helps us extend our storage market leadership position in Q4. Our Symmetrix product revenues grew 19% in Q4, there are a couple of key differentiating features here that make our VMAX line so popular. The first of these is its x86 -based scale-out architecture purpose built for virtual environments. This evolution of an architecture to incorporate industry-standard processes enables us to very quickly leverage the improvements made to processes to deliver faster, more reliable and more efficient performance. The second feature that sets it apart from alternatives is our ability to fully leverage Solid State Drive in enterprise storage. We were the first to deliver the value to be had from Solid State Drive and enterprise storage three years ago this month, and we continued to add value with our Fully Automated Storage Tiering software. The latest version of which automatically optimizes systems and delivers up to 40% more application performance and 40% lower cost compared to single tiered systems. EMC alone is able to deliver this value with Solid State Drives and customers are embracing this value with penetration rates of Solid State Drives and FAST on VMAX climbing once again in Q4. When you add these two features together, the end result is a powerful, trusted and highly efficient high-end platform with a value proposition that customers love.  This demonstrated ability to innovate in ways that respond to customer needs is translating into market share. In fact, we think that when all the numbers are in for the year, we will have registered our biggest annual share gains in the high end in at least 10 years, which is a testament to the power of our offerings here. As customers consolidate district data centers into new environments meant to support cloud deployments either public or private, they choose VMAX because of its highly scalable, usable protecting capacity and a small footprint made possible by cutting edge efficiency technologies. We had numerous examples across the globe in Q4 of customers selecting VMAX for their virtualized environments because of these advantages. With sizeable wins in all verticals of all types, including at a healthcare authority in British Columbia, telecom providers in India and Israel, an energy company in the U.K., a government in the Middle East and a large manufacturer right here in Massachusetts. Let me give you an example from this past quarter that illustrates why VMAX is the high-end platform of choice. One of the largest plastic manufacturers in the world recently consolidated to three main data centers globally and was looking to replace the entire storage infrastructure in Europe. Because they had to use VMware for server and desktop virtualization, VM integration was a chief consideration for the storage they selected.  Our ability to provide highly reliable and scalable storage solution, highly integrated with vCenter was key to displacing Hitachi here. Moreover, our robust backup offerings and our integration with VMware's virtual disk development API enabled us to become this customer's global backup standard as well. They're now using Avamar, Networker and Data Domain to meet their backup requirements which, like many customers, vary throughout the global environments. Mid-tier product revenue grew 23% in Q4 and was up 20% from Q3, representing a healthy acceleration from the sequential growth of 5% last quarter. This was especially encouraging as our product refresh coming in Q1 was hardly a secret. While we continue to have customers approach the EMC for traditional network storage requirements, we also saw strong growth from customers working through early phase or departmental deployments of virtualization. Our long list of mid-tier competitive takeouts in virtualized environments in Q4 attest this is happening across the globe in just about every vertical, with customers range from health care, tech and Internet to manufacturing, government and transportation.  As customers virtualize their data centers and standardize their consolidated environments on to a small number of trusted vendors, EMC stands out as the best-of-breed and best VM-integrated information infrastructure provider. This is winning us new customers, who need a vendor who can do more than just Phase 1 storage. EMC consistently stands out as the best candidate for consolidations like this in the mid-tier because of our affinity with virtualized environments, because of the simplicity of our unified systems and because our market leading backup solutions that span customer's backup requirements.  A great example in Q4 of a win due to these advantages came as Momentive Performance Materials. This large silicon producer standardized upon VMware and View across the enterprise and was looking to standardize infrastructure for their remote data centers as well. With our simple, efficient and VMware-integrated mid-tier unified products, as well as Avamar in our arsenal, we were selected as their storage standard globally.  We expect cases like this to become much more prevalent in 2011, with our refreshed and expanded mid-tier product set. Having earned the trust of thousands of mid-tier customers with platinum storage products and services in their main production and disaster recovery environments, we are focused on expanding our footprint into departmental and remote offices. Our VNXe line will be very important here, as well as in reaching down market into the SMB space. Our Backup Recovery Systems division, which includes Data Domain, Avamar and Networker continue to fire on all cylinders. Our resounding success here stems from our differentiated deduplication technology and also from the EMC effect, which is our ability to deleverage our brand, our focus on research and development, and our global sales infrastructure to maximize the ROI from our acquisitions. The aforementioned customer examples are great illustration of this affect. Our market-leading dedup technology sought after by customers frustrated by antiquated backup approaches. This challenge is now so common to our backup offerings have become a natural additional solution in accounts where the initial engagement was something entirely different. This same approach is being applied to our acquisitions of Isilon and Greenplum. Our model is to select differentiated technology that adds clear value to customers in rapidly growing adjacent markets that are complementary to our own and then broaden its reach to exposure to our global sales channels, the backing of the EMC brand and other investments to maximize value. This strategy augments our portfolio to meet the challenges of big data and helps to solidify our position as the cloud technology provider of choice. Early indicators of the success of this strategy are all good. Greenplum did very well in Q4, and we're especially pleased with the fast ramp of the Data Computing Appliance. Built on Greenplum technology, the Data Computing Appliance combined leading innovation in workload management, fault tolerance, and advanced analytics with the fastest data loading on the market today, which is important given the vast amount of source data needed to run analytics. Customers value all this plus the fact they can get the DCA up and running very quickly. Isilon's momentum continued with record revenue in Q4 on stand-alone basis, well above the company's expectations prior to the acquisition. In its six generation, Isilon scale-out technology has matured and is mainstream, enterprise ready, and meeting the big data challenges that characterize today's IT environments in a growing number of vertical markets. This is a great momentum even before the benefit of the EMC effect. On a going forward basis, Isilon will be included in our mid-tier storage number, but it was not included in our Q4 revenue as we closed this transaction very late in the quarter. Complementary to Isilon is our Atmos offering, which uniquely focuses on globally distributed environments with object interfaces to data. We remain confident that the two together will reach a $1 billion annual run rate during the second half of 2012. Our services organization is definitely benefiting from the transition to cloud architectures as cloud-related consulting engagements increased over 40% in Q4. As customers build out private cloud infrastructures and even begin to bridge towards utilizing the capabilities public clouds have to offer, EMC's trusted advisors have pooled in, helped customers architect the foundation for delivering IT-As-A-Service, a trend which even further increases EMC's relevance in next-generation data centers. One of the fastest and easiest ways to accelerate the transition to cloud architecture is with the Vblock, and the strong VCE momentum we experienced in Q3 has only accelerated in Q4 with the number of deals closed more than doubling quarter-on-quarter. As expected, deployments span a lot of these cases and verticals and are happening globally as a converged infrastructure is universally appealing. Vblocks enable customers to get cloud infrastructures up and running on best-of-breed technology in a fraction of the time required by traditional deployments of competitive technology stacks. Referenced architectures or technology alliances that put fort to compete with Vblock are still do-it-yourself assemblies, and lack the very advantage that make Vblocks popular, one SKU, pre-configured with a single manager interface and ready to deploy. A Vblock is best-of-breed technology that dramatically simplifies cloud deployments and customers are embracing it. Vblock customers in Q4 include service providers like Sonda Brazil, our first official VCE partner in Brazil, who'll be offering new cloud computing services to its customer based upon Vblocks. And Harris Corporation, which is investing in its cyber integration center to offer trusted enterprise cloud solutions to its customers.  Corporations build out private cloud architectures are standardized on Vblocks as well. With Vblocks, customers can efficiently deploy highly secured cloud-based applications for business innovation, whilst reducing the capital and operating expenses associated with procuring, deploying and maintaining IT. The benefits to EMC of VCE are important. The majority of VCE deals are incremental to EMC, in addition to our traditional best-of-breed storage solutions, we now complete with the integrated plays with our best-of-breed converged infrastructure. Now we're positioned to win both ways. Our RSA Security division finished 2010 with all-time record Q4 revenues of $209 million, up 28% year-on-year, driven by strength across product lines and geographies. RSA achieved excellent growth in 2010 with revenue growth accelerating every quarter this year. This strength stems from the fact that security continues to be foremost priority for CIOs and also from RSA's thought leadership and product leadership within security. Part of our competitive advantage is that many of our offerings span both physical and virtual infrastructures, which is ideal as customers build out their clouds. As cloud environments grow in popularity, the built-in security RSA provides is increasingly relevant. RSA will continue to stand apart with offerings to enable IT departments and cloud provider alike not only to ensure compliance and security but to prove it as well. Revenue from our Information Intelligence Group was roughly flat in Q4, as customers transitioned from purchasing enterprise-wide content management solutions to application-centric solutions with Documentum xCP. We believe we have a lot of the right assets to address the enormous opportunity to be had in the capture, management and governance of unstructured data. Information governance is increasingly a focus for corporations today while industries like insurance and healthcare are demanding case management solutions like those built on our xCP platform. VMware grew 38% in the quarter to a record $835 million as customers are eager to benefit from the efficiency and agility that VMware's product set enables. VMWare is making good progress in expanding its market globally. We're expanding footprint within the data centers as well. Approximately 30% of a data center server applications on average, are virtualized today. We expect this figure to climb over 50% within the next two years. VMWare will continue to leverage its unique basic technology assets to expand the technical and market leadership position we hold today. We have freelance strategy focused for modernizing infrastructure, applications and end user computing, VMware is positioned at the core of the movement to IT-As-A-Service. Looking more closely at our financials. It is evident that the strategic combination of our technology assets, which we've been assembling over last several years is resulting in clear value for our customers and for our shareholders as well. Overall, we grew revenue in Q4 19% to $4.9 billion reflecting solid double-digit growth from all of our geographies and especially our BRIC + 13 markets, which grew over 30%. The higher value we're delivering to customers is translating to better profitability for us. Non-GAAP gross margins increased 140 basis points sequentially and 230 basis points year-on-year to an impressive 61.9%, driven by volume and mix shift towards higher margin products. This expansion, coupled with ongoing efficiency gains in our operating expenses drove non-GAAP operating margin of 300 basis points year-on-year to very solid 25.4%. These improvements drove non-GAAP earnings per share to $0.42, up 27% from $0.33 a year ago. We ended the year with $9.5 billion in cash and investments. Partly driving this cash balance was a 31% growth of free cash flow in 2010 from last year to a full year free cash flow of $3.4 billion. This is well above non-GAAP net income for the period and a very good results.  We've also been investing some of this cash in our future, including $2.3 billion on acquisitions in Q4 with a 2010 total of $3.2 billion. This investment in key technologies, products and businesses, adds to our portfolio and drives growth. In the consolidating IT market, the strength of our balance sheet to make these investments is very important. We've also been returning cash to our shareholders via share purchases. In Q4, we repurchased 8.9 million shares of EMC for approximately $200 million. In 2010, we returned $1 billion to shareholders via our repurchase program. In addition, in 2010, we spent a small amount of $399 million to purchase VMware shares while VMware spent $339 million themselves on share repurchases. Given VMware's position as the cloud data center operating system of the future, we believe our relatively small approach just to maintain our ownership level are an excellent long-term investments. Turning now to 2011. The global economic outlook, while it could be better, is certainly a bit brighter than it was last year at this time. Joe will give you some more color about what we expect. What is clear is that the vast opportunity available to us at the crossroads of the mega trends of cloud computing and big data.  EMC is particularly well-positioned to take advantage of this opportunity with a refreshed product portfolio that meets customers needs for efficiency and simplicity. A services organization that's one of the most trusted in the industry, one of the most advanced and capable go to market organizations in the industry, a strong and growing partner ecosystem and our expanding role as a trusted cloud technology provider across the globe. We had never been better positioned. This alignment of IT trends with our capabilities gives us a high level of confidence and strong momentum as we look ahead. As a result, in 2011, we expect to grow revenue 15% to $19.6 billion to expand non-GAAP operating margin around 100 basis points to approximately 23%. This is on top of the significant improvements we made in 2010. To grow non-GAAP net income, 20% to approximately $3.25 billion; to grow non-GAAP EPS 16% to $1.46; and to increase our buyback of EMC shares for $1 billion in 2010 to $1.5 billion in 2011. There are additional assumptions and expectations in our earnings release. But I’d like to take a moment and point on a couple here. First, I’d like to point out an accounting requirement that has an increasingly meaningful impact on our fully diluted share count and therefore on our EPS calculation. The impact comes from the accounting for our outstanding convertible debt. As the EMC stock price goes above the $16.08 excise price of the convertible, accounting rules results in an increase in our calculated fully diluted shares. In other words, the stock price going up is leading to the accounting calculation for the number of fully diluted shares to also go up. You will probably want to be mindful of this impact as it can be quite large, whilst the debt is outstanding. For example, assuming an average stock price of $25, this would result in approximately 75 million shares added to the fully diluted share counts. Based upon our non-GAAP net income expectations for 2011, this would equal $0.05 per share. This $0.05 is pretty meaningful compared to the 2010 impact of only $0.02 per share. Taking this example a step further, the comparison of non-GAAP EPS of $1.46 versus $1.26, which represents 16% growth in 2011 would instead be $1.51 versus $1.28 or 18% growth, i.e., higher EPS and high EPS growth. I believe this is very important for you to understand because while this accounting impact has significant impacts on diluted non-GAAP earnings per share, the impact will be going away upon maturity of the convertible debt due to the hedges we have in place. In other words if a debt had already reached maturity, these accounting shares would not be in the calculation. So it is an important factor to keep in mind, and we've included a table in our supplemental schedule that illustrates the impact of share price changes on our diluted share count due to this accounting treatment of our convertible debt. One other consideration in regard to our modeling for 2011 is the non-operating expense line. We expect to increase by roughly $25 million from $75 million in 2010 to $100 million in 2011. The primary driver of this increase is our additional investment in VCE. In conclusion, with our commitment to continue our triple play, our reinvesting for growth, gaining market share, and delivering leverage, we head into the year with a major focus on reinforcing our position as the provider of choice for cloud infrastructures. So, while we expect to continue our excellent track record in 2011, more importantly, we're also establishing EMC strategically for the long term. There is no shortage of market opportunity, and we've never been better positioned. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe, who will give you more color on the outlook, the quarter, and the vast opportunities that lie ahead.
Joseph Tucci: Thanks, David. I would like to begin by adding my welcome to everyone who has joined us for today's conference call. Thank you for your interest in EMC. Overall, I was very pleased with our performance in Q4, and I am proud to report that Q4 capped a truly strong year for EMC in 2010. A year marked by rapid growth, market share gains, financial leverage and significant investment in technology innovation. Even more important is the fact that in 2010, we positioned ourselves very well, not only for 2011 but well beyond. I would like to publicly congratulate the 49,000 people of EMC and VMware on their many accomplishments and thank them for their leadership, their laser focus on our customers and for their dedication. And on their behalf, I would like you to know that they are charged-up and excited about our future prospects. For sure, EMC and VMware are clear front leaders with compelling technology that would help our customers on their journey to private, public and hybrid cloud computing, which will enable the massive benefits that IT-As-A-Service has to offer, mainly, increased agility and significantly lower costs. Today, I will not talk much about our cloud strategies or our innovative products, services or partners, as in exactly two weeks from today, we are hosting a strategic forum for investors and analysts. Paul, Rich [ph] and I like would like to invite you to join us for this event in person in Boston or via the web. I would now like to make a few comments on the 2011 macro environment and contrast this outlook with what we saw one year ago as we began 2010. Last year at this time, we said we expected IT spending to grow 3% to 5% in 2010, and we've said EMC's TAM or total addressable market, would grow considerably faster in the 6% to 8% range. We also said on that call that EMC's plan for 2010 was to gain share and we set our goal to grow faster than our TAM. Our 2010 target was $16 billion, which represented a 14% growth. We now believe IT spending grew in the 7% to 8% range in 2010. EMC's consolidated TAM grew 10% to 12%, and EMC grew 21% or to be totally fair, a little over 19% on an apples-to-apples acquisition-adjusted basis.  For 2011, our forecast is for EMC global IT spending to increase 5% to 7% and EMC's TAM to grow in the 8% to 10% range. And as David has said, our plan is for a 15% growth to $19.6 billion, while growing non-GAAP EPS to $1.46 per share, an increase of 16%. As is our custom, the outlook we provided you today of $19.6 billion in revenue and $1.46 per share is exactly the same numbers our Board of Directors has approved for management's plan. Additionally, EMC's Board will also approve a free cash flow goal for management at our upcoming board meeting, which we will share with you in our proxy. In 2011, we will focus on growing faster than the markets we serve, thus taking share, provide financial leverage and continue our investments in innovative products and solutions, and as always, we will strive to meet and beat our plan. So what gives us confidence in our future? First is our belief in our cloud/IT-As-A-Service vision, which is tightly coupled with a very developed strategy for private, public, and hybrid cloud computing. Second is the incredibly rich, and I do mean, incredibly rich product lineup and roadmap we had going for us in 2011.  Third, the timing of that product roadmap. For starters, the fact that one week ago today, we launched a record breaking 41 new and enhanced storage products. This gives our sales force and channel partners virtually entire year to sell these high value products. And by the way, we’re far from done. There are many more exciting products, which we will launch throughout 2011. Fourth, is our preparedness to take those products to market and delight our customers via our well trained and motivated people, via our technology and service partners, via our channel and distribution partners, via our programs, and via our VCE coalition with Cisco which is now 700 people strong. Our best-of-breed convert infrastructure products and message is resonating very well with customers as VCE continues to outperform its plan by a considerable margin. Fifth, and very importantly, is our momentum and our will to win. With that, I’ll now turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call. Tony.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for questions, we ask your cooperation in limiting yourself to one question. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible from as many different people as possible. Bridget, can we open up the lines for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have our first response from Amit Daruanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a question around the March quarter. Historically, the quarter seems to be down about 9%, 10% for you guys. Do you think it shakes out any differently this time given the fact you have a lot of product refreshes that I believe will generally be available later in the quarter? And how do you think margins will shake out in the March quarter as well?
David Goulden: Well, let me comment on the seasonality of the year. We don’t give quarterly guidance, but what I'll tell you is we expect the contribution of each quarter for a revenue percentage basis to the full year to be relatively consistent with the historical averages. And if you look over the last six years and you kind of draw an average of that, we're expecting roughly similar contributions to total revenue from each quarter.
Operator: Our next question will be from Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: David, could you give us a little bit more color on the impact of Isilon on the top line and how accretive was it to your annual earnings guide?
David Goulden: We're obviously expecting Isilon to continue to grow nicely from what was a very strong 2010. I pointed out to you in my remarks that in the fourth quarter, they did better than the guidance they gave on the standalone company. So that's a good sign going into it. I'm not going to give a specific number for the overall 2011, but I'll tell you it will be nice growth from 2010. As we mentioned to you when we announced the acquisition, it’s going to be marginally accretive to non-GAAP EPS in 2011. It’s a big investment year for us in 2011. And we also said by the time we get to the back half of 2012, we get to $1 billion annualized run rate between Isilon and Atmos, at that point in time, it will be contributing at a level more commensurate with our overall operating margins.
Operator: Our next question is from Aaron Rakers of Stifel Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: My question is on free cash flow generation. I know that you guys don't give a target in your proxy, but over the last couple of years, you’ve been running 19%, 20% roughly of revenue from free cash flow or about a rate that’s about 30% higher than non-GAAP earnings. So with that as we look forward, given what you’ve talked about in guidance, is there anything that changes that trend or how should we think about free cash flow generation?
David Goulden: Aaron, you’re right. We’ve done a very good job. We continue to expect to do a good job of driving our free cash flow higher than our non-GAAP net income. At the moment, we're still kind of finalizing all, fine tuning all those details. We have a conversation coming up with our board. So at this point in time, I will tell you that we're confident that we'll continue to show healthy growth in 2011, and we should be well above our non-GAAP net income, but beyond that, we just need a bit more time to give you a more specific number.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Moskowitz of JPMorgan.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I wanted to get a greater color if I could though, David, around the operating leverage. You’ve made some significant investments in R&D in 2010, and you are taking up your 2011 operating margin target above what the consensus is expecting. But I want to get a sense in terms of R&D, how much of wiggle room do you have there, could that drive another point or so of operating margin improvements?
David Goulden: No, Mark. When we look into 2011, and we’ve given you, you're roughly 100 basis points of non-GAAP operating margin leverage, the biggest piece of that, over half of that is going to come from continued improvements to our gross margins, and the gross margin improvements come from a couple of areas. Obviously, volume health, but also we pointed out this year, the mix shift, particularly within storage towards a higher margin products is a good thing. We expect that to continue into 2011 as well. So we expect a little bit more than half of the operating margin leverage in '11 to come from our gross margin. Then within OpEx, expects probably a little bit more from SG&A than you'd expect from R&D.
Operator: Your next question is from Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Huberty - Morgan Stanley: As we know, everyone in tech is dealing with tough compares going into 2011, but in light of the 41 new products you announced last week, do you think you can maintain close to the 17% growth you saw in the storage business, particularly in 2011?
David Goulden: Well, Katy, you are right. I mean, we are facing tougher compares, and we've given you an overall growth number of 15%. So if you think about that and you obviously think about what VMware’s growth numbers are, then we're expecting a little less than 15% for the overall ex-VMware business, so not at the 17% range, but I still think that will be -- we've given you a growth rate for the year that’s going to maintain a significant share gains and we're very confident about the competitive position we have. We expect to gain shares in all the major segments in the storage marketplace this year.
Joseph Tucci: Katy, we'll talk to you more about this in two weeks, but we really think that we're on to the future of storage when we -- kind of the vision for both enterprise data and what we call big data, and we think that's definitely going to help us propel our growth.
Operator: Our next question is from Rajesh Ghai of ThinkEquity.
Rajesh Ghai - ThinkEquity LLC: I just wanted to follow-up on those last questions. So if I strip out VMware's guide and strip out about $500 million for Isilon, the implied growth for the rest of the business is about 10%, which is in line with what you said the market growth would be around 8% to 10%. So, considering the product refresh that you guys had, is that conservatism or is that an expectation of market growing slower?
David Goulden: Well, Rajesh, first of all, we gave you a TAM, which is for the overall business. So the TAM, the total adjustable market growth we gave you, 8% to 10%, is what we believe the weighted average growth rate will be of all the markets which we’re serving, including the scale at NAS marketplace, including the VMware markets. So you can't really take our overall growth and then strip out those two pieces and compare it to our overall TAM because now you’re comparing apples and oranges. Obviously, the adjustable TAM, if you took out Isilon and VMware would also come down from a growth basis as well, and you’ve picked a number four for Isilon. We’re not commenting on the specifics, but that would be exceptionally high growth for Isilon in 2011.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Gardner of Citi.
Richard Gardner - Citigroup Inc: I was just hoping you could spend a little bit of time talking about the impact of the VNX and VNXe transitions on mid-range gross margins in 2011?
David Goulden: Well, in terms of gross margins, we’re expecting the combination of the two to be relatively gross margin neutral. We are expecting to get little bit higher margins on VNX. I mentioned to you before that if you looked at our traditional mid-tier business, our NAS margins for the Celerra line were a little stronger than our SAN margins on the CLARiiON line and the converged infrastructure has a stronger software stack, and we expect to get slightly higher margins there. We expect VNXe on average to be slightly lower margins. Obviously, we’re into a more competitive price point down there. But in total, we expect the two to be relatively neutral to our overall gross margin profile compared to 2010 in the mid-tier for those two segments.
Joseph Tucci: Just to add a bit of color, our margins in the mid-tier, even on the older products, are pretty good. Our focus is not as much on getting more margin percentage in the mid-tier, it's getting a lot more growth and a lot more margin dollars in the mid-tier, and that's going to be the real brunt of our focus.
Operator: Our next question is from Daniel Ives of FBR Capital Markets.
Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Yes, Joe, I'm just interested in terms of talking to customers throughout Q4. Is there anything surprising you in terms of specific vertical strength, product strength, bigger deal flow, just given your vast experience?
Joseph Tucci: It sounds a little tripe. It's pretty much what we expected. I mean, for sure, the recovery is broad based. Big financials and the financial sector is certainly strong. Telcos are showing good signs of life. The manufacturing base we have, retail, it was pretty broad based. So we're very pleased in the -- the growth in storage is significant, and obviously, we got to give our customers tremendous value and if we do that right, we can maintain margins and grow margin dollars like I said.
Operator: Our next question is from Shebly Seyrafi of Capstone Investments.
Shebly Seyrafi - Capstone Investments: Can you give us an update on the Backup Recovery Solution segment? I think a few quarters ago, you said it's about $1 billion run rate. Is it about $1.5 million to $2 billion now? What's the growth rate you stated? Is that still near 100%? Or are we coming down to let's say 50%?
David Goulden: Again, we'll give you a little more color on that in two weeks, but it's well, well -- two wells, over $1 billion.
Operator: Next question is from Ananda Baruah of Brean Murray.
Ananda Baruah - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Just comment on the call about, I believe, cloud-related conversations, or engagement, growing 40% in the quarter. Can you give us a sense of what that type of activity has been in recent quarters, so I guess are those types of conversations, the growth rate actually accelerating as we enter the year here?
David Goulden: Ananda, I gave you kind of a couple of data points relative to that. One, I think the one that you’re referring to as we talked about the number of professional consulting engagements we’re getting in terms of helping customers define their cloud architectures or their journey to the cloud, up 46 compared to Q4 of last year, and this is kind of an all-time record level for us. Quite honestly, if we had more people with our consulting skill set, we could be doing more, even more than we’re doing right now. There is certainly a huge opportunity and a great appetite amongst our customers to help them layout those road maps. So we think it’s a very good leading indicator for how quickly people are going to move their technology forward as well.
Joseph Tucci: David said it right. The interest is incredibly high, probably as many people as we could possibly free up to consult and talk with our customers on this cloud subject, whether it be the private side or public side, for sure, we could absorb. So, the interest is high. The customers are planning and, we expect 2011 to be the year that this really starts picking up and continuing on to 2012 still on a pretty good upward trajectory.
Operator: Next question is Jayson Noland, Robert W. Baird.
Jayson Noland - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Joe, I wanted to ask about VCE, it seems like field commentary has improved recently. There are some changes made to the structure last week, but any additional metrics you can offer up and how big of a deal is VCE long-term?
Joseph Tucci: The biggest thing we changed is -- part of what we did with VCE was funded by the four founders of VCE, a company called Acadia, and that caused a lot of confusion because the initial concept there was that we would build these converged infrastructures, cloud, private clouds and public clouds out for our customers. Help our customers run them and then eventually turn them over. And what we turned more Acadia in is a real kind of systems house, which basically is helping customers spec out their needs and doing old fashioned selling, and that’s been well received. And of course, Michael Capellas is Chairman and CEO of that. I said it's 700 strong on its way to 1,000 this year. So we don't, either Cisco or us, have given any specific data points, but we did set out what I thought was a fairly aggressive plan, and again, I said we were considerably ahead of that plan. So, all points to good things ahead.
Operator: Next question is from Kaushik Roy of Wedbush.
Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Can you give us some color if you’re assuming any Dell OEM contribution in 2011 and if Dell is likely to OEM the mid-range VNX?
Joseph Tucci: Let me do it this way. For sure, our relationship with Dell has moved from strategic to tactical. For sure, it’s now mainly competitive. To give you some evidence of that fact, the Dell OEM business with CLARiiON, our CLARiiON business to Dell that they OEM was down to approximately $55 million in Q4. As a reminder, Q4 has been historically our largest quarter of the year with Dell. So the Dell-driven revenue now, which is their OEM business, the one they drive by themselves, is actually getting quite small now. And I might add that our other channel, mid-tier channels grew over 44% in Q4. So, obviously, you can see where our major focus. Now that being said, we have thousands and thousands of joint customers with Dell that we sold together, and Dell sold using our products, and we will -- and a lot many of those customers expect us to work together. And for our part, we’re most willing to work together, and there are discussions underway. So while it's highly, highly unlikely, almost impossible that they'lll sell the VNXe. There are some considerations that they will resell VNX, and those discussions are undergoing, but I want to kind of end it where I started. It's a tactical partnership. But again, when we partner in front of customers, we'll partner strong, and if we give our word that we’ll go together with a customer, we’ll go together and help our customer. So that’s kind of where it is.
Operator: Next question is from Louis Miscioscia of Collins Stewart.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart LLC: Last quarter, you talked about the three different phases of virtualization, the first one being IT-owned apps and business-critical apps, and finally, IT-As-A-Service. Could you just give us some thoughts as to where it is? Has it changed much quarter-to-quarter? And maybe as you look out to 2011, we get to year end, where do you think the customer mix might be for that?
David Goulden: The first phase is mostly virtualized, everything you can, IT took the lead, CIO took the lead, and the applications that they were in control of in Tier 3, Tier 2 apps, are the ones that moved first and the results were nothing short of fantastic, with the advent of vSphere. Customer started then getting enough confidence, and most customers now are in Phase 2 where they're now getting those same kind of benefits by moving their mission critical apps. And that’s going quite well. And that’s the phase we’re in now, and probably we'll stay in most of the year, all year in my opinion. A few leading-edge customers, and getting into next year, customers will want to move to more [indiscernible] IT-As-A-Service self portals, giving users more agility, giving users more control, making the applications run under a set of metrics that are policy and service level based. Then that kind of that's where this journey is headed. So, I would say we're just in the beginnings of step two. Two interesting data points, right now there are more -- as server shipments go more, applications are running on -- not as server shipments, as applications go, more applications now are running on virtualized servers than they are on physical servers. So that kind of chasm was crossed in actually in 2009 and that trend is continuing to grow. That being said, the potential that customers could virtualize, they are about 30% there on that journey. So again, pretty healthy data points. The ROIs are fantastic, and the quality of the virtualized infrastructure from VMware is fantastic and customers are going to continue to invest there. And also as you know, that has a tremendous impact on security and storage and protection, which we take care of from the EMC side of the family. So, all signs are good.
David Goulden: We have time for one more question, and then we'll have few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Our final question will be from Maynard Um of UBS.
Maynard Um - UBS Investment Bank: If you look back at 2010, clearly, two of you have seen much faster growth when you look at the product revenue indicating share gains and presumably from the more traditional larger IT vendors. As we look into 2011, can you just talk about your 15% growth target and understanding that product is only a portion of that, but is there more share to gain or to be had from the traditionals or is this now a zero sum gain with share battle between kind of the pure plays or maybe we're underestimating kind of the overall market again given some of the key secular trends. Can you just give us some color on the balance of that?
Joseph Tucci: I'll go back to an IDC study which came out last year where they said, and they predicted that information that’s stored on disc arrays will grow 44 times from the end of 2011 through 2020, 44 times, so information is still growing, and like always, that information needs to be protected. That information needs to be secured, it needs to be managed, and it needs to have intelligence added to it. Those are all things that EMC is focused on, and so we see great potential and so it's not a zero-sum game. Obviously, our plan is to take advantage of the expansion and new features that customer wants, we want to take share and, of course, expand it to new markets, an example of a big, big new market is this video based, big data based side of the storage equation which is going to be huge. So, we are very optimistic, and again, we'll chatter a lot more about that in two weeks. So, again, I want to just thank everybody for joining us. It means a lot to us that you have this great interest in EMC, and we thank you for that. Hopefully, you got out of today, we have a good plan, and we are very excited about our prospects not only for 2011 but beyond. And once again, I'd like to close by inviting you all to join us for our strategic forum on February 8. Have a wonder day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you all for your participation in today’s conference. That does conclude today’s call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. All participants will be on listen-only mode only until the question-and-answer session of today’s conference. As a reminder, the conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to our speaker, Mr. Tony Takazawa. Sir, you may begin.
Tony Takazawa: With me, here at Hopkinton, we have David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning to highlight some of EMC’s activities this quarter and discuss our updated outlook for the rest of 2010. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC’s execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned to help customers on the journey to the Cloud. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedule and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the investor relations section of EMC.com. As always, we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These include a lot of financial detail so we do encourage you to take a look at them. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in the EMC filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. And lastly I will note that an archive of today’s presentation will be available following the call. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that EMC had another great quarter. We achieved record revenues of over $4.2 billion, up 20%. Record Q3 non-GAAP net income of $649 million, up 35%. Non-GAAP EPS of $0.30, up 30%. Record year-to-date free cash flow of $2.2 billion, up 22%; and non-GAAP operating margin of 21.5% up 80 basis points sequentially. We continue to execute on our triple play with strong double-digit growth in storage security and virtualization, it's clear we continue to gain share in these key areas of the market, areas where we're already the market leader. With the announcements of VMware View 4.5, storage efficiency technologies like FAST v2 and FAST Cache and the acquisition of Greenplum, it's clear we're investing for the future but more importantly these investments are bearing fruit. And with non-GAAP gross operating margins up 40 and 80 basis points respectively quarter on quarter we continue to improve profitability. We expect to continue this triple play over the long term because of how well we positioned ourselves to capitalize on the fundamental shift to Cloud computing. Now let me start by taking a few minutes to discuss what's driving our good results. The industry generally agrees that the shift to cloud architectures is no longer a question of if but of when. The answer is it's happening now albeit at different speeds for different companies but all companies go through the same three phases to transform their traditional physical infrastructures to true cloud architectures and to take full advantage of the ability to offer IT as a service. Phase I is the virtualization of IT owned applications which also requires simple, efficient VM integrated storage. Phase II is a virtualization of business critical applications. This is where SLAs around performance, availability, workload mobility, recoverability and security really matter. Phase III realizes the full benefit of Cloud by taking advantages of Phases I and II together with IT automation, provisioning and chargeback to offer IT infrastructure as a service for the entire enterprise. It's at this phase that you have an elastic cloud of compute networking storage resources and are also seamlessly drawing on compatible public cloud services where it makes sense. So, let’s look at what EMC offers for each one of these phases. The first phase typically tends to involves small deployments. Typically, it involves the IT departments virtualizing applications they own and manage. For these implementations, which require virtualization, and simple and efficient storage, EMC has VMware's vSphere on our unified storage products. With the majority of customers currently in this first phase, our unified storage frontline has grown rapidly and others are benefiting from this trend in the mid tier as well. Where we're really distinguishing ourselves in this phase is with efficiency technologies like SSCs, FAST and Cache as well as with tight integration with VMware. For example, one well known online brokerage firm in the quarter selected EMC's unified products in large part because of the FAST Cache. It's an ability to accelerate performance to address unexpected workload spikes, could not be matched by either of the other two vendors competing for this deal. In the second phase where virtualization extends to business critical applications, SLAs has become very important. In fact, customers are telling us they want better SLAs after they virtualize. Also, if customers selected to deploy business critical applications on enterprise storage for high SLAs in the physical world, they're not going to deploy them on mid tier as they virtualize. In the second phase, customers look to technologies from VMware like vCenter AppSpeed and vSphere storage and network IO control to help control performance SLAs at the application, storage and network levels. Likewise, they demand that their storage infrastructure extend these capabilities and support these SLAs. For example, EMC's FAST works for storage IO control to deliver industry leading distributed resource scheduling for storage making enterprise apps perform 2 1/2 times better for the same cost. Customers also look to things like VMAX, VPLEX deduplication and security to meet these SLA deeper in the infrastructure. In Phase I, array based snap on replicate is suitable for backup but in Phase II tight integration of high performance backup like EMC's Avamar with VStorage APIs and with vCenter provides much higher service levels. For example in Q3, a large manufacturing customer who wanted to reduce space and power consumption in the data center and at the same time virtualize their servers and desktops selected VMAX. We won another deal at a well-known global cosmetics company. In this case, the customer is expanding its VMware implementation and will use Active/Active VM teleportation with VPLEX to raise availability and federate across data centers at a distance. These are great examples of a sophisticated enterprise class technology required in this phase and in these cases, it happened to be technology our competitors could not match. In fact, in Phase II implementations, larger competitors tend not to have all of the necessary best of breed technology and our mid tier competitors don't have the portfolio to really provide a full solution. Phase III is when you really get to IT as a service. This involves things like integrated stacks, management up and down from physical to virtual and usage monitoring, all of which EMC offers. Our VCE coalition enables hybrid clouds with Vblocks. Our UIM, Unified Infrastructure Manager offers cross domain provisioning, change and configuration management. vCloud Director offers self-provisioning of virtual machines in a multitenant environment and VPLEX facilitates seamless data mobility between private clouds and external providers. Illustrating this, a very large pharmaceutical company this quarter decided it was taking them too long to provision their virtual machines and turned to EMC. Now, as they implement their three year roadmap, they're moving forward with Vblock, with VMAX, UIM and will use VPLEX for an Active/Active datacenter architecture. What these examples demonstrate is that there does not tend to be any one typical cloud deal. Company’s infrastructure requirements are as varied as the companies themselves. This is why it's very important to have a broad and deep range of products and services and as each company develops its cloud infrastructure roadmap EMC can meet their needs through every phase from the departmental to enterprise wide from Tier 0 to the backup of an archive. Now a common question in the investor community is whose storage works best in virtualized environments? We think the best way to find out is to go ask customers which vendor they trust. As you can see from the results of these surveys, which come from separate sources, EMC consistently rises to the top when it comes to providing infrastructure for virtualized environments. Now there is one smaller competitor that claims to have a lead in virtualized environments but the facts simply don't bear it out. Rather note, it tends to be the bigger, more established companies with broader offerings that come in behind EMC. Customers realize that the journey to a cloud infrastructure can be complex requiring a broad range of process services. As a result, they go with companies like EMC that can provide more. Public cloud providers are also building their infrastructure on EMC for a number of reasons. With virtualization, being the foundation for public cloud service, VMware is key. With the vast amounts of data being stored and managed by public cloud providers, scalability is critical. For example VMAX’s X86-based scale architecture offers this at petabyte scales. With multitenancy security is critical and the ability to attest to that security is just as important particularly for a public cloud provider. RSA cloud security solution offers this accountability. And enterprise customers need data mobility for true, seamless, hybrid cloud and VPLEX enables the advance federation of resources into and out of the enterprise. This quarter we announced that several service providers are taking advantage of these technologies for offering public cloud services to their clients and this number continues to ramp. Joe will give you more color on some of these winds in his comments. The various examples I referenced are just a few of the deals we closed in Q3 with customers looking to start or continue to build out their cloud infrastructures both private and public. Our Q3 cloud wins span verticals including government, healthcare, media, manufacturing, energy, services and academia and all of our frontline across VMware, security and storage including high-end and mid tier block and file. Now that I've given you a sense of what’s behind our strong results, let’s look at the numbers in more detail. Revenue in the quarter grew 20% to $4.2 billion in Q3. The increasing value customers receive from our products and services is driving improvements to our business with non-GAAP gross margin of 60.5%, up 40 basis points sequentially. This improvement was driven primarily by higher storage product margins, thanks to the faster growth of our higher margin storage products. Ongoing operating improvements helped drive non-GAAP operating margins of 21.5%, up 80 basis points sequentially and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.30, up from $0.28 last quarter and from $0.23 a year ago. Free cash flow is strong and year-to-date was $2.2 billion, up 22%, and $427 million greater than our non-GAAP income for the same period. We ended the quarter with $10.5 billion in cash. Of this a total of $6.2 billion was held in the U.S. with reminder overseas. We spent $500 million on acquisitions in the quarter and $283 million buying back 15 million shares of EMC stock bringing us to $800 million on EMC share repurchases so far this year. We still expect to spend $1 billion on EMC stock by the end of the year. In addition, EMC spent $92 million buying VMware shares and VMware spent $131 million on VMware shares. Looking at VMware’s pivotal role as a cloud data center operating system of the future, we feel strongly that these relatively small purchases to maintain our ownership level are an excellent long-term investment. Now looking at our geographies, we saw a balanced double-digit growth around the world with strongest growth in our BRIC+13 emerging markets. Joe will provide some more color here. The negative impact of currency on a year-on-year revenue growth in Q3 was 60 basis points. Assuming rates stay at September 30 levels, there should no impact on currency on our full revenue results. Now turning to a few details about our various products and services. Overall storage related revenues grew 16% with or without acquisition affects. We believe that we continue to gain share in key segments of the storage markets. We are the number one storage due in large part to our technology leadership and this is what continues to define us today. We are the leader in the most important technologies in infrastructure. For example we were the first to introduce SSDs in enterprise storage and the automated tiering software to leverage it. The ability to marry solid state and spinning drives leads to enormous performance and efficiency improvements. We unveiled this disruptive technology almost three years ago and we're clearly benefiting from our leadership here in both high end and mid tier storage systems. This past quarter, we continued to reap the benefits of our innovation as our Symmetrix product revenues were up a robust 23%. The VMAX architecture leverages standard X86 processing, is highly scalable in terms of both performance and capacity and includes advanced high valued functionality like virtual provisioning and FAST. It is these capabilities which are driving our gains not only in the traditional high end deployments but also in large consolidation plays, private cloud infrastructures and increasingly public cloud environments. I think that the success and brand tradition of Symmetrix leads many to think just in terms of traditional clients storage and of course we continue to set the pace there. However, I would encourage you to think more broadly regarding how this new architecture has been designed to be ideally suited for the new information requirements of virtual infrastructures and cloud environments. It's this combination of our existing leadership position and the rapid penetration of these new cloud focused environments that's driving our strong results. A great example of this success is a Q3 win at a major global healthcare company. In this deal, VMAX's virtual provisioning and FAST with the ability to tier to SATA drives were key features as these enabled the customer to increase utilization, simplify their environment and reduce CapEx and OpEx. In this case where the customer was deploying VMware, our competitor required three times the amount of hardware to perform equivalently to two VMAX engines. This is a clear example of how VMAX is winning in large VMware consolidations. In this case the customer wanted a storage system that could support 2500 virtual machines growing to 6,000. In fact VMAX has proved itself to be so cost effective and flexible that in many instances customers have consolidated multiple mid tier storage platforms onto one VMAX. This is happening with both EMC and competitive mid tier storage platforms. As a couple of proof points, we swept the floor of a mid tier competitors products with the VMAX at the global healthcare customer I just mentioned and also in another win of one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies. As customers are moving towards the cloud, EMC is best able to help them along every step of the journey and these are just two more examples. Our mid tier storage business continued to show good growth again in Q3 increasing 22% year-on-year. The software capabilities we announced last quarter for our CLARiiON and Celera platforms Unisphere, FAST v2, FAST Cache and Block Compression for primary storage are being embraced by customers. The percentage of systems shipping with SSDs in the mid tier continues to increase helped in part by the availability of FAST v2 and FAST Cache. These features were definitely a factor in several of the deals we won this quarter, including where we beat out a mid tier competitor in a well-known West Coast university. In addition, we won a project to remove an incumbents mid tier products and we also beat two other vendors at a well-known U.S. based retailer based upon the strength of our VMware integration and significantly better capacity utilization. Another key benefit of the breadth and depth of EMC's business is that we have a leadership position in some of the hottest areas of technology today. These technologies and products act as wonderful door openers for EMC. This was the case in a recent government project where we leveraged data domains relationships to highlight CLARiiON capabilities in VMware environments. CLARiiON integration with VMware was a deciding factor in the purchase of several CLARiiON systems as initial footprints in a deployment that will eventually scale to several petabytes. That's in addition to the large data domain purchases happening in this quarter. This is just one great example of the synergy and success of our model. Our backup recovery systems business continues to grow at a high pace. We expect VRS' extraordinary growth opportunities to play out for a long time. This will clearly lead to more success for VRS as a clear leader in the space but it will also drive additional opportunities for EMC to help customers in other ways. As we announced last week, we've added a new division and a whole new set of opportunities to our portfolio. Greenplum, which we announced in July, is the foundation of our new data computing products division. It's first new products, the EMC Greenplum Data Computing Appliance offers the industry’s best price performance ratio, three times more scalability and up to four times as many database cores than competitive systems and data input speed of up to five times that of our competitors. Our DCA integrates database, compute and storage into an enterprise class easy to implement system that can meet petabyte scale big data requirements. We are very excited to pursue this incremental market opportunity by offering yet another leading edge solution to customers as they increasingly seek the best analytic tools to derive business values from their massive volumes of data. Our RSA security revenue growth accelerated in Q3 to 22% year-on-year. Our GRC and SIM products did well as customers need a way to manage their multitude of discreet security devices. The combination of these capabilities enables customers to have an easy to use governance layer that can oversee and manage other security products throughout their environments. As security and compliance become increasingly important to all customers, and as more infrastructures move towards the cloud, this unique governance and management layer is a key differentiator and enabler in the marketplace. This was the reason we won an important security operation center project at a very large management services customer this quarter. Revenue from our information intelligence group was relatively flat against last year's Q3. The XEP platform continues to be very popular and IAG won a number of significant new customers in the quarter. Clearly the rollouts of virtual infrastructures and the build out of private and public clouds drove the strong growth of VMware in the quarter, up 46%. The excitement around VMworld with over 17,000 attendees is a great example of the impact VMware has on the industry. At VMworld we made a number of announcements including vCloud Director, VMware View 4.5, vShield and vFabric. We also made a number of announcements around how other EMC products are being integrated with VMware including Unified Infrastructure Manager Version II which when deployed with vCloud Director and VBlock creates what's essentially a vCloud in a box. Other announcements include an EMC storage infrastructure with secure authentication which when combined with View 4.5 sets a storage efficiency record of $38 per client, the best in the market due to tight integration of all these various technologies. We also announced a strong RSA VMware cloud security and compliance solution, another industry first that will help ease the security concerns of customers as they move towards the cloud. Because virtualization is the foundation of cloud computing, a key to success with VMware is bringing the virtual infrastructure and the information infrastructure together. And while we encourage others to work with VMware, we work harder than anyone else to integrate the virtual and information infrastructures. With over 60 different integration points now between EMC and VMware including support for all the VMware APIs we lead in VMware integration. Recognizing the difference such tight integration makes in performance a global medical technology company purchased both client and Solaris systems in the quarter. It was a combination of the VM plug-ins, unified architectures and features like FAST and FAST Cache all for one vendor that drove this deal for us. Our results this quarter and for the last several are great indicators of the strength of our strategy and business model. The move to cloud is underway. All of IT is moving in this direction and while customers are moving they're spending towards these new architectures at varying speeds, the tidal wave of change is definitely real. We are leading in the hottest areas of the move to the cloud and we have the broadest portfolio across all the key customer requirements, from virtualization, storage to security information governance. And while we cannot control all the economy or IT spending, we believe that we will certainly continue to grow and gain share due to our leadership position in this rapidly growing opportunity. So, looking at the environment the opportunity ahead, our unique competitive position and the strength of our strategy and model, we are once again raising our expectations for 2010. We now expect to achieve $16.9 billion in revenue, non-GAAP operating margins of 21 to 22% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.25. This reflects revenue growth of 20% and EPS growth of 39%, a very robust growth and even better leverage. As you can see, strong growth in leverage and investments have been the standard for us since 2004. And with the results and outlook we reported today it's clear we're continuing on this trajectory. But what's most exciting is that the fundamental shift to cloud architectures is only in the early stages and we believe we are better suited than anyone else to capitalize on this trend as it unfolds over the next several years. We fully expect that the triple play of shared growth, investment for the future and financial leverage we're delivering this year can be maintained over the long term. So in summary, our strategy is clear. The business and operating model are in place, our investments continue to pay off and the cloud opportunities are very big. As a result, we expect to continue to deliver double-digit revenue and double-digit earnings growth for the next few years. I'll now turn the call over to Joe, who'll provide some more color on the quarter and what we see through the end of the year. Joe?
Joseph Tucci: Thanks, David, and a warm welcome to everyone attending today's conference call. As always, thank you for your interest in EMC. As Tony said, I am currently in Beijing and thus actively participating in today's earning call from approximately 6,000 miles away from my colleagues. But I trust the marvels of communication technology will make the mechanics of this call appear seamless. Overall, I was very pleased with our performance in Q3. In fact, our top line revenue was the best in EMC's history as we posted solid growth on both a year-on-year sequential basis. I am also proud to report that we continue to create leverage in our P&L while investing in the future. To this end in Q3 we added approximately 1700 professionals to consolidate at EMC in the areas of sales, emerging high growth markets, R&D and VMware. Our goal is to develop more innovative products and maintain strong growth. And most importantly we established EMC and VMware as clear thought leaders with substantial momentum in private, public and hybrid cloud computing. We firmly believe cloud computing which enables IT as a service is the next big transformational wave that is shaping the information technology landscape. Our success in Q3 would not have been possible without the hard work and dedication of the 47,000 people of EMC and VMware around the world. I want to thank them for their leadership and congratulate them on their accomplishments. I would now like to make a few comments on the global economy and more importantly our view on IT spending trends. On the economic front, on a consolidated global basis, we continue to see a slow recovery, albeit with a few bumps in the road. Pretty much in line with what we've been saying all year and looking forward we expect this trend to continue. Closer to home in IT spending terms we are seeing real strength in rapid growing and emerging geographies, moderate growth in the U.S. and Japan, most of Europe, albeit with a bit of choppiness in a few countries, and solid growth in countries such as Australia, Canada, Mexico and South Africa. Additionally across all markets, the very good news is that the demand for virtualization, information storage, information protection and information security and governance are areas where EMC/VMware is the leader are growing considerably faster than the IT average. This is evidenced by the fact that in Q3 we grew on a year-on-year basis 21% in the U.S., 28% in APJ, 22% in constant currency, 14% in Europe, 19% in constant currency and approximately 30% in emerging markets. This balanced geographic growth demonstrates that we are focused on IT markets that are growing much faster than the IT market as a whole and more importantly we are clearly taking share. Additionally what drove this demand is the ever-continuing growth of information and the innovative uses of this information by our customers as they drive for higher and higher levels of productivity while meeting the mandate for risk mitigation and adherence to proper governance and compliance policies. What adds to our confidence in our future is the thought leadership, innovations and strong product roadmap we have in a new big wave of IT, cloud computing. It is our firm belief that cloud computing will transform enterprise IT shops as the customers migrate their IT data centers into private clouds. This transformation will also happen in a service provider community as they build out an extensive number of very large enterprise class public clouds. Additionally the actualization of private and public cloud computing will provide our customers a massive benefit, namely the ability to run applications more flexibly with a lot more automation at a significantly lower cost while ensuring that the attendant policies and service levels are adhered to. But even lower costs and more flexibility can be achieved as customers take advantage of both private and public cloud computing by federating or operating their various application loads between their own private clouds and the public clouds of their chosen service provider partners. We call this cloud implementation the hybrid cloud. I assure you the vast majority of our R&D budgets, our acquisitions, our go-to-market motions and the build out of our partner ecosystem is aimed at leading and winning in this game changing hybrid product opportunity. The importance of having a world-class partner ecosystem cannot be overstated. I firmly believe no one IT company could possibly possess all the IT resources to go it alone and very importantly every single customer I speak with wants, in fact demands, best of breed and choice. To this end, our partnership with Cisco is deepening and our VCE coalition is gaining significant momentum in the market. As proof, I am again pleased to report that our Vblock sales are well ahead of plan. Our partnership with systems integrators such as Accenture, CSC, Cap Gemini, Wipro, TCS, Deloitte and others continues to grow strategically and tactically. And last on the service provider front, we are building a number of very deep alliances with many of the leading telcos and service providers around the world. In Q3 we announced partnerships with the following companies: France Telecom’s Orange Business Services, SingTel's Alphawest, Saudi Telecom, Cable and Wireless and Terremark, and you can expect many more announcements over the coming weeks and months. In summary, EMC is executing well in today's IT market. We have a great product and technology portfolio and a go-to-market prowess to capture the opportunity that the private and public hybrid cloud-computing wave offers. Thus, I reaffirm our belief that we can achieve double-digit growth rates over the long term and to help you better understand why we are so confident in our future we will host an investor and analyst day in Q1. I'd now like to turn it back to Tony to moderate today's portion of the -- Q&A portion of today's call.
Tony Takazawa: Great. Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions as usual we ask you to try to limit yourself to one question including clarifications, which will enable us to take as many questions as possible. Thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Operator, can we open up the lines for questions please?
Operator: Thank you. At this time we are ready for the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question, Aaron Rakers of Stifel Nicolaus Investment Advisors. Sir, your line is open.
Aaron Rakers: Yeah. Thanks, guys and congratulations on the good quarter. So my question is going to be around basically the cloud strategy as a whole, you guys lay out obviously a clear picture of where you’re going from a strategic perspective. Can you help me understand where clustered NAS fits into your thought process around cloud or the market that you look to address going forward?
David Goulden: Sure, Aaron. Basically we have a very successful high end NAS product with Celera. There are a lot of developments that we are investing in there with products coming to market. Clustered NAS is really all about how you handle a global namespace. We have really solid plans in that area and I feel comfortable with our road map. As always, I would like to keep some surprises so we don’t -- I don’t want to tell you exactly when we’ll release new products but I will say we have a very robust product line for 2011.
Aaron Rakers: Thank you.
David Goulden: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Daniel Ives of FBR. Sir, your line is open.
Daniel Ives: Yeah, thanks. Can you speak to the federal in the quarter relative to expectations?
David Goulden: Yeah, Daniel. Sure. We, in federal we saw a good quarter-on-quarter growth in the quarter as expected but relative to the rest of the business it wasn’t quite as strong again as expected. So good sequential growth and pretty much in line with where we expected it to come out.
Daniel Ives: Congrats, again. Good quarter. Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Daniel. Next question please?
Operator: Our next question, Brian Marshall of Gleacher & Company. You may ask your question.
Brian Marshall: Hi, thanks guys. I’d like to echo the nice quarter. Looking at, I mean it appears that most of your business plans are fully optimized at this point. I guess I’d like to focus on the one that doesn’t appear to be, the Information Intelligence Group, the old Documentum, I was wondering if we could get an update here, kind of what you see out there for this business unit and how strategic this is going forward relative to kind of the focus on the hybrid cloud? Thank you.
David Goulden: Okay, Brian. Sure. A couple of things. First of all when we think of the hybrid cloud, one of the big phenomena today is big data and you know big data is going to come in a couple of different forms. It’s going to come in the structured form and that’s obviously where Greenplum and the DCA that we just announced are important and it’s all going to come in the unstructured form again which is why Documentum is still a very important part of the overall strategy. Now within the IIG business, there’s a couple of things happening underneath the surface. That business is transitioning from a large enterprise, license type business to a smaller application dependent business so we’re moving from the traditional PLA to the kind of smaller XEP application oriented rollout. So underneath the surface you’re seeing that churn occur, and that’s why you’re seeing the top line relatively flat, but strategically it still has a great role in the cloud strategy.
Brian Marshall: Thank you.
Joe Tucci: David’s right. There’s a lot of moving pieces there and we are in the transition with our XEP strategy, which will make Documentum platform a lot more lightweight, a lot more SAS enabled and as we get through that transition we expect we’ll see better growth.
Brian Marshall: Thanks, Joe. Tony Takazawa Thanks, next question please?
Operator: Ittai Kidron of Oppenheimer. Sir, you may ask your question.
Ittai Kidron: Thanks. A question for David and first of all again, congratulations on the numbers. With regards to the gross margin in your core EMC business, 55.5% this quarter. I can’t even remember the last time you got such high gross margins and with some of your larger competitors making a lot of acquisitions and trying to accumulate a lot of assets after years of non-activity in your area? How should we think about gross margins in your core business going into next year and also VMware provided some initial growth thoughts on 2011 last night, would you care to do the same with regards to your business?
David Goulden: Well, first of all, no, we’re not going into 2011 at this point of time other than to reiterate my comments I said earlier that we’re looking to execute our triple play over the long term and certainly next year we’ll be looking at double-digit revenue growth and double-digit earnings growth and those are the only if you’d like stake I’m putting in the ground right now relative to 2011. Relative to gross margins, yes, we have seen nice expansion in the non VMware side business. As I mentioned during the quarter what we’ll be seeing is a mix shift towards higher gross margin products, so we’re doing very well with things like our NAS products, VMAX, like our DD Products and some of our storage software and that mix shift is helping the margins grow sequentially. I would point out to you that gross margins we equate that as an indicator of the value we’re providing to the customer and the more value we’re providing to the customer the better gross margins are going to be within the business, so that’s what’s happening beneath the surface there. Tony Takazawa Okay, Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Rajesh Ghai of Thinkequity, LLC. Sir, your line is open.
Rajesh Ghai: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the good question. So, a number of your large competitors have announced integrated appliances for the cloud. I want to understand what your views were on this competitive activity and whether you believe your Vblock strategy was an adequate response?
David Goulden: Well, I don’t think Vblock strategy was a response. I think we started it. Kind of the first integration of taking the cloud OS, VMware, the connectivity and network, the server and the storage and putting it together was pioneered by us, so I don’t think we’re reacting at all. I think others are reacting to us. Us and Cisco, we’re not giving out numbers yet but what I told you is true. We set what I thought was a pretty aggressive plan for Vblock and I repeat what I said, we are well above our plan that we set for ourselves both last quarter and this quarter and for the year, so it’s going well.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
Amit Daryanani– RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Just a question around your, 3Par was acquired by HP amidst a bidding war. How do you guys think Par being at HP changes the landscape in high end storage, especially for VMAX I guess given HP’s sales and services? And secondly how to you think the EMC Dell relationship goes further given their keen interest on all the storage assets versus reselling CLARiiON?
David Goulden: I don’t think the 3Par changes the landscape at all. We’ve been -- 3Par is 10 years old. We’ve been competing with it for quite a while. For HP, will they make 3Par more successful? I‘m sure they will. I think what you’re going to see there is in large substitution for their high end EVAs and for business that they previously funneled through Hitachi. So I really don’t see that changing the landscape at all. As far as the Dell relationship, obviously we took a setback as Dell went after 3Par and obviously cooled things off. We are again in discussions to see if we can do something more meaningful and lasting. Both companies would like to do that but the key is it’s got to be meaningful and it’s got to be the last thing for me to tell you that it’s back on track. So I can’t tell you that yet but I can tell you we’re in serious discussions and there is intent on both parties to do that but obviously 3Par move from Dell was a setback to the relationship.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, next question please.
Operator: Our next question, William Choi of Jefferies & Company. Sir, your line is open.
William Choi: Okay, thanks. Need a quick clarification at first. Storage grew 16% . You said SIM up 23, mid tier up 22%, so what was in storage was below 16% and then the question is really if you could talk about the low end products you guys have talked about bringing that out in Q1? What would be kind of the margin and revenue ramp profile of this? I would imagine these things would certainly have higher software integration to them and related to that if you could update us on how you are doing with channel push there? How many partners you have been able to add and what kind of metrics we could talk about? Thanks.
Dave Goulden: Okay, Bill. I’ll start and I’m going to pass it over to Joe for the second part. So, in terms of storage you are right. The total storage business was up 16%, SIM 23, mid tier 22. Remember that in the storage business, well first of all those numbers that I gave you for SIM and mid tier are product only numbers. In the storage business there’s also products and services and there’s maintenance and professional services. Also there are a number of others products in there including some of the third party products we sell through – like the Connectix switches and our Select line. So that’s the difference between the 16 and the 23 and the 22. And for updates on mid tier, I’m going to pass that over to Joe.
Joe Tucci: Obviously, we’ve said and I’ll repeat it that we think we have a very, very competitive, very excited about it, a low end product coming in Q1. We’ll announce that in early Q1. It is on track. It is in beta now. It is doing very well and again I’m very excited, so stay tuned and we’ll announce that in Q1. It is the fastest growing market in storage and again we’re excited to be, we’re very excited about the prospects of entering that market in a big way, in a big, big way.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Next question please?
Operator: Mark Moskowitz of JP Morgan Chase. Sir, your line is open.
Mark Moskowitz: Yes, thank you. Good morning. I wondered if you could give us some update on the (inaudible) recovery business in terms of the revenue run rate previously (inaudible) just wonder if you can give me an update there? Can you also talk about the cross fund opportunities in the heritage data domain account?
David Goulden: Mark, I got the first part of the question in terms of the run rate. Could you repeat the second part please?
Mark Moskowitz: Yes, the other piece was if you could just talk about the cross selling opportunities within the data domain accounts in terms of heritage data domain. What type of pull through are you seeing there?
David Goulden: Great. Mark, so on the run rate, we mentioned that in the first quarter data domain and Avamar lines combined had reached the billion-dollar run rate, which was ahead of plan. We said we’d get to that level in 2010. We got there in Q1 and that’s continued to increase sequentially into Q2 and again into Q3. So we’re not going to break that out again once we got beyond our billion dollar run rate but we are continuing to see sequential growth and obviously the run rate is now higher. In terms of cross selling some nice opportunities. I mentioned for example in my prepared comments where we cross sold into a data domain account, a large CLARiiON project that’s going to scale up to petabyte type scale and of course there’s good BRS opportunities to the EMC account. So the good news is when we will look at BRS, A, it’s opening new doors for us, and B, we’re also able to increase our footprint inside of the year, the EMC account. So it’s working both ways. It’s certainly a win-win from that point of view.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Jason Ader of William Blair. Sir, your line is open.
Jason Ader: Thank you very much. My question is on the implied sequential growth guidance for the top line for the core business for the information infrastructure. It’s around 14% if my math is right. That seems slightly stronger than seasonal so given your comments on the economy being sort of in a slow recovery I was wondering if you could add any color on why you think that’s going to be as strong as the implied guidance suggests?
Joe Tucci: Actually Jason, are you talking Q3 to Q4 sequential growth?
Jason Ader: Yes. 5-year average was something like 13%. This implies around 14% so I think it’s a little bit better than the historical?
Dave Goulden: Yeah, Joe. Jason’s talking excluding the VMware just to clarify his comments.
Joe Tucci: You know, it’s close, Jason. Basically what we’re doing is like we do all the time. We get bottoms up forecasts, so we then put a little bit of management wisdom hopefully on those forecasts, and we’ve been pretty accurate through the year and this is where we’re coming up and so we’re – obviously we see it. So we don’t see the market falling down. We think there’s good opportunity out there for IT and especially in the areas we are, virtualization, storage, information protection, information securities. Those areas are hot and I suspect they will remain hot for the foreseeable future.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Maynard Um of UBS. You may ask your question.
Maynard Um: Hi, thanks. In terms of the three phases to get true cloud, can you talk about what inning we’re in Phase I rollouts and as we move from Phase I to Phase II do you think we get a pause because of either a hesitancy to move to mission critical apps or maybe because we have to digest before we start consuming again or do you think this is a seamless transition between the two phases? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: I think it’s pretty seamless. Customers are seeing phenomenal reliability. The VMware OS continues to get the highest marks in the industry for stability and high quality in their platform and of course with the advent of Nehalem servers we’ve given you that six to eight cores and tremendous power. Customers have seen the reliability, the capability and they’re definitely, definitely moving to Phase II without a pause and I think Phase II will be very successful.
David Goulden: And Jason just to pick up on it. As I mentioned, the requirements and the benefits if the change from the phase is, phase I is really about consolidation cost reduction. Phase II customers are looking for costs but they’re actually looking to increases their SLAs as they virtualize which requires a whole set of technology to drive optimization around those SLAs. So it really changes the game very much from a VMware point of view but also from a storage point of view, the requirements of Phase II are very, very different. That’s why I gave you some examples in my script because the ability to seamlessly reach Phases I and Phases II really sets us apart.
Joe Tucci: By the way, speaking from first hand experience, our own IT shop. We had moved a substantial number of our mission critical apps, as a matter of fact all of our CRM apps from, to this world and we’re seeing great opportunities. So we’re clearly drinking the kool-aid and getting a very good taste.
Operator: Ben Reitzes of Barclays Capital. Sir, you may ask your question.
Ben Reitzes: Yes. I want to focus a little bit more on the fourth quarter guidance. Clearly, the guide up versus the street expectation for the fourth quarter end earnings, I just was wondering, Joe, you said you did a bottoms up forecast but what is going better than expected and included in that guidance? Does Symmetrix number look pretty strong vis-à-vis expectations? Maybe what are we missing potentially that had you raise guidance that’s better than expected? It seems like a pretty strong outlook? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Well, you know clearly on the storage side, the stars of the show would be VMAX and our BRS data domain and Avamar products. And the other star to show is our NAS business, our Celera NAS business is also growing tremendously fast, faster than our major competitors. So those would be the stars of the show. Obviously information security is incredibly important and you see the growth in our RSA division’s business. So those are going great and our new entry into Greenplum is showing a lot of progress and a good pipeline. That’s not going to be a major impact in Q4 obviously because of it’s size but still got great growth. So we have several areas that I would call hot and of course you mentioned that you wanted the II side but of course VMware continues to – they raised their guidance also. So pretty good strength across major product lines and then of course we’ve got some -- in Q1, we’re going to enter a new phase with our low end products, so we’re in pretty good shape going forward, in very good shape going forward.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Kaushik Roy of Wedbush Morgan Securities. Sir, your line is open.
Kaushik Roy: Congratulations on the quarter. One of the concerns during Q3 was if customers are waiting for the unified CLARiiON and Celera anticipated next year, can you comment on what you saw in the CLARiiON product line or what you expect there? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Well, obviously I didn’t mention CLARiiON as a star but it’s holding it’s own. What we did do which customers are loving, as I said we’re -- as we did with our VMAX platform and before, we have released a lot of the key software on the older platforms ahead of the new announcements. So Unisphere, FAST Cache, FAST v2, new compression technology are being very well received by customers and that’s having an effect. Obviously, CLARiiON is also affected by Dell moving onto EqualLogic, so CLARiiON has a lot to overcome. Our new hope this year, strategy, we think is back on track and we’re looking very forward to the future. So I think it will continue to not be a star in Q4 but it’ll plod along and do okay.
Tony Takazawa: Great. Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Louis Miscioscia of Collin Stewart, sir, you may ask your question.
Louis Miscioscia: Okay, I was going to ask about Europe as to why it has grown less than some of the other geographies but also since you mentioned it that your largest, that your competitor in the NAS area that you’re growing faster than them? I think in their hardware area last quarter they grew 50% year-over-year last quarter. Maybe you could give us some comparable numbers to also take a look at your numbers within the mid tier storage space area for you?
Joe Tucci: Well, think of it like this. I’m not going to give you new numbers but I understand their growth rate and I said that our, if you looked at our Celera alone it grew faster and I say that again. So obviously our Celera is aimed at -- NAS is aimed at the higher end, and that’s a good space to be and we’re going to do a lot of expansion there as I answered to the first question. However where they’re growing extremely fast is an area we’re not in, which is the low end, which I told you we started addressing in early Q1. So that’s kind of how I would -- that’s kind of the macro statement around that.
David Goulden: And then Louis, just to pick up on your question about Europe. As Joe mentioned in his comments, if you look at Europe in constant currency you’ve actually got 19%. So where we did have a currency headwind, I mentioned in my script it’s about 60 basis points for the quarter. Basically all our headwind was in Europe but 19% constant currency is pretty good growth.
Tony Takazawa: All right. We have time for one more question and then Joe will have a few closing comments.
Operator: Our last question, Keith Bachman of BMO Capital Markets. Sir, your line is open.
Keith Bachman: Hi, thank you. A couple for you David, if I could? Could you talk about a little bit about cash flow, free cash flow? As you think about Q4 specifically what are the objectives that you have and you mentioned 11 double-digit revenue and earnings growth? How should we be thinking about free cash flow, particularly since it’s, on a consolidated basis, it slowed down a little bit this quarter in terms of the growth rate?
David Goulden: Yes, Keith a few comments on free cash flow. First of all, I think it’s, the one metric that’s least helpful to look at on a quarter by quarter basis because of the ebbs and flows and timings and working capital investments, even some CapEx buildup, so I comment that free cash flow for the year so far is up 22%. Year-to-date it’s over $400 million higher than our non-GAAP net income. We’re looking forward to Q4 in the year and looking forward to 2011 and we continue to strive to have our free cash flow be higher than our non-GAAP net income.
Joe Tucci: So again, thank you for joining us. We very much appreciate it. And in closing I want to reiterate that we are executing well. Our strategy for the private, public and hybrid cloud is solid and gaining traction. We have a product rollback that is well aimed and again very exciting and we have the go-to-market and the last part is necessary to bring these innovative products to market. But most importantly we have 47,000 plus great people in EMC and VMware who believe in our vision and our future. So, once again thank you for joining us and we look forward to seeing you in the future, seeing you soon. Thank you very much. Bye, Bye.
Operator: That concludes today’s teleconference. All lines may disconnect. Once again that concludes today’s teleconference. All lines may disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - VP, IR David Goulden - EVP & CFO Joe Tucci - President & CEO
Analysts: Alex Kurtz - Merriman & Co. Aaron Rakers - Stifel Nicolaus Brian Marshall - Gleacher & Company Ben Reitzes - Barclays Mark Kelleher - Brigantine Advisors Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer Richard Gardner - Citi Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have ay objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa. You may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the Second Quarter of 2010. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC's Chairman and CEO and David Goulden, EMC's Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results we have released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter and discuss our updated outlook for 2010. Joe will then spend some time to discuss in his view what is happening in the market, EMC's execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned to help customers on the journey to the Private Cloud. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the line to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All these are available for download within the investor relations section of emc.com. As always, we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These include a lot of financial details but we do encourage you to take a look at them. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And lastly I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call. With that it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks Tony. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report that EMC had another good quarter due to strong demand for our market leading solutions, our solid business model and great execution by the team. There are many highlights this quarter including record Q2 revenues of over $4 billion, up 24% and record Q2 non-GAAP net income of $596 million, up 66%, non-GAAP EPS of $0.28, up a robust 56%. Our storage business was up 21%. VMware grew revenue 48% over last year. Free cash flow was $1.6 billion for the first half, up 47% and non-GAAP operating margin of 20.7% improved a 120 bits sequentially. Once again we achieved our triple play. We gained market share, invested for the future, and improved profitability. Within our consolidated revenue which is up 24% we saw excellent growth storage as I mentioned, up 21% year-on-year. Security revenue grew 18%. Our information intelligence group revenue was roughly flat and VMware revenue grew an impressive 48%. Now let's take a closer look at some of the details within these business units. Within storage in the high end, Symmetrix product revenues were up 32% year-on-year as customers are embracing the capabilities of our high end solution. As the most powerful scalable storage solution on the market today V-Max clearly addresses customers needs as they build out their private cloud infrastructures. Our fully automated storage tiering software known as FAST is driving higher rate of SSD and ATA based storage in these systems, resulting in huge performance and cost improvements for our customers. As anticipated, following the introduction of FAST, we have seen penetration rates continue to rise in terms of SSD capacity per system, percentage of systems shift with SSD and the proportion of systems being shipped with FAST. The combination of SSD and ATA drives with FAST software yields a solution with performance, scalability and cost effectiveness that's unmatched by our competitors. Our VPLEX platform, which we announced in May, is a net new opportunity and it's proving to be a unique differentiator that is resonating with customers. Its technology is very complementary to tiered storage as the combination of tiering with the mobility from VPLEX creates entirely new usage models that's an ideal virtual storage infrastructure for the private cloud. As we said with virtualization we're apt to consolidate it onto one server and then could be mobilized over many servers. Virtual storage creates an elastic tool of storage within which you can tier data and with VPLEX move data across arrays within and between data centers. Our technology lead also extends to our mid-tier storage offerings. As you will recall, last quarter we expanded our disclosure to give you better insight into our progress in the mid-tier overall taking into account the mix shift occurring among our mid-tier products. The many used cases mobile technology that’s available in the mid-tier have driven customers to demand ease of use and simplicity as well as the right technology for the right job. The strength and breadth of our technology portfolio helps to satisfy these customer requirements better than anyone else. Our approach is to continue to invest in our market leading log file and object storage products while converging technologies and products where it makes sense for simplicity and efficiency.  This ongoing strategy resulted in mid-tier product growth in Q2 increasing to 33% year-on-year. Sequential growth was 12%. This is very good growth especially given the fact that the majority of our mid-tier revenue currently comes from the high end of the mid-tier markets. In addition to being the overall leader in mid-tier storage, EMC continues to be the leader in the more mature private channel only mid-tier markets. While fiber, while the fiber channel market is very important, we are also seeing higher growth opportunities in other areas of the mid-tier. Some of this growth is in the form of a mix shift from traditional fiber only products to next generation products like our very successful D-Dupe products and the fast growing unified multiprotocol NS Celerra offerings we introduced a few years ago. For example what might have traditionally been a CLARiiON Disk Library sale might now be a date of demand D-Dupe deal. As the mid-tier market continues to evolve we're in lockstep with customers making the transition to next generation solutions. What really sets our mid-tier solutions apart is our technology edge coupled with simplicity and efficiency and this is driving our growth across the mid tier. EMC is considerably more efficient from a capacity standpoint versus competitive solutions and we guarantee it. EMC enables better scalability to customers wanting to add capacity while retaining high-performance and high storage utilization levels. EMC is optimized for virtual environments in ways that make a notable difference to the customer resulting EMC being the clear storage vendor choice in virtualized environments. Much of this preference is due to the efforts we've made to have the best integration with VMware virtual environments. For example, EMC is the only storage vendor to full support the four VMware storage APIs, for vCenter Site Recovery Manager, Data Protection, Multipathing and the just introduced Array Integration API. EMC puts more effort and resources into tight-integration and customers can tell the difference. Today, EMC has far and away the largest installed base in VMware environments and according to a spending intention survey recently conducted by major independent analyst firm, VMware customers are more than twice as likely to choose EMC for storage than any other vendor. As you know, software functionality is increasingly the key to competitive differentiation in the mid-tier and this quarter we'll be shipping exiting new next-gen software technologies that further extend the capabilities of our market leading CLARiiON and Celerra platforms. Since announcing these technologies that EMC rolled in May, customer anticipation has been very high as it offers a set of functionalities that no other vendor can match. We're releasing a major step forward in management with Unisphere with an advanced and easy to interface to manage both Celerra and CLARiiON. We're building on our unique FAST technology in the mid-tier with FAST V2, which delivers sub-LUN performance analysis and data relocation. We're providing customers with a new capability called FAST Cache, enabling customers to utilize solid state storage to increase cache size for burst requirements and we're introducing block compression for primary storage which yields an average of 50% improvement in storage consumption. So to summarize our position in the mid-tier, first of all EMC is already the acknowledged leader in the traditional mid-tier SAN and NAS environments. Secondly, EMC is also leading in some of the most important new technologies such a D-Dupe, unified storage and virtualization affinity. And third, EMC continues to add major next-generation software functions that further extend our technological lead. When you put it all together, EMC is the only company at this position to cross the mid-tier. Our competitive edge continues to grow and as a result it's pretty clear that EMC should be able continue to gain share in the mid-tier. Before moving on, I know there has been a lot of interest in our strategy around our unified product family. So let me clarify this a bit for you. For a number of viewers, we've offered multi-protocol storage on one hardware platform, namely SAN, both fiber channel and iCSCI0: and NAS in the box, and this multi-protocol Celerra, this multi-protocol NS Celerra, has been one of our fastest growing products ever since. As I already said, in a few weeks we're releasing a single management interface, Unisphere for our block and file functionalities. What we're maintaining is our market leading SAN and NAS technologies that have been optimized for different data requirements customers have because one size does not fit all when it comes to these requirements. In essence NS Celerra now has best of breed file-and-block functionality via advanced next generation software including a single management interface, fast cache, D-Dupe and compression on one common high performance hardware platform. This combination presents a most cost effective, most reliable and easy to use unified solution whilst retaining the native functionalities that customers value. I might also add that we have recently integrated Atmos with Celerra adding object capabilities to our flagship unified storage platform. And as I mentioned earlier, our success in the mid-tier has come principally from the higher end of the market. We plan to extend our success in the mid-tier to the faster growing lower end of the market with a new product family featuring EMC's market leading technologies, a price that will be very competitive in this space. As such we are also investing in the right people, the right partners to aggressively market this new family which we expect formally introduce very early, next year. Our backup recovery systems business had another stellar quarter and continue overachieve against plans in Q2. When we acquired Data Domain a year ago, we had a pretty good idea of the power that could be unleashed by combining their data de-duplication technology with Avamar and our sensitive customer reach and in Q2 revenue from Avamar and Data Domain continue to grow from the $1 billion revenue run-rate we reported last quarter. There is great demand for this simple and efficient next generation backup technology because it addresses one of the biggest paying points in the data center. We acquired over 350 new Data Domain customers in Q2 alone and more than 200 Avamar customers. Our BRS division continues to make strides against competitors with a release earlier this week of several new capabilities, including a new mid-range system that leverages Nehalem technology to drive high levels of performance and capacity, a de-duplication expansion option for EMC disk library for mainframe and increased scalability of the EMC disk library series. In short, this division is performing very well and the acquisition of the Data Domain completed a year ago this Friday has a ratio in [Cell-3] one of our best ever. Clearly we are gaining share in storage and the reasons for that are straightforward. Customers are not only seeking out larger trusted vendors with established track records but they want a partner with a clear road map, innovative products and a breadth of capabilities for taking full advantage of cloud efficiencies going forward. EMC fits the bill in both areas. Our RSA security revenue growth accelerates in Q2 to 18% year-on-year, coming in at $173 million. We saw strength across the board in security. Archer is driving and we're benefiting from the combination of its audit capabilities with our security information and event management and data loss prevention technologies. More than ever deal discussions are taking place at the CIO and CISO level together as customers seek security that is built and round bolted on. Our data centric approach is especially resent with customers and security will enable us for broader adoption of cloud infrastructures. Accordingly we continue to invest to leverage our unique position and take advantage of the immense opportunity to secure these next-gen infrastructures. Our information intelligence group formerly known as content management archiving reporting revenues of $178 million, relatively flat from the last years Q2. Our xCP composition platform and our e-discovery solutions are resonating well with customers. VMware revenue within EMC grew 48% year-on-year to $673 million. This Q2 record revenue was driven by strength across geographies, products and customer segments from SMB up through the enterprise. Virtualization of the server infrastructure is the first step towards cloud computing and it's clear that customers are laying the foundation for their cloud architectures with VMware. This is not surprising, given the gains and flexibility efficiency in cost savings that cloud architectures offer and the fact that VMware technology is several generations ahead of competitors. Our four business units together represent the combined power of information and virtual infrastructures. The same fundamental shift in IT is driving the success of each and together we continue to move forward under a shared vision and strategic direction to fully capture the opportunities that bounds over the next several years as customers embark on a journey to private cloud. Our VCE coalition is addressing its mission to accelerate the proliferation of cloud infrastructures. Customers are eager to start realizing the benefits of reduced cost and improved business agility. They are looking to VCE as a means to get there because it provides a way to significantly reduce risks, costs and time to value with ready to deploy cloud infrastructures. A recent survey by Data Monitor and UBS indicated that the VCE coalition is far and way the preferred solution for data sensor modernization. Our consulting business also continues to thrive by guiding customers transitions to virtual data center architectures as EMC is a trusted advisor within the enterprise that enables customers to move forward with confidence. As the only player offering virtual server and virtual storage infrastructures, coupled with advanced IT security and compliance in information intelligence, EMC is squarely focused on helping customers make this transaction to next generation private and public clouds. Let me now give you a bit more color about what else happened in the quarter looking at our geos. All our geographies contributed to year-over-year revenue growth in the quarter with revenue up 28% in North America, 18% in EMEA, 20% in APJ and 22% in Latin America. In North America we did see some weakness in federal governments that was more than offset by growth in financial services, CME and the commercial markets. Our International mix stood at 47% in Q2 with the largest portion of foreign revenue coming from Europe. Within Europe there was some weakness in Spain, Portugal and Greece and this was more than offset by strength in the U.K., France, Northern Europe, Eastern Europe and Russia. Our growth in APJ was led by strength in India and China. Our force in the brick for 13 emerging markets is yielding good growth again with future revenue growth of over 30%. And as you can see EMC is a global company with operation in dozens of countries. Internationally we do some business in dollars and come in local currieries. Some local currency businesses is hedged and some is not and in some markets we have local pricing plans and not in others. Given these and other factors, non-dollar currency effects are obviously a complex internal equation and pretty much impossible to calculate from an external perspective. So given your interest in this topic, I will try to net out the impact for your modeling purposes. While currency was neutral to our results in Q2, based on where rates were at June 30, we expect the currency will now be a 1 point head win for the full year 2010. Now let's take a look at some the income statement balance sheet items, I'm Q2, EMC reported non-GAAP gross margin of 60.1%, non-GAAP operating margin of 20.7%, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.28. Free cash flow for the last 12 months was $3.1 billion, up over 20% in the comparable period, and about $800 million higher than trailing 12 months non-GAAP net income.  The excellent growth across this metrics demonstrate improvements we've made to our business model over the last couple of years are yielding a resulting the results we expected. The Q2 non-GAAP tax rate was 24%. We now expect a full-year non-GAAP tax rate to be close to 21%. This increase is due to high expected contribution of profits from the U.S. due to currency a well as some other factors.  We do still expect the U.S. R&D tax credit to take effect later this year. DSOs came in 45 days, compared to 52 for the second quarter of 2009. Inventory turns were 8.2, compared to 7.8 a year ago, and deferred revenue is up nearly $100 million from last quarter. We ended the quarter with $10.8 billion of cash; of this a total $6.2 billion was held in the U.S. with the remainder overseas.  We spent $341 million in the quarter buying back 18.6 million shares of EMC stock almost twice our Q1 level bringing it up to over $500 million on EMC share repurchases so far this year. We still expect to spend a $1 billion on EMC stock for the end of the year. In addition, EMC spent $99 million buying VMware shares, and VMware spent $130 million buying back VMware shares. Our VMware business is a key enabler to making our cloud vision a reality. While customer transition to the cloud is underway, the majority of the journey lies ahead of us, which is why we see the purchases of EMC and VMware's excellent investments. As we look to the second half of 2010, our expectations to economic growth and IT spending for the full-year really haven’t changed that much.  IT spending still looks to be up around 3 to 5% with addressable market stronger, up around 6 to 8%. As the beginning of the year, we said we expected a economic recovery would be moderate with some bumps in the road, and this is what we've seen. There are a few factors we didn't specifically anticipate, so it's the relative weakness of the euro and pound, a high projected tax rate and more cautious government spending in the U.S. and Europe, and we obviously monitoring the impact of this very closely.  However, in spite these challenges, based on the level of customer interest in our strategy and solutions combined with the strength of our businesses including storage in VMware we now expect what we would like to see our previous outlook of $16.5 billion of revenue and $1.18 in non-GAAP EPS in 2010. Our Q2 results indicates that we are on the right track strategically and executing well on our triple play. We see no reason why we cannot continue to maintain this triple play over the long-term. When thinking about this, it is worth noting that since we start expanding, EMC's addressable markets in 2004, EMC's growth is impressive with annual average revenue growth of 12% and annual average non-GAAP EPS growth of 19%. This is excellent performance over the six year period which included the '08, and '09 recession.  So today, our strategy is clear. The business model and operating model are in place. Our investments continue to pay off, and the private cloud opportunity is very big. EMC has never been better positioned for success than it is right now and as a result we believe we can continue to deliver double-digit revenue and double-digit earning growth for the next several years. I'll now turn the call over to Joe who will provide some color on what we're seeing in 2010, and explain why we are confident about double-digit growth going forward. Joe?
Joe Tucci: Well, thanks David. I would like to begin by adding my welcome to all of you who are attending today's conference call, thanks for joining us. Overall, I was very pleased with our performance in Q2. We posted solid year-over-year and sequential growth numbers while establishing EMC and VMware as thought leader in the next major wave of computing, mainly the transformation of IT to IT as a service, commonly called cloud computing. This success would not have been possible without the hard work and dedication of the more than 45,000 people of EMC and VMware around the world. I want to thank them for their leadership and congratulate them on their accomplishments. I believe the top question on your mind has to be around the pockets of uncertainty that seem to pop up around the world and their affect on the global economy, and more specifically, how does will manifest itself in IT spending going forward. As we have said before, we at EMC expected and planned for our recovery in 2010, but we always believe it would be choppy. So, perhaps the best way to look at IT spending trends is by geography. The U.S. market continues to be good with good prospects. Our customers here are investing in information technologies to increase their levels of productivity while managing risk with a maniacal focus on maintaining solid compliance with their policies, best practices and laws of the land while ensuring proper governance and oversight. Turning to the international markets; in Europe, we are seeing moderate growth in IT spend, except in Southern Europe, we're definitely seen slowdown in IT purchases. In Latin America, the Middle-East, Africa, China, Southeast Asia and selected Eastern European countries, IT spending is robust and is exhibiting very solid double-digit growth. And lastly in Japan, we've seen that spending is now improving a bit. And as David has already said, we were not affected by currency rates in Q2, but we most likely will be in the second half of this year. I want to make it clear however, that with only 47% of our revenues coming from the international markets, I truly believe we have ample opportunity for solid international growth despite likely currency fluctuations. We at EMC believe that international revenues should make up well over 50% of our total revenues and we are squarely focused on investing in this growth opportunity for EMC. Of importance to global markets to virtualization storage, data protection and data security markets were consolidating EMC as the leader. We'll continue to grow faster in the IT market as a whole. And again what adds confidence to this growth statement is the thought leadership, innovations and strong product mode of roadmap we have in the next new way of IT, cloud computing. It is our firm belief that cloud computing will happen in both enterprise IT shops as customers transform the IT datacenters into private clouds as well as in the service provider community, we build out an extensive number of very large public clouds. These transformations will give CIOs the capabilities to offer their customers whether they are internal customers or external customers, the mass of benefits of IT as a service, namely the ability to run applications, more flexibly at a lower cost, while assuring that the attendant policies and service levels are here too. To assure, we capitalize on this master cloud opportunity, consolidated EMC is focused in our technology and go to-market resources on providing our customers with a path, a measured journey to the private cloud. First and foremost, VMware is advancing its leading virtualization technologies into a full fledge, next generation data center cloud operating system with innovative and integrated, management, automation and orchestration software. Last week’s introduction of VSphere 4.1 is a major deliverable towards that goal. VM also uniquely automates both existing applications as well as reaching out to the new wave development communities that tend to develop applications in a framework context. A powerful benefit to customers as a journey to the private cloud. VMware also has a significant technology play in bringing their virtualization technology to client devices allowing for the provisioning of an individual user rather than provisioning the constantly changing C of new devices that seem to come out as almost daily. On the information side, EMC is focused on storing, managing, protecting and securing the incredible amount of new digital information that this world continues to create with price performance levels that the future cloud world will demand. IDC in a recent White Paper estimated that the amount of digital information that is created will grow remarkable, a remarkable 44 times during 2009 and 2020. EMC is heavily investing in innovative information technologies like V-Max, a new category storage that scales both up and out, or bring unmatched cost performance functionality and reliability. Technologies like unified storage or converged fiber channel, SAN, NAS and iSCSI environments again featuring leading functionality for mid-tier storage platforms. We are investing in game changing cloud technologies like VPLEX our Virtual Storage product. VPLEX provides new capabilities like active/active data over distance and information federation across cloud data centers. Since most of the new information has been created as object base, EMC is investing heavily on special like cloud storage for this important category of information storage software called Atmos. We are investing in technologies like FAST or fully automated storage tiering that moves data automatically and constantly with the policy and service levels our customer choose between flash drives, fiber channel drives, SATA drives and SSD drives were the data is de-duplicated and compressed fastest and short innovative technology that assures ultra-high performance when called for will also optimize the total system for lowest cost. We are investing in technologies for data protection, changing the backup paradigm from slow unpredictable backup the tape to the backup the disk with best in class data de-duplication and compression technologies to offer customers speed of recovery, reliability recovery and low cost. We are investing in technologies that secure data itself and access to the data while assuring stellar, GRC metrics. A quick preview of things to come is later this year. We released the capability to encrypt data at rest on array itself. That’s fully integrated with RSA's key management software that is most cost effective and has very high performance, and lastly we are investing heavily in our customers to gain value from their information, to help our customers gain value from their information. Greenplum our most recent acquisition provides organization with real time insight from vast amounts of data. Greenplum’s unique naturally parallel scale out architecture provides the ability to handle big data and delivers information intelligence in real time. We also continue to extend our Documentum's to offer portfolios to help our customers to better leverage information that is vital to their business. With our new document xCP platform we are enabling companies to move from traditional and complex enterprise concept management applications to far more flexible case management applications. In short, xCP dramatically reduces the amount of custom code that is typically required, thus saving customer’s time and money.  Another important piece of our cloud strategy is the deep partnership and alliances that we have built with other leading IT companies. Partners like Cisco via our VCE coalition. And I'm happy to report that under the leadership of Michael Capellas, VCE reception by our customers has been nothing short of remarkable and Vblocks sales are well ahead of plan. I'm also pleased to report that our partnership with Dell is back on track, and is very strategic to both companies. Our Q2 mid-tier storage revenues were roughly flat year-on-year with Dell, and we fully expect to have year-on-year mid-tier growth with them in the second half. Our partnerships with system integrators such as Accenture, CSC, Capgemini, Wipro, TCS and Deloitte and others continue to grow strategically and tactically. And lastly, on the service provider front we are building a number of very deep alliances and we will be talking to you soon about our initiatives and plans here. In summary, EMC is executing very well in today’s IT market. We have a strong product and technology portfolio and the go-to-market prowess to create the opportunities that the next wave of IT cloud computing will offer. Thus I reaffirm our belief that we can achieve double-digit growth rates over the long-term. Let me now turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Joe. Before we open the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarifications. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. We open up the lines for questions, please.
Operator:  Thank you. We will now begin the formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Alex Kurtz, Merriman & Co., you make ask your question.
Alex Kurtz - Merriman & Co.:  Yeah. Thanks for taking the question. David, given the launch of all these new products in the mid-range, especially, around Unisphere, could you take us through the puts and takes on the gross margin impact given that the profile of the mid-range business is very different probably going in the next couple of years than it was when it was just CLARiiON and Celerra standalone products?
David Goulden:  Well, I think Alex, what we talked about is the fact that the software stock becomes more and more important in the mid-range and as the software content in the mid-range platform increases, then that’s a good thing for gross margins going forward.
Alex Kurtz - Merriman & Co.: Okay. And if you look, just this is follow up. V-Max seemed very strong in the quarter. Was that sort of a core driver for strength in gross margin within the core business group, or were there some other drivers that we should be thinking about?
David Goulden: No. Within the storage business, we saw a nice sequential growth in gross margin. On the product side, we had some good mix impact. If you look, obviously sequentially, actually, V-Max was relatively flat. But we did see good growth in the DD products, and a couple of other things that are driving higher margins. Obviously, volume helped us with the gross margins on the product side and on the services side; we actually saw a nice pickup in our professional services margin due to higher utilization. On the customer services side, revenue increase to be continued to keep our cost base relatively flat as we improve the efficiency of that business. So, good improvements across the board sequentially in the core business in margins.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Alex. Next question please. 
Operator:  Aaron Rakers of Stifel Nicolaus, you may ask your question.
Aaron Rakers :  Yeah, congratulations on the quarter. My question is also on the margin, though more so on the operating margin side. If I look back historically guys, for the second half relative to the first half of the year, it looks like ex-2009 you were able to drive about 200 to maybe even 300 basis points of operating margin expansion. Yesterday, we saw VMware raised their operating margin target for the full-year. You guys today talk about lowering or tempering your R&D growth for the full-year. So I'm curious of why 20 to 21% can't actually be moved higher here given those puts and takes.
 Stifel Nicolaus:  Yeah, congratulations on the quarter. My question is also on the margin, though more so on the operating margin side. If I look back historically guys, for the second half relative to the first half of the year, it looks like ex-2009 you were able to drive about 200 to maybe even 300 basis points of operating margin expansion. Yesterday, we saw VMware raised their operating margin target for the full-year. You guys today talk about lowering or tempering your R&D growth for the full-year. So I'm curious of why 20 to 21% can't actually be moved higher here given those puts and takes.
David Goulden: Let me just, kind of a point you mentioned upon R&D, it’s a very minor change and certainly it's less than $15 million. So it doesn’t reboot the needle on margins. We still have internal plans to hire to up the 20s, to the 20% level, but we're just not quite on track against that right now.
Joe Tucci: Let me just add a little color. We have not cut back R&D budgets. Our R&D teams are still in coverage to find the best people, very high quality people and staff up. Obviously they're been vey picky in day-to-day, they hire and its -- they are hiring a little slower than actually I would like, but we are not cutting back R&D budgets. This is just kind of a reality. Go ahead, David.
David Goulden:  Right so, on that base -- that’s a very small factor in variable margin performance. I think what you've got to recognize is that 2010 is not really a normal year. And trying to apply normality to 2010 I think is going to get us into a little bit of trouble. What I mean by that is clearly mentioned in Q1, and we saw the impacts of composite budget flush obviously we've done a little bit better than we expected in Q2.  But I talked to you about some factors in the second half that are going to impact those kind of normal year-on-year compared and we've got some significant currency head wins in the second half, which is going to obviously impact our top line and most of the things that drive the margin improvement historically from the first half to second half is kind of volume related. You got to tie it back to that. We still feel comfortable in the 20 to 21% range, and obviously we'd like to come in towards the higher end of that. We are not going to increase that this point in time.
Tony Takazawa : Okay, thanks Aaron. Next question please.
Operator: Brian Marshall, Gleacher & Company. You may ask your question.
Brian Marshall - Gleacher & Company: Hi, thanks for taking my question. With regards to the second half outlook, due to some of the potential product transitions that might be occurring down the road in the mid-range, do you think its likely that V-Max will actually outgrow the mid-range and in the unified products in the second half of the year?
Joe Tucci: V-Max, because it’s a new category, and I keep referring to that traditionally all high-end systems which is still true today with the exception of V-Max scale-up. V-Max, we can now add, we call engines which are servers to have it just scale out and when we do that, to add a server and put a whole tier of SATA drives or D-Dupe's or in the future, even D-Dupe SATA drives there. I think it makes it very effective to consolidate a lot of mid-tier platforms. So some of our growth is coming out of the higher end of mid-tier as we consolidate mid-tier platforms so while V-Max, you can think of it as a high-end platform and certainly it is, it is definitely, definitely have an impact on the mid-tier as we consolidate there.
Brian Marshall - Gleacher & Company: Thanks Joe. And as a quick follow-up, I would assume that would have a positive margin impact as well?
Joe Tucci: As we've said many times, ironically they're both good. If we grow mid-tier we get good margins. If we grow to high-end we get good margins. So its not -- they are not as substantially different as they were at one time years ago.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Brian. Next question, please?
Operator: Ben Reitzes of Barclays, you may ask your question.
Ben Reitzes : Hey, thanks a lot. Can you guys talk about velocity of business throughout the quarter, and into next, and what you think about second half seasonality given currency? I guess it's about 150 million of a currency hit you guys are talking about for the second half that you absorb. So what is that due to seasonality that you expect as we go into the third and fourth quarter, and how you exited the second quarter?
 Barclays: Hey, thanks a lot. Can you guys talk about velocity of business throughout the quarter, and into next, and what you think about second half seasonality given currency? I guess it's about 150 million of a currency hit you guys are talking about for the second half that you absorb. So what is that due to seasonality that you expect as we go into the third and fourth quarter, and how you exited the second quarter?
Joe Tucci:  Yeah Ben, you got the math right on the currency impacts, from where we though we were back in April, obviously all the math was based year-over-year, the currency impacts bigger than that, but compared to where we thought we were back n April, the currency change is about a $150 million because we thought for the full year we would be roughly flat back then. So, that is a factor, during the call in Q2 we were back to regularly normal seasonality, we mentioned that we saw some earlier seasonality in Q1 because of some kind of spillover, but I think what we saw in Q2 was a more normal demand environment, I think we really put our over achievements down to the fact that people just had a better appetite for our products and services because they are just satisfying customers paying points well. So, I think those accounts the key factors, I think one of the biggest differences that you mentioned before from were we were in April was that currency head wins.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays : And then heading into the back half what do you think that you have enough momentum with the new products that’s coming and new software and the V-Max and what not, to have normal seasonality in the back half?
Joe Tucci: Well I think that, if you just look at kind at our guidance, we came out of the first half, obviously it was down, I don’t expect you, but when we look ahead we are very confident any what we were seeing in the second half in terms of customer acceptance for our products and services and in fact we have -- we've raised our guidance, we said that we’re going to beat what we talked about in April. So, we are more confident now then we were in April, especially when you normalize some of the head wins.
Ben Reitzes - Barclays : Okay, thank you.
Tony Takazawa:  Thank you Ben, next question please.
Operator:  Mark Kelleher of Brigantine Advisors. You may ask your question.
Mark Kelleher - Brigantine Advisors:  Great, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to focus on the federal government vertical. There is some big initiatives there to move IT out into the cloud that seems like it should be right near [wheelhouse]. Can you tell us what you're seeing there? You said there were some weakness, what's the dynamic and visibility in the federal government.
Joe Tucci:  Yeah, I think it's -- unfortunately markets both. If you talk to the powers to be in the IT and federal government, they are very sold on the cloud and I truly believe that they release the capability that the collective weighing if CBM were to bring to the party and that’s goodness, on the other side you also saw that they kind of try to put a bit of a freeze on IT spending so we saw a little bit of weakness in Q2. And as David said, governments around the world as they try to -- kind of reign in their spending a bit. So, we kind of have one good work from column A and one kind of negative trend from column B and I actually think they are both true. So, I do think that the government will make a massive play there is much more efficient way in and much more flexible way to do IT instead of cloud and we will benefit from that. And on the other said as the government cuts back in its day-to-day spending, you get hurt by that side.
Mark Kelleher - Brigantine Advisors: Normal seasonality for the government in the Q3?
Joe Tucci:  If I was guessing and it is a guess right now because we will see how Q3 unfolds, but obviously I probably believe Q3 will -- even though it's the government’s fiscal end and it's usually strong, I think it will be a little softer than normal. Although, you'll see some uptick obviously from Q2 but probably not as big as normal.
Mark Kelleher - Brigantine Advisors:  Okay, great thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Mark, next question please.
Operator:  Ittai Kidron from Oppenheimer, you may ask your question.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Thank you, and congrats on good numbers, can you give me some more color on the mid-tier, you mentioned 33% year-over-year growth, but if you take out back up and recovery Avamar and Data Domain, what was the growth of the other businesses, CLARiiON specifically and Celerra.
Joe Tucci:  I want to break it out into front line, so let me tell you that if you added a team revenues from Data Domain a year ago, the growth actually increased a little bit from Q1. Remember we said that apples-to-apples growth in Q1 was 20% comparable apples-to-apples growth in Q2 is 21%. So, then of course in that as we mentioned we got different transitions going on within the products, it doesn’t make sense to breakout numbers for the individual products themselves.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: Just to follow-up on that, in your discussions with your customers given that this expectation of a new platform, are you seeing any customers delaying or sitting on the sidelines and waiting for the new platform to come along, any purchasing decisions delayed because of this?
Joe Tucci: Yeah. Let me say two things. The number that David gave you that was little bit over 21% growth year-on-year is the way to look at it because you really as David said our sales force is good and has a lot of sway with customers and for sure we would have sold some more of our own devices like CLARiiON and disk library, which now we are forcing and it's setting our sales force to shift data to the main product. So, the best way to look at this is apples-to-apples is assuming we owned Data Domain a year ago, and we obviously do own them today.  That difference in growth all in mid-tier right, which is meeting the product only is over 21%, so it's very solid growth and it's real growth. The second question you're asking is you want more color I think on what our plans are for mid-tier refresh. We started and worked incredibly successfully with -- when we announced, before we announced VPLEX. What we did is put out a big piece of the software to bake into our then DMX-4 line, so that you're not announcing all new software and all new hardware at the same time.  We basically, like that model so much, and customers adopted it so much. We are doing the same thing now. So, what you just saw and David took you through FAST Cache Unisphere several other, and there is a pretty good laundry list of products, that is the new operating system that will be on the refreshed hardware products. We told you, David just told you that our new low-end, right, our new low-end will be introduced in Q1, all right? We also told you the fastest growing piece at mid-tier by far is and I mean by far is the low-end.  So, we are very optimistic about this new low-end, and that the impact it's going to have. 
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer: All right then.
Joe Tucci: So, last piece you want to know is when we are going to introduce the high end of mid-tier? I got have some surprises in life. So, I'm not going to give you that one, but again software first. We told you when we are going to do the low-end, and our -- we -- I like our position in the mid-tier, I think it's going to continue to get stronger and stronger.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Richard Gardner from Citi, you may ask your question.  
Richard Gardner - Citi: Okay, thanks. I just, one quick one and then a follow-up. Dave, last quarter you were willing to give us actually a point number for the mid-range revenue. I was wondering if you would be willing to give that number again this quarter.
David Goulden: Richard, I told you it was up 12% so you can figure it out. 
Richard Gardner - Citi:  Okay, very good, and then I wanted to follow-up on an earlier question. Regarding operating margins, I think you can make a -- I know that you are as such not ready to take up your operating margin guidance from the 20 to 21 level for the current year, but it does seem like you can make a pretty compelling case for a continued rise in information storage margins. Thanks to increasing software mix, and hardware cost improvements over time, and I'm just wondering if philosophically that's the right way to think about things longer-term or whether you will chose to actively manage long-term operating margins to the 20 to 21% level and invest most of that back into top line growth.
David Goulden: I think I kind of give you a couple of key hints on that but let me make it clearer. First of all, we should be very pleased that we have operating margins to where we are today for a long period of time, we've been striving to get operating margin north of 20, we are there today, and I think that’s actual progress and obviously results is a result of what we've done in terms of mix and cost management and a whole bunch of good things across the business. Also, I have talked you about our triple play where we want to have a balance between gain market share, investing for the future and improving profitability. We said the over long-term we will be focused on being able to deliver all three of those. There will be some balance between anyone over a period of time but overtime, we plan to deliver all three. So, we do have an eye upon expanding operating margins overtime but also we talked about a significant investment in cloud software, repositioning so we can position ourselves to our public and private clouds. So, we'll have a balance between all three. We've committed also over the next few years, we'll give at least double-digit revenue and double-digit earnings growth. So, I think we've given a number of indicators to say that we are suppose to follow, but we were certainly not going backwards and we will overtime be able to expand our operating margins as well. It's really balanced and we’ll play that balance carefully and we'll communicate to you where we are any point in time in that balance.
Richard Gardner - Citi: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Kaushik Roy of Wedbush, you may ask your question.
Kaushik Roy - Wedbush: Thanks. Congratulations, good numbers. One clarification, in the prepared remarks you mentioned, the metrics product revenues grew 32% year-over-year and mid-tier products revenues grew 33% year-over-year but in the press release the total products are up only 27% year-over-year, can you help us understand that?
David Goulden: Just look at the press release and see what you are referring to.  
Kaushik Roy - Wedbush: The storage product, its [2077], which is up 27%.
David Goulden: Yes, you're looking at the schedule attached to the press release and looking at storage broad growth. While, still there are some other things in there including things like SAN Switches, some resold products product through our select line, there are other things in the total storage product, we gave you the kind of two major parts of it.
Kaushik Roy - Wedbush: And then mid-tier product revenues, it's up 32%, is it apples-to-apples that means does it include a Data Domain as if you had Data Domain in Q2?
Joe Tucci : No. The apples to apples is slightly over 21%.
David Goulden: Apples-to-apples growth to mid-tier is 21% as mentioned little bit at 33% is the reported revenue growth. Now as we said, the real way to count or judge our performance in how we're doing in the mid-tier is the 21%. Which again, we think is good given our position in the high-end of the mid-tier but also I think our sequential improvement’s in the mid-tier is 12% "it's also a good indicator".
Joe Tucci: Again, just netted out in the mid-tier, we're kind of killing it in the higher end because you got to also add not only the 21 but part of that reason that will be maximum through 32 is we're consolidating mid-tier there too. So, if we put that again, you can say, you're doing really well in mid-tier in the higher ends. And we really don’t have a big play at in the lower ends which we now are growing faster. So, that's the common we gave to date but at which is really Q1.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Wamsi Mohan, Bank of America. You may ask your questions.
Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America: Hi, thanks a lot. Can you talk a little bit about your longer term enterprise data or housing strategy which can be a meaningful adjacent market? It seems like an obvious extension to your current strategy but I'm curious you choose to not to go after a more established bear like a tier data and enter the market for scale as opposed to what could take some time with Greenplum to capture a meaningful part of the market.
Joe Tucci: We will do more of this as it goes, but let me give you a short piece of our thinking. Traditionally, the data warehouse market looks at last months, last weeks kind of data and more and more customers want to look at real time data that’s in their coming out of their systems right now and obviously when you get to cloud kind of scale what do you want do you want to take your card to put data into the cloud, you don’t want to take data out of the cloud specialize it to do a analytics on right? So, basically the Greenplum technology works extremely well better than anything else we saw in the market in that kind of environment. So, we are here talking about real time. When you are talking about big data, when you are talking about cloud scale data we think the attributes of Greenplum and the way it also works with in the virtualized environment is phenomenal. So, we went after what we thought was the best technology and we got plenty of go to market prowess surrounded and as you said it's a close affinity to what we do. So, we are quite pleased, this plays out for our future strategy.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Wamsi. Next question please.
Operator:  Louis Miscioscia of Collins Stewart, you may ask your question.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart:  Yes. Thank, can you go back to the macro for a second. I guess when you look at this two different ways. One, last night on VMware's call, they did express a lot of concern about Europe and then second Joe, when you are talking to C level executives what are they telling you about their desire to continue to spend on IT given the concern about the macro-economy.
Joe Tucci: I mean as I said in my remarks, the biggest thing that the executives are interested in is driving their productivity, okay which you could say on the other side hurts a little bit in terms of the unemployment that’s out there but everybody right now because the company say look I got to get, it's a uncertain world, I got to get differentiation out there and I want to drive my productivity and they know that probably the only way to do that is to invest in technology and I think that’s one of the things that’s benefiting IT as a whole right now and as I said on the other side the big back of the chunk that I mentioned is at the Board level the focus on risk management and compliance is phenomenal. So, those as a macro side those are the two things that we see out there and you can almost you see that globally. Certainly you will see it in United States and Europe.
Louis Miscioscia - Collins Stewart: And then as we just think of the comments last night where VMware did seem much more cautious on Europe than maybe your comments, or maybe just clarify your views on Europe.
Joe Tucci: We still think Europe will have moderate growth as I said with the exception of Southern Europe where I did say we are seeing definite downturn in their spending.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, next question please.
Operator:  Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley, you may ask your question.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley:  Thanks. Good morning and congrats on the quarter. Just a follow-up on the last question. IBM had noted some deal push-outs, large deal push-outs in the services business. Did you see any deal slippage at the end of your quarter and just qualitatively how would you characterize backlog or the pipeline of deals going into 3Q?
Joe Tucci: We always see some deal push-out, was it material or abnormal in our case, the answer is no and right now so far Q3 the customers, I haven’t seen a huge change in what order, it be 20 days or whatever it is into I don’t even know what day it is but into Q3 I haven’t seen a market change in customer attitude.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Okay thanks.
Tony Takazawa: All right, thanks. We got time for one more question.
Operator:  Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein, you may ask your question.
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein:  Yes, thank you. Joe, you talked about your longer term target to grow revenue double digits and EPS double digit, how are you thinking about acquisition in that target set and maybe, I see the chart over the last seven or eight years, 12% revenues growth. Have you re-run that for what your organic growth rate is, and if you think about your assumptions going forward, how are you thinking about acquisition. Historically, you have maybe done a larger acquisition, $1 billion plus, every couple of years. Is that the kind of framework we should we thinking about sort of a larger acquisition every couple of years, and then smaller ones like Greenplum, potentially more frequently?
Joe Tucci:  The answer is yes. But let me just kind of qualify that. I would argue that, I have always said I have favor a string of pearls as opposed a massive acquisition. And I think, from a revenue standpoint, the biggest company we have bought at $400 million on revenue were something there about. So, when you talk on a base of $6 billion and $0.5 billion plus, certainly, that’s not, I don’t call that big. Okay. But, obviously in dollar value, I would say, you are correct. That would be a trend that you should I think we are going to continue. It’s worked really well, and that’s what I like. I guess, that’s the last question. So, in closing, we believe you are executing well today. Our strategy for the private and public cloud is right on. We have a product roadmap that is well aimed and downright exciting. We have the go-to market capability and the alliance partners necessarily to bring our innovative products to market. And most importantly, we have 45,000 plus great people, who believe in our vision, in our future. I thank you for joining us, and we will be talking to you and I hope to see you all soon. Thank you.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa Joe Tucci - Chairman and CEO David Goulden - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer Ryan Hutchinson – Lazard Mark Kelleher – Brigantine Advisors Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital Maynard Um – UBS Brian Marshall – Broadpoint David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Daniel Ives – FBR Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Bill Shope – Credit Suisse Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Now, I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa.
Tony Takazawa: Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter 2010. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC’s Chairman and CEO and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC’s activities this quarter and discuss our updated outlook for 2010. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC’s execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. All these are available for download within the investor relations section of EMC.com. As always we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These include a lot of financial details so we do encourage you to take a look at them.  The call this morning will contain forward looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ, can be found in EMC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Lastly, I will note that an archive of today’s presentation will be available following the call. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. 
David Goulden: I’m pleased to report that EMC started the year with very solid results in Q1 with revenues of $3.9 billion up 23% from Q1 ’09, non-GAAP EPS of $0.06 up 63% and free cash flow of $1.1 billion also up 63%. These results speak to the strength of our leadership position in some of the most important areas of IT and to the power of our operational model. We clearly executed on our triple play. We gained market share, we invested for the future and we improved profitability. We’re confident that we will continue to execute in all three of these areas going forward. Within these numbers, each of our two businesses had excellent results. Our EMC Information Infrastructure business had a great quarter with $3.3 billion in revenue up 22% year on year and $0.21 of non-GAAP EPS almost double our EPS from last Q1. VMware also had a great quarter contributing $632 million of revenue up 34% year on year and $0.05 of non-GAAP EPS to EMC. Customers are increasing recognizing that VMware is the strategic layer on which to build their next generation cloud data centers. I’ll start off this morning by making some comments about the Q1 spending environment, why EMC is thriving and then I’ll discuss some details from our Q1 results. There are three major factors contributed to our excellent revenue performance this quarter. First of all, based upon what we saw in the marketplace, we think IT spending looks to be on track with what we’ve been expecting, up around 3% to 5% this year. In addition, customer activity and commentary is consistent with the view that our addressable market will be up around 6% to 8% this year. A second factor this quarter was the continuation of some pent up demand that we saw in Q4. EMC Information Infrastructure business the strength is concentrated in the US storage business especially in financial services. While it’s difficult to quantify it was certainly a positive. As a result of these two factors, we think growth in IT spending and our target marketplace in 2010 will end up at the higher end of our projected ranges. Third, and most important, we expect to gain a significant amount of share this year and it seems pretty clear we’re off to a good start in this regard. EMC grew faster than our target market for a number of reasons including our expanding role as a trusted partner with customers, our leading technology in several of the hottest areas of IT today, our proven support and service to back up the technology, and our compelling vision and ability to execute on this vision. As a result, we’re increasingly the best guide for customer’s journeys to private cloud and we believe this competitive advantage is the major factor enabling us to show strong growth and gain share. And it positions us well to continue to gain share going forward. Given this unique combination of strategic market and technology advantages we now anticipate 2010 consolidated revenues of $16.5 billion up 18%, non-GAAP operating margin of 20% to 21% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.18 up 31% from last year. Now let’s take a closer look at some of the financial highlights from the first quarter. As I mentioned, EMC Information Infrastructure revenues were $3.3 billion up 22% year on year. Non-GAAP earnings per share for EMC II were $0.21 up 91% from last year. Free cash flow was a very strong $819 million up 66%. Within these overall numbers, strong demand for our Information Infrastructure products generated revenues of $2.2 billion up 27% from last year while Information Infrastructure services were $1.1 billion up 13%. The fact that products were so much better than services is an encouraging sign that customers are moving forward with their infrastructure investments. EMC Information Infrastructure operating performance for the quarter was also very strong. Non-GAAP gross margins were 53.4% and non-GAAP operating margins were 17.8% in Q1. These substantial year on year improvements stem from higher volumes, a better prospects and the measures we’ve taken to lower and streamline our cost structure. Looking at the revenue results from each of the businesses within Information Infrastructure, Q1 Information Storage revenues were $2.9 billion up 24%. As always, information growth continued to be a key driver. We also saw customers beginning new projects in their existing traditional infrastructures. I looked at both of these was continued growth in the number of customers that are moving to virtual data center infrastructures. All three of these drivers benefited us in the quarter as EMC is a trusted partner not only for customer’s requirements today but also going forward as they embark on their own journeys to a private cloud. In the high end, Symmetrix product revenues were up 28% year on year. Our V-Max transition is essentially complete. Customers are eager to benefit from its more efficient flexible and cost effective technology and we’re clearly gaining share. Today’s applications required architecture scales with their business needs.  In Q1 one of the largest software companies in the world chose V-Max for its ability to scale capacity and performance and to support critical online applications. The combination of proven reliability along with cost effective storage tiering utilizing fiber channel, solid state, and stated drives provided this customer with the best value. Now turning to the Mid-tier, over the last few years we’ve seen a shift in the way customers utilize mid-tier storage. The rapidly changing business environment in this tier increasingly requires the adaptability of multi-protocol systems and growing virtualized serve environment intensify the need for these dynamic storage capabilities.  As a result, customers are increasingly looking for mid-tier storage that’s capable of supporting multiple information types and communication protocols. We have been lock set with customers throughout this transition. For years we’ve been the technology leader in the mid-tier for these capabilities and we began to combine some of them when we introduced our market leading unified products in 2006. While we haven’t previously disclosed our overall mid-tier revenues today we’re expanding our reporting to help you track our progress here. In Q1 our mid-tier storage product revenues were $800 million and grew a very robust 32% year on year. This amounts to a $3.2 billion annualized run rate from our mid-tier product revenues alone. This annualized number is quite conservative as it does not include support, updates or other services revenue and is being annualized based on our seasonally smallest quarter. We gained share in the mid-tier due to the breadth and depth of our portfolio and the world class service and support to back it up. Let me give you a couple of examples from Q1 of how we’re winning in this space. A large medical services company was looking for unified storage, replication, disaster recovery, backup and recovery, the duplication and path managements. We won this multi million dollar deal again NetApp on the strength of our mid-tier portfolio as well as our replication and recovery capabilites within the customers clustered VMware environments. Another win was a global online content services provider who selected EMC over NetApp for a couple of reasons. EMC’s superior role to usable efficiency resulting in lower total cost ownership and compelling duplication and VMware integration.  Our relationship with Dell strengthened in the quarter and we were pleased to announce an expansion of our partnership to include additional mid-tier products. Channel partners including Dell are extremely important to our ongoing success in the mid-tier and we’re very focused on expanding these partnerships.  Our efforts here have really paid off as EMC was recently named 2010 CRN Channel Champion. Channels were a big contributor to our mid-tier business at approximately 75% of our mid-tier product revenues in Q1. It should also be noted that our mid-tier revenues are more weighted towards the high end of the mid-tier markets. We’re excited about the opportunity to expand our footprint into the faster growing low end of the mid-tier and are mobilizing the people, investing in the products, and engaging the partners to make this happen. Our success in the high end of the mid-tier is driven by our ability to satisfy customer’s needs today no matter where they are on their journey to the private cloud. EMC has been leading the charge on most of the important new technology and information infrastructure today. These include virtualization data centers, SSDs and automated storage tiering, and next generation backup and recovery. As our biggest most immediate and most important growth opportunity, the evolution to fully virtualized data centers is where we’re focusing the majority of our efforts. Fundamental to the virtualized data centers is the creation and integration of virtual servers and virtual storage infrastructures. Clearly we are far and away the leader on the service side with VMware. In addition, our unique vision around the virtualization of the information storage infrastructure is resonating with the industry and you can expect to hear more from us soon on how we’re going to make this happen. We also continue to lead the charge in virtualization infinity across our product set both directions. In other words, we are unique in being able to see and manage from storage to virtual machine and from virtual machine to storage and the connections continue to grow. These capabilities are key to new way of thinking about data center design and no company is as well positioned as EMC to help customers. Our fully automated storage tiering software, known as FAST completed its first quarter availability in Q1 including double digit penetration rates in the high end. Customers clearly see the value proposition of having the right data in the right place at the right time. Turning this advanced capability into a feature across our fall solution set further extends our competitive advantage as customers prefer to buy from a partner with a comprehensive solution as opposed to buying point products. Our backup recovery systems business performed ahead of our high expectations. In fact, Data domain and Avamar each accelerated over 100% growth in the quarter. The synergy between these two is key to the acceleration here and these businesses are certainly growing faster than any other duplication technology in the markets. It’s great to see this business systematically capitalize upon opportunities worldwide over EMC’s existing accounts and with net new customers as well. In other storage areas, online backup solution Mozy continued its strategy in the quarter to build its customer base via service providers, adding Comcast to an already long list of partners. Iomega continued to thrive on the unrelenting demand from customers wanting plug and play storage for all their media types. In addition, we’re seeing increased demand from small and medium businesses that want easy to use network storage. In sum, EMC storage business in the quarter outperformed our expectations due to our ability to provide leading edge technology in a comprehensive solution that is supported by our world class of services organization. There is no vendor with a broad and innovative technology solutions set, the depth of experience and a proven track record to provide information infrastructures that can safely and securely transition customers data centers at their own pace to private clouds. Our RSA security revenues in Q1 were $161 million up 13% year on year as information centric security remains a key customer priority. There are several noteworthy events for RSA this quarter including RSA annual marquee security conference and the acquisition of Archer. Delegate’s attendance at the RSA conference was up 25% from last year attesting to the growing importance of IT security. The addition of Archer’s governance, risk and compliance technology complements our existing DLP and envision S-I-E-M tools to create one security management platform. The resulting level of visibility shines a welcome security and compliance spotlight into both physical and virtualized environments. In addition, in Q1 RSA Archer, VMware, and Intel introduced a concept for compliance security and control down to the most fundamental layers of multi-tenant virtualized infrastructure. This is an important early step to help accelerate the growth of x-general clouds. With the addition of Archer, RSA is now the leader in every area in which it competes; authentication, IT GRC, DLP, S-I-E-M and web fraud detection. Revenues from our concept management and archiving division in Q1 were $178 million up 2% from Q1 ’09. We saw increased customer activity with new license growth up 8%, a higher number of big deals done in Q4 and a strong pipeline exiting Q1. Our XEP composition platform for management which is unique in the industry, is garnering a lot of customer interest. In fact, a major European national health system has standardized upon XEP for its health records. A sharper focus on partnerships is also expanding CMAs growth opportunities in 2010. These include our recently announced partnership with FatWire to improve web content management as well as a new relationship with SAP to provide a number of SAP focused ECM solutions, the first of which we plan to announce in the next few weeks. EMC’s global services business once again showed strong results in the quarter with revenues up 13% over last year’s Q1. Our professional and technical services are doing well and our consulting business continues to outperform, benefiting from customers transitions to virtual data center architectures. In fact, EMC consulting expertise was key to winning the first phase of a long term collaboration with a 4100 defense contractor to accelerate transformation of their data centers to a service oriented private cloud model. Such an undertaking requires deep expertise in cloud strategy and architecture as well as the infrastructure products that are being purpose built for such environments. This is why they chose EMC. Our partnership with Cisco continues to gain momentum. In Q1 our VCE coalition was up and running. Its focus on helping customers accelerate their move to cloud infrastructures has really struck a cord and interest has been outstanding. Customers are already in production with V-Blocks and will soon be rolling out a lower end version of the V-Block. Over the next few months you will see exciting announcements from both systems integrators and service providers leveraging the work of this coalition of best of breed technology companies. Now turning to a few highlights from our consolidated results; including both our Information Infrastructure and Virtual Infrastructure businesses. As I mentioned, the EMC Information Infrastructure business has revenues of $3.3 billion, non-GAAP operating margins of 17.8%, and contributed non-GAAP EPS of $0.21 and free cash flow of $819 million. The VMware Virtual Infrastructure business had revenues of $632 million, non-GAAP operating margins of 28.1%, and contributed non-GAAP EPS of $0.05 and free cash flow of $291 million. Together our two businesses had total Q1 consolidated revenues of approximately $3.9 billion, up 23% year on year, non-GAAP operating margins of 19.5% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.26. Free cash flow was $1.1 billion, $561 million higher than Q1 non-GAAP net income. These consolidated results represent the combined power of Virtual Infrastructure and Information Infrastructure. Together we’re moving forward on a shared vision and strategic direction. Additionally, through complementary efforts we’re increasing affinity between the Virtual and Information Infrastructures. This strategic alignment positions us well to execute our triple play to gain market share, to invest in the future, and to improve profitability. As you can see, from our revised 2010 revenue growth guidance of 18% we intent to grow substantially faster than our target market in gained share.  Second, we’re investing for the future. We continue to plan to expand our R&D spend by 20% over last year and we’re further adding to our sales capability worldwide, particularly in emerging markets and the commercial and S&B markets. We now plan to implement a broad base annual compensation review to reward and retain our workforce which has been outstanding throughout what has been a very challenging period. Third, these increased investments; notwithstanding, we expect to further improve profitability. We now expect consolidated non-GAAP operating margin for 2010 to reach between 20% and 21% representing a substantial increase over the levels seen from the past several years. Now a few housekeeping items. Currency added 240 basis point to the year on year revenue growth on a consolidated basis. The Q1 non-GAAP tax rate was 22%, higher than expected as renewal of the US R&D tax credit has not yet been passed. We still expect our full year non-GAAP tax rate to be around 20% as we project the tax rate will occur later this year, possibly as lat as the fourth quarter. Q1 consolidated operating cash flow was $1.3 billion up 53%. The improvements generated these strong results include better revenues which were $4 billion, inventory turns which were eight times, and DSOs which were 40 days. Due to the improvements in our stock price we now expect our fully diluted share count for the year to be around 2.15 billion, the difference from the 2.12 billion we disclosed in January is primarily due to the impact of our convertible debt. We ended Q1 with $10.2 billion in cash and investments; of this a total of $6.2 billion was held in the US with the remainder overseas. In the quarter, we used $176 million of our cash to buy back 10 million shares of EMC stock and spent approximately $290 million on acquisitions.  The program we announced last month to maintain our position in VMware as an approximately 80% majority ownership underscore the important of VMware’s role in the EMC’s strategic direction. We believe maintaining EMC’s ownership in VMware at this level enables us to continue to achieve our original objectives for the publicly offering this stock and also maximized for EMC shareholders over the long term. To this goal, EMC purchased approximately $100 million of VMware stock in Q1. Now looking at our best of breed technologies portfolio our long standing presence in data centers worldwide and a customer trust we have earned, we believe there is no company better positioned to guide customers along their journey to their private cloud and there is no doubt that’s exactly where customers are heading. As this recent survey shows, almost every single CIO spending priority this year is either on technology imports customers on the path to the private cloud or is a benefit of having a private cloud. The first step to building a private cloud is server virtualization and capturing the full benefits of server virtualization requires advanced automation and management capabilities designed for these environments. This is where VMware stands alone. Customers are embracing the new security paradigms that are necessary for private cloud infrastructures to proliferate. As you saw in the quarter, EMC, RSA and VMware are working hard together with partners like Intel on approaches to information centric security that will accelerate the adoption of private cloud infrastructures. Customer interest in cloud computing is really picking up. At EMC our strategy to bridge internal private clouds and external public clouds is spot on.  The ability to virtualize storage infrastructure enables the necessary new remote computer models required for private clouds. EMC has introduced several innovative new offerings in this space and in the very near future will introduce virtual storage technology that will enable customers to use distance as an asset rather than see it as a constraint. The need for desktop virtualization is gaining momentum. A virtualized foundation like V-Sphere on the back end enables the scalability and seamlessness of use that are critical to a successful enterprise roll out of VDI.  On priorities like labor optimization efficiency and green computing all of these are byproducts of operating a private cloud infrastructure. All this indicates is that customers are quickly discovering that the key to a competitive edge they need to do things differently to transform the aging traditional infrastructures into the more cost effective agile new models for IT that are now possible. EMC and VMware together are leading the charge in making these new compute models a reality. No other company has the proven or market leading technology, services, and support that we do. No other company is as squarely aligned to these priorities and no other company has a vision and ability to execute on this vision. I’ll now turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Tucci: Overall I was very pleased with our Q1 results. In fact, this Q1 was the best first quarter in EMC’s history. We had record Q1 revenues, record Q1 net income, and record Q1 free cash flow. I might add, these results mark the second consecutive quarter in which we announced record quarterly results, proof that our strategy, coupled with our focus and strength in storage, virtualization, security, and information and content management is resonating very well with our customers. Clearly, at an apple to apples year on year growth rate of 20% this Q1 we are growing significantly faster than the markets we serve, in other words we are taking share. As always, what propels any company in any industry is excellence in execution. To that end I would like to thank the more than 43,500 people of EMC and VMware across the globe for their dedication to our customers, for their skill, hard work, and teamwork they exhibit every day. Congratulations to all of you on these strong results. As David has indicated, in Q1 IT spending patters were so much stronger than normal as customers caught up with some pent up demand from last year’s cut backs. Other positives for their customers have firm IT budgets in place and they are investing in IT to gain productivity both to help contain costs and to enhance revenues. As an example, we saw this global strength in our flagship Symmetrix line. In addition, we had good visibility and predictability throughout the quarter, and experienced a good flow or calendarization of orders, much better than the experience in first half 2009. While we remain cautious about the pace of recovery, we are optimistic and have confidence in our ability to exceed our goals for this year as is evidenced in our enhanced 2010 guidance David just shared with you. What gives us this confidence in our ability to continue to grow and take share is our focus on four multi-billion dollar markets, all of which or currently are and will continue to exhibit extremely rapid double digit growth for many years to come. Each one has the potential to be a billion dollar plus revenue opportunity for EMC. Our first and largest opportunity is help CIOs transform their data centers into private clouds. The attribute of a private clouds that this will give CIOs the ability to truly offer their internal and external customers IT as a service. IT as a service is an IT environment where application workloads are truly policy and service level driven. IT as a service is an IT environment that is far more automated, flexible, and dynamic than today’s data center environment. IT as a service is an IT environment that advanced security, availability, and control to a higher level. IT as a service is an IT environment that will deliver significantly lower costs. Our second billion dollar plus opportunity is help service providers and telcos build out their public clouds using virtualization, storage, and security and information management technologies. We will bring the same private cloud attributes in technologies to our service providers and telco partners as they build out their public clouds.  This will allow them to attract application workloads from our enterprise and commercial customers and by adding a suite of applications they will be able to have full IT service offerings to attack markets such as SNB and public sector. Additionally, EMC will offer our service partners several application choices like PC backup and storage as a service.  Our third multi billion dollar opportunity is for EMC to the clear leader in next generation backup recovery and archive solutions. As a proof point of the opportunity here, the actual Q1 results from just the data domain and Avamar product and services already represents $1 billion in revenue on an annualized run rate basis. This is especially impressive when you consider that these products represent new growth areas for EMC. For the record, we do expect Q2, Q3, and Q4 results for data domain Avamar solutions to show sequential improvement. To top things off in this category we have other offerings like network or for backup, those source one product family for compliant archiving and our family of FISK libraries. Our fourth massive opportunity is around virtualizing client devices. We will bring to this market the benefits of virtualization and centralized management, the protection of centralized storage and enhanced information management. With a new and better way to secure information while lowering total costs. In short, we’ll help our customers embrace and get the maximum value from the rapid advancing choices that are now happening in client devices while lowering their total TCO. This V client market, while quite small right now is extremely active as numerous customers are engaged in proof of concepts. Additionally, we see early adopters experiencing solid results. These are clear signs, to steal the phrase, that this is going to be big. Collectively in these four mega growth opportunities we have division, the leading technologies and virtualization and security and storage for block, file and object data, and for the next generation of backup recovery and archive solutions. We have the people and the expertise to help customers and service providers make this transition. We have the partner ecosystem in place to succeed and very importantly we have the trust and permission of our customers to play in these markets. We are convinced that continuing our focus on these four growth markets along with continued investments in innovative technology and exceptional people; we can maintain a long term double digit revenue growth rate.  Thanks again for joining us today. I’ll now turn it over to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Understanding that you guys are giving a new, what you call mid-tier breakdown of revenue, I’d like to dig into that a little bit deeper as you’re not disclosing CLARiiON growth. If I look at data domain within that and you sited 100% growth, $800 million of revenue, backing that out would imply organic growth of about 6% by my math. First of all, can you help me, am I thinking about that correctly or maybe even more importantly could you give us what the CLARiiON growth was in the quarter.
David Goulden: First of all I think the way to look at things would be on an apple to apples basis, I’ll give you that data point. If you took off mid-tier product revenues that are at $800 million, bear in mind this is per my clarification. The apple to apples growth rate is 20% so the reported growth rate was 32% but if you included data domain as if we’d owned it a year ago the apple to apples growth rate is 20% so that’s really the comparable data point you should be looking at.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Can you say what CLARiiON growth was?
David Goulden: We’re not going to break it out because really what’s happening is because of all the conversions in the mid-tier, individual prox is now less relevant and that’s why we want to focus upon the total business and show you how that is progressing over time. Also, as we pointed out, the channel partner is so important here as well hence we gave it the 75% data point in terms of channel partner contribution to mid-tier revenues.
Joe Tucci: Let me put a little color on that. First of all, we’re kind of following the classic gartner context for what makes up a mid-tier storage price range and size. What we’re doing now as we go to market we’re basically going to market with a more unified message. For instance, a lot of what would have been CLARiiON now has a CLARiiON in back of a Solera as a unified platform. What would have been sometimes a CLARiiON data library this library we might now throw over to data domain. You’ve really got to look at these things collectively and that’s why we’re giving you a fair number.  In other words, we have an exact same set of assets in first quarter 2009 as we have in 2010 and the apple to apples growth is 20%. It’s really the way we go to market to look at one product is just not a good way to look at the market. This is the way we’re going to go forward, a unified message and the fact that we have this unique ability to have this next generation backup and archiving included in our offerings is truly a mid-tier category and that’s how we’re going to report and that is the 20%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer
Ittai Kidron – Oppenheimer: In your prepared remarks earlier on you mentioned that you still saw more pent up demand in this quarter, I believe US and financials were the specific verticals you highlighted you’re seeing a lot of that. Do you have any gauge or insight as to how long do you think that still can last before we move into “normal” purchasing patters, not catch up mode?
David Goulden: I’ll also refer you back to what you heard from VMware last night because they also conjured up on the fact they saw pent up demand in the quarter. As I mentioned, for the Information Infrastructure business we saw it mainly in the US storage sector, we saw it in financial services obviously where there was a weak compare with Q1 a year ago. We saw it in the form of more large deals than you would typically expect in Q1. We really are not anticipating a lot of that pent up demand running forward into the rest of the year.  If you look at how we guided, obviously our $16.5 billion guidance is a very strong revenue number, it’s an 18% revenue growth. If you pull it apart you’ll see that because the pent up demand we’re expecting Q1 to be higher than a usual percentage of the total. We’re expecting to move to a more seasonal pattern after Q1 which would mean essentially you wouldn’t see quite as big a jump, in fact Q2 might near flattish compared to Q1 and then expect a more seasonal progression from that point going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Hutchinson – Lazard
Ryan Hutchinson – Lazard: As part of the change related to the mid-tier storage number due to the CLARiiON refresh and the convergent share with project unity?
Joe Tucci: I’m not sure I understood your question.
Ryan Hutchinson – Lazard: I’m trying to understand the mid-tier storage number that you’re giving. Is this partly related to the CLARiiON refresh expected here and then the convergence of the CLARiiON and Solera platforms with project unity that is underway?
Joe Tucci: Certainly we are absolutely collapsing platforms, our big message is unified and we have a strong family there. You’ll see the second wave of emphasis beyond, I’m not going to use any code names, the second wave emphasis will be the mid-tier market is even growing faster where we’re not a major player today and that’s in the smaller systems. You’ll see a lot of work on that probably in very early next year. We’re very excited. This is the category; this is how we compete against others in the industry. They’re trying to pull together a suite of products that covers this landscape and of course we have an extraordinary position in the next generation backup recovery.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Kelleher – Brigantine Advisors
Mark Kelleher – Brigantine Advisors: I wanted to ask about the deferred revenue, you had a nice spike up there; can you give us some things that are driving that?
David Goulden: You see that coming from two side of the business. You saw a nice build up in deferred revenue on both the VMware side and the EMC Information Infrastructure side. In both cases, basically, mainly due to prepaid software maintenance contracts. Customer’s basically prepaying software maintenance with their software licenses which is always a good sign.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital:   Could you talk a little bit more about your cash usage and first of all how you’re going to balance acquisitions versus the various repurchase? It seems like there is a pretty good strategy of obviously keeping your VMware stake at 80%, how important is that and what does that mean for purchases of VMware versus purchases of EMC and how you balance acquisitions for the rest of the year.
Joe Tucci: Obviously we are going to continue, VMware is part of the EMC family. You can see the private cloud when you heard their conference call yesterday and the strategy for both companies is the journey to the private cloud strategy is making sure we get to the service provider, public cloud community strategy is to watch and participate and have the best technology and as this growing business for the virtual desktop and virtual client emerges those are all common strategies so its important that we work them together.  Obviously we continue to work VMware in a very open fashion that others can continue to play and that will continue to be the case. Of course EMC on the back of that which is good for today’s environment and good for tomorrows cloud environments, the next generation backup and recovery that we add. Keeping that stake is incredibly important and that’s exactly what we’re going to do. Secondly, as we have those four, probably one of the first times in my life that I had four opportunities this big hitting me at once. Our best return on value for customers is to make sure we take the right moves and continue to invest in technology through our own R&D so it’s going to ramp up but we are going to increase our R&D this year to 20%. We are going to continue to buy companies both in VMware and in EMC and that’ll be the primary focus for the cash and I think a great return for the shareholders.  We continue to focus on what David calls the triple play, we want to hit short term, we want to make sure that we continue to grow and take share; we want to make sure that we continue to invest for the long term and capitalize the opportunities. We want to do all three.
Operator: Your next question comes from Maynard Um – UBS
Maynard Um – UBS: Can you talk about components in the quarter if there are any shortages and if so what components. I see inventory was down only modestly and I’m wondering if that’s a buffer and if that’s still a sign that things are still tight. If I could follow up on that, can you provide any color on whether you’re expecting component tightness to ease in the back half and if that’s reflected in your 20% to 21% margin guidance for the year?
Joe Tucci: This might surprise you but we were fine this quarter in terms of our supply chain, we did not see that tightness that you referred to, we didn’t see that hard and did not impact us at all, we don’t expect it to impact going forward. We think we’re fine.
Maynard Um – UBS: Do you expect the ease going into the back half of the year that might help you on the margins and is that reflected in the your guidance?
Joe Tucci: I think what obviously happens is when you get a tightness everybody is ramping up and these are the suppliers we use and as that happens there is some opportunity there. I expect with my statement we did not see this tightness that you referred to did not impact us this quarter. We had all the parts we needed and our suppliers were very responsive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Marshall – Broadpoint
Brian Marshall – Broadpoint: It looks like your incremental gross margins on your information storage business have been trending nicely over the past several years and especially the four quarters. Going forward do you expect those trends to continue at these high levels and if not is there a reason why we shouldn’t expect so see six handle on overall corporate gross margins at some point down the road?
David Goulden: Obviously if you look at our information storage infrastructure business margins have progressed very nicely. You saw we did 53.4% in the last quarter. As I mentioned, there’s been a few drivers; obviously volume helps, mix shift helps, obviously our V-Max transition has been helpful for us and that is something that is basically, that piece of it is now complete. As we go through the rest of this year we expect to still be able to improve on the gross margins we delivered in Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bailey – Goldman Sachs
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: You talked a lot about share gains and can you give a little bit more detail about what the competitive environment is like right now.
Joe Tucci: It’s very competitive out there, I don’t think much has changed; we’re still seeing the same competitors we’ve seen for the last couple of years. I do believe that, and you saw tremendous strength in Symmetrix, the move to the X 86 technologies and V-Max, the fact that we have the flash and the FAST technology out now is resonating very well with customers. We’re competing very well there. You saw our mid-tier results, Unified is absolutely the way to go and then of course I think we are uniquely positioned in this next generation archive. If you look at our security business the unique focuses we have there on IPV and on security and event management and on data loss prevention are hot areas. I think as we go through this case XEP type of approach in our content management business that’s going to play extremely well. Again, competition is the same, competition is intense but the teams have done a really good job distinguishing our products and we have a good go to market organization and we’re now investing heavily in marketing. Jeremy Burton just joined us as CMO and we’re going to make sure that we do a better job on that front. It’s how we see the landscape.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities
Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities: I wanted to call up a little bit on the Symmetrix business which you just mentioned. Specifically if I’m not mistaken I think that business is down about 10% last quarter year over year and accelerated pretty substantially so if you did correct that or maybe say what the sequential growth was. Then maybe give a little more color what’s driving that. Finally, IBM mentioned in their call their mainframe cycle ticking in the second half, any impact that might have on your guys on the Symmetrix?
Joe Tucci: Mainframe cycle is always good for us on Symmetrix we’re still a major player there. I think the big story is V-Max, the adoption and the opportunity to V-Max gives us. Of course the two big things with V-Max is the fact, the way we’ve planned this from the beginning to really optimize the use of flash drives and then our FAST technology which tiers storage automatically so whether it puts it on, it’s dramatically different cost structure whether it puts it on a flash drive a 15K, fiber channel drive, or a two terabyte SATA drive or two terabyte SATA drive duped, there are very different cost profiles for the customers. Therefore a customer can set a policy and let us just move the data automatically. Of course as we have thousands of customers and now have over a petabyte of data this automation is what has to happen, that’s what one of the basic tenants would be of the private cloud its becoming, so that you’ve got to trust the automation to help you get the productivity and that trust is there in Symmetrix and I think that’s the big reason it did well. Also to be fair, Symmetrix did benefit from some of the pent up demand from last year’s hiatus so to speak.
David Goulden: Symmetrix was up sequentially 7% from Q4 which obviously reflects a very strong result. Typically you expect a sequential decline in Q4. As we explained on the last call, Q4 was also down 14% year on year which actually was the best year on year comparison we had in 2009 for Symmetrix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: I was wondering if you could comment on gross margins in the quarter relative to your expectations, it looked like there were a lot of really positive forces; V-Max went up, you had exceptionally strong performance from both VMware and D-Dupe which are higher margin. I actually would have thought maybe gross margins on a sequential basis could have done a little bit better. Can you comment on whether gross margins, given those considerations were in line with your expectations and what you saw both in the pricing environment and any reinvestments that you would have made?
David Goulden: You’re right in terms of what some of the positives were better mix from some of the D-Dupe prox including Avamar and V-Max certainly helps. Obviously sequentially volumes are in total down so you’ve got to factor that in. The area that is a little different from what you may have expected is if you look at our services component of gross margin which you can get to either with the results or by pulling out VMware what you’ll see is a fairly large decline sequentially in the services gross margin for a few factors. One is we are building up our consulting and professional services business that has a lower margin mix and that was a high percentage of the business. Also on the services side bear in mind we reinstated the 5% salary cuts. This quarter we had some fringe adjustments and a couple of other things happening to the services side. The services gross margin sequentially was a little bit down more than it would have been or more than it was, for example from the last Q4 to Q1, that’s perhaps the difference between what you’re expecting and your margin model.
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: Pricing was in line with your expectations across the marketplace?
David Goulden: Yes, when we look at the pricing trends and we look at the sequential year on year declines we’d say saw a pretty normal pricing environment. Given the comments that Joe made, notwithstanding the comments that Joe made about it still being a tough out there but in terms of the impact of price it’s pretty much in line with our expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Ives – FBR
Daniel Ives – FBR: How did closure rates in general compare to historical trends? Anecdotally is there anything that you saw that surprised you in talking to customers across the board throughout the quarter in terms of change in behavior?
Joe Tucci: As David said, we saw a little bit better than normal calendarization so obviously that would say we booked more earlier than we had certainly for the last four or five quarters. Some of that is because of the recovery, some of that is because of the advances we had in the product family like V-Max hitting its stride now. The closure rates were a little better than they normally were so sales cycles were a little shorter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan
Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan: As you look at competitors and as they move toward integrated products you often see it take a long time to do software integration. You guys talk a lot about unified platforms, yet you have a lot of distinct personalities within your storage infrastructure. Does virtualization allow you to unify them without a big overhead of software integration?
Joe Tucci: The bigger is the Intel Multicore. It takes time to rework your products but it gives you the ability now with multicore and reworking some of your products into more tread like approach so to speak it helps a lot. You’re right, there are products that we are putting natively under VMware and that overhead now is drastically reduced and gives us opportunities. It’s a combination of multicore and virtualization. Mostly the native use of multicore that we’re doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaushik Roy – Wedbush
Kaushik Roy – Wedbush: It’s well known that the new VCX will be out in Q2. Do you see customers stall in the mid range in anticipation of the refreshed product and if not then why not?
Joe Tucci: That’s not true. VCX will not be out. First of all, I’m not going to say that that’s the name of the product. We have not named it yet. Certainly the bloggosphere has named it. I kind of like the name by the way. It will not be out in Q2.
Kaushik Roy – Wedbush: You didn’t see customer stalls in the mid range?
Joe Tucci: No.
David Goulden: First of all we will continue to enhance the mid range products and very importantly as we go into the future we have a great history of preserving customer software investments on all our platforms. Whatever future products that we bring out let them take advantage of the applications that were written on existing platforms. We really have given them investment protection roadmap which gives them enhancements into the future which is why they’re comfortable continuing with our state of the art leading technologies that we have today.
Joe Tucci: There are a lot of newer, what we call the NS product family which are unified which we’ve released fairly recently. We shouldn’t get too hung up on whatever that code name is you used, VCX.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Shope – Credit Suisse
Bill Shope – Credit Suisse: For what its worth I do think the new mid-tier category you guys are using makes a lot more sense for analyzing the business. I want to dig into the high end versus the mid-tier a bit. I understand you’re enjoying a product refresh and cyclical recovery within Symmetrix so with that in mind can you help us understand how we should think about mid-tier versus high end growth over time, particularly over the long term. Secondarily to that, does the increasing tendency to tier within the box eventually even make the distinction between mid-tier and high and somewhat irrelevant?
Joe Tucci: I do think there’ll always be a mid-tier and a high end. I do think you hit on a very important point. We for sure are seeing customers that would have bought a mid-tier product just saying okay now that Sym has this degree of scalability, this new Sym is unique in that it scales up like every other Sym but it also scales out. You could scale these things out fairly inexpensively and sometimes by taking that approach and adding a low tier of say SATA drives in it and using software like FAST it can compete very, very effectively with mid-tier. You are right, it does, and that is one of the reasons for Sym high growth this quarter. There will be some blurring but that being said, I still think you’ll see the two distinct tiers for the long term. And I do expect that the mid-tier has the ability, especially as we get into the lower mid-tier which where the higher growth is today, that we’re not a strong player in yet but will be. I think you will see the mid-tier for the long haul grow faster than the high end.
Operator: Your last question comes from Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley
Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley: On linearity, do you think that is a theme for this year? Meaning more linear quarters, lower DSOs and free cash flow closer to the $1 billion range you reported for March. Is that sustainable for the rest of this year?
David Goulden: Linearity, Q1 I think a little bit better than expected because some more of the pent up demand we spoke about we saw earlier in the quarter and you’re absolutely right that’s reflected in our DSOs down 40 days. If we’re correct on our assumptions about pent up demand reaping a Q4, Q1 phenomenon then I think we’ll go back to our quarters that are slightly more normal from a linearity point of view. Obviously better than we saw last year but more comfortable with what we saw in 2008. From a free cash flow point of view bear in mind that Q1 is always our strongest quarter. Q1 and Q4 are always our strongest quarters because you’re collecting off the biggest receivable base. Obviously we’re very pleased with what we’ve done but we’re not promising billion dollar cash flow quarter going forward at this point in time. We are very confident that we’ll continue to show significant positive difference between free cash flow and non-GAAP net income for the year.
Joe Tucci: In closing, thank you all for joining us. We are very confident and do believe we have a compelling vision and strategy, one that’s not only right for 2010 but well behind. I think we’re in great shape with our products and solutions and the support to underpin this vision and strategy. We have a world class partner, Ecosystem. Very importantly the leadership and a deep belief throughout our 43,500 people plus around the world that we can and will win.  As a side note, our premier customer events, we call EMC World happens to be in Boston, it starts on May 10th and we will use this opportunity to be giving our customers updates on our strategy and vision of how take them to the private cloud and all the great features and new products that the R&D teams have been working on. This is their time to share this with our customers and of course as we share with our customers we share it with all of you. Thank you very much for being with us today we’ll be talking to you.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph M. Tucci - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer David I. Goulden - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Tony Takazawa - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jason Ader - William Blair Mark Kelleher - Brigantine Advisors William Shope - Credit Suisse Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co. Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Co. Maynard Um - UBS Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein William Fearnley - FTN Equity Capital Markets Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc. Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan David Bailey - Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions). Now, I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa.
Tony Takazawa: Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and year 2009. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC’s Chairman and CEO and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of the activities that was had this quarter and discuss our outlook for 2010. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC’s execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. All these are available for download within the investor relations section of EMC.com. As always we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. These include a lot of financial details; so, we do encourage you to take a look at them. And with regard to details of VMware’s results, we refer you to their financial release from last night. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ, can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Lastly, I will note that an archive of today’s presentation will be available following the call. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden.
David I. Goulden:  Good morning and thank you for joining us today. EMC showed good progress through 2009 and end of the year with very solid growth in Q4 with revenues of $4.1 billion up 17% from Q3 2009. Non-GAAP EPS of $0.33, up 43% and free cash flow of $793 million, up 6%. These quarterly results provide a good example of the resilience in our model with revenues up 2% over Q4 2008 demonstrating good profit leverage with non-GAAP EPS of 6% and solid free cash flow generation of 2%. Within these results, our are EMC infrastructure business had a good quarter with $3.5 billion in revenue, up 15% sequentially and $0.28 of non-GAAP EPS, up 40% from Q3. On a year-over-year basis, non-GAAP EPS was up 12% on flat revenue, a result that clearly shows the success of our cost translation efforts. As previously announced, VMware also had a strong fourth quarter contributing $607 million of revenue and was $0.05 of non-GAAP EPS of EMC and showed very good growth from Q3. Given the tough global economic conditions and an IT spending environment down across the board, EMC performed well as we moved through 2009. Our vision, strategy, and most importantly the hard work and sacrifice of EMC team as enabled our company to come out of the year with business momentum and very well positioned to grow and gain share in 2010 and beyond. It is especially worthy to note that even in this economic climate, the consolidated Q4 revenues, Q4 non-GAAP operating margin, Q4 non-GAAP EPS, and Q4 free cash flow results were all records for EMC. In other words, EMC is coming out of the worst global recession we have seen in our best financial shape ever. We think this is truly impressive. Beyond the financial metrics, we’ve accomplished a lot in 2009. We maintained good focus on our goals and opportunities despite numerous economic and market distractions. We stay close to customers and help them through the tough time while other vendors cut back. We rolled out new market leading products with the best quality in our history. We successfully implemented our biggest cost translation program ever and strengthened the operational and financial position. We used our financial strength wisely to continue to invest in R&D and to make strategic acquisitions, both of which will contribute to our ongoing success, and we improved our customer satisfaction at an important time when customers are looking to solidify their true business partners. While 2009 was a tough year, EMC achieved a lot of good things and exited the year in a very strong position. So, moving to the agenda for today’s call, I will start off by making some comments about the Q4 spending environments, our business outlook for 2010, and then discuss some more specific details from our Q4 results. Overall, the environment in 2009 was pretty much as we anticipated with reasonable stability at the end of the year. While there is still uncertainty as customers evaluate their own business prospects and plans, we do expect 2010 to be better than 2009. Joe will spend some time discussing the 2010 environments in his comments, but the next is that we currently see IT spending growing between 3% and 5% in 2010. Given the compelling dynamics we see in our target markets, we continue to expect EMC’s total addressable market to grow faster than IT overall, probably something near 6% to 8%. And lastly, given EMC’s strategic focus on the shift of private cloud and a good position in the most important opportunities such as storage tiering, virtualization security, next generation backup, etc., we believe that EMC is poised to grow even faster and gain share. As a result, we currently anticipate 2010 consolidated revenues of approximately $16 billion, up 14%, and we expect significant leverage with non-GAAP operating margins of 20% and non-GAAP EPS of approximately $1.12, up over 24% from last year. This projected growth demonstrates the strength of our unique strategic positioning, ability to gain share, and the earnings leverage inherent in a leaner financial model. Given what we see in the market and our understanding of customer spend plans, we currently expect our quarterly revenue contribution in 2010 to follow reasonably normal seasonal patterns. Now, let’s take a closer look at some of the financial highlights from the fourth quarter. EMC information infrastructure revenues were $3.5 billion, up 15% sequentially and flat year-over-year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.28, up 40% quarter-on-quarter and up 12% from last year, very good leverage in a very tough year. Within these overall numbers, information/infrastructure product revenues were almost $2.4 billion, up 20% quarter-to-quarter, and information infrastructure storage revenues were a bit over $1.1 billion, up 7% sequentially. Free cash flow was $554 million. Looking at the geographic results from our information infrastructure business, our revenues from North America represented about 56% of total and were up a solid 13% sequentially and down 1% from Q4 2008. EMEA and Latin America both had strong sequential growth, up 23% and 17% respectively from Q3 and both up around 1% year-over-year. APJ also improved from Q3 and was up 6%. The Brick Plus 13 countries continue to show strength, up 14% quarter-on-quarter and 5% year-over-year. A very positive data point is that these markets were also up 1% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, and this is encouraging to see. Looking at the results from the businesses within information infrastructure, Q4 information storage revenues were $3.1 billion, up 16% sequentially. Overall, we’re seeing an increase in net new implementations as customers are looking to put in place infrastructure to support their virtual environments. As part of these investments, we continue to see very strong growth in the adoption of shared storage utilizing solid state and SATA drives. In addition, the recent introduction of our fully-automated storage tiering software known as FAST is a compelling and unique capability that is enabling customers to improve efficiency via storage tiering across their environments. Overall, we believe the demand will continue to strengthen for our broad and deep storage portfolio as customers look to deploy more efficient, flexible, and cost effective technology. In the high-end Symmetrix revenues were up 13% sequentially; a very good result as the V-Max continues its positive ramp. The introduction of FAST is also driving more rapid adoption of both SSD and SATA drives in Symmetrix as customers look to take advantage of the unique value of V-Max based storage tiering. The ramp of these new products is proceeding very well and is very well positioned as customers invest in their cloud infrastructures. Not only is the V-Max is very successful in the more traditional high-end markets where the Symmetrix has always done well, but its scalable architecture and unique capabilities are receiving a very good response in new use cases such as internet hosting. For example, in Q4 we won a V-Max deal to completely replace a competitor, a major TELCO based hosting provider. Now, let’s take a look at the mid tier business including our CLARiiON and Celerra product families. Within this, CLARiiON revenues were up 15% sequentially, a nice acceleration over Q3 growth. Directing channel business continued to be about 75% of total CLARiiON revenue. Within the CLARiiON results, the DELL EMC co-branded CLARiiON OEM revenues were up 27% sequentially and represented about 16% of total the CLARiiON revenues. Celerra NAS business continues to be a great performer posting the 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue growth in Q4 with revenues up over 50%. Our unified products combine our best of breed, sound enough capabilities without sacrificing performance in either environment and our success here continues to set pace in the industry. In Q3, we were number one in the market with 46% share according to IDC, and given our outstanding performance, it is pretty clear we gained share again in Q4. As an example of our success here, we recently beat that up and others for a large deal including 1.4 petabytes of unified storage at a major New York based stock exchange. This market shift towards unified storage is a very important trend in the mid tier, and I’ll talk a little bit more about it later on. Our newly formed back-end recovery system division which we call BRS has fantastic results again this quarter with each up over 50% year-over-year in Q4. Within BRS, I’m happy to say that data domain was ahead of plan in its first few quarters as part of the EMC family. The excellent focus and execution by the teams has led to the continued growth and success of these businesses. As an example, the growth potential within this business, we added 600 new customers in the quarter with 300 of these being net new to EMC. Given the growth, this business is clearly very strategic to customers and EMC is also the acknowledged leader in this important area. As an indicator of our strength in market leadership, in the forthcoming IDC survey, respondents chose either an EMC or data domain primary branded deduplication solution at nearly double the rates of the next nearest vendor. This means that we have almost twice as much mindshare as anyone else in this great market and we show the ability to capture it. Taking a look at a few other storage related businesses, our Mozy cloud based backup business is now managing over 25 petabytes of customer data this quarter in conjunction with partners Cox, McAfee, and Vodafone. This year, Mozy will also expand beyond online backup to a broad set of personal cloud services. In addition, Iomega, our customer in small business focus operation is seeing an increasing customer demand for backup and protection, and Q4, shifted over one exabyte of storage, more than double the capacity shift last Q4. Iomega continues to roll out new and compelling products that are highlighted by winning an Editor’s Choice Award with the v.Clone products and by the fact that the Iomega brand is one of the most popular storage solutions at Apple Stores. In total, the EMC storage business finished 2009 with very good momentum due to great products, compelling solutions, and focused execution by the team. Importantly, we believe that we are poised to really extend our league this year for three additional reasons; to move to virtualized data centers, the implementation of next generation backup and recovery, and the evolution of unified storage. Let me spend a few moments highlighting each of these trends with you. First of all, the virtualization of the data centers are beginning in earnest as customers are looking to move towards the private cloud, and EMC is absolutely best positioned to benefit from this. Some recent survey results from Goldman Sachs really highlights these facts. As you can see in the first chart, customers are looking to put incremental spending towards next generation technology this year, and this survey shows that over two-thirds of these customers will move at least 20% of that data centers in this direction by the end of 2010. Obviously, a major factor of this next generation technology is virtualization, and not only is VMware the lead in this space, but EMC is the clear storage vent of choice in virtualized service environments. As you can see on the next chart, EMC is preferred by 38% of the survey participants and will be more than twice the mind share of the next closest competitor, and I might add, over three times as much mind share as a smaller vendor who has been making a lot of noise about this topic lately. And finally, as virtualized storage becomes more prevalent with customer environments, EMC is once again in the forefront with 34% of customer surveys saying that would choose EMC when they implement storage virtualization technology. As you can see, not only does EMC already have 50% more mind share than the next vendor, you can also expect us to make several announcements throughout 2010 that will extend or lead in this important area. The second major trend is the rapid implementation of next generation backup and recovery capabilities. The benefit of these solutions are becoming well known including simplicity, efficiency, flexibility, manageability and cost savings. So, customer demand is very high. This is also a vastly under-penetrated opportunity. In the same IDC survey I mentioned earlier, the survey also indicates that only 22% of respondents implemented deduplication for backup data. Obviously, we are already seeing great success here, and with the leading products in both forms of data deduplication, with data demand in Avamar with tremendous mindshare in the markets and the clearly under-penetrated opportunity, we should be able to drive a lot of growth here. The third trend is that the market is moving towards a more of a unified storage approach in the mid tier this year and into the future. In other words, customer requirement for flexibility and best of breed performance are propelling to desire for products that truly unify the best capabilities in file and object information. As I previously mentioned, our current unified products based upon a leading SAN and NAS technologies continue to set the pace of this market, growing faster than the other companies. Unified storage is becoming one of the hottest product areas in the mid tier market, EMC is in the lead here, and you can expect several more important announcements from this year and beyond that will extend our capabilities in this area. So, EMC’s information storage saw the most important trend in IT. As customers begin their journey towards the private cloud, we are focused on helping them make the transition at their own pace. With our product portfolio, solutions, and partnership, EMC is uniquely able to help solve their problems today while at the same time helping customers position themselves to meet their needs of tomorrow. And as you can see from our Q4 results and some of the recent success stories, we are certainly delivering what customers are looking for. We are confident we will gain share because EMC has the best, the broadest, and the most integrated storage portfolio to meet customers’ needs both now and in the future. Our RSA security revenues in Q4 were $164 million, up $0.07 sequentially. This business is executing well this year even in a tough environment, growth was positive in 2009 and paced the year up 4% overall as information centric security continues to be a top customer priority. RSA strategy to offer built-in information centric security were often bolted on perimeter based security and served as well as the industry is clearly moving in our directly. Not only have we utilized this expertise to augment the security capability of products throughout EMC, this focus has also led to numerous new alliances with partners seeking to seamlessly improve the security of their offerings. A good point is the qualification by VMware of secure ID for virtual desktops. We also continue to extend the lead in our information security products. For example, we have integrated the VLP, an adaptive authentication into enVision. In addition, we have extended this capability across both physical and virtual IT infrastructures and this is a true unique capability that we built into a highly differentiated VCE Vblock offering. Finally, the recent acquisition of Archer, a leading company in the enterprise government risk and compliance markets, further extends our strategies to offer complete security solutions. Revenues for our content management and archive division in Q4 was $208 million, up a strong 17% from Q3. This division was recognized as a leader in enterprise content management by several firms recently. In Q4, EMC CMA division was positioned by Gartner in its ECM market leader quadrants which recognizes companies demonstrating broad platform support and presence in multiple regions, strong channel partners, and good customer support; and earlier this month, we recognized EMC’s content management division’s market leadership for its broad range of capabilities and strengths in document management, document imaging, and capture and records management. The assets in CMA’s portfolio should service well as customers review spending on applications that will streamline processing and enable efficient access to contents. In Q4, EMC’s global services business continued its solid performance and revenues grew 7% sequentially. Overall, we saw a recovery in our consulting business which tends to be somewhat of a leading indicator of customers’ IT plans. It’s good news that we’re seeing interest in investments to growth, new opportunities in integrations as opposed to what used to be mostly a focus on cost cutting. Our professional and technical consultants are well positioned and have been effective in helping customers to manage their various investments including virtual data center investments. Now, turning to some highlights from the income statements. Q4 information infrastructure non-GAAP gross margins were 55.3% and operating margins were 21.9%. Both metrics improved sequentially and showed especially strong year-over-year improvement from Q4 2008 non-GAAP gross margin of 52.5% and operating margin of 18.1% for the year. Non-GAAP gross margins were 52.3% and operating margins were 16.3%. This compares quite well with 2008 non-GAAP gross margin of 52.7% and operating margin of 16.6% that was achieved of a much higher revenue base. This highlights our successful cost reduction efforts and is a great example of the new leverage inherent in our financial model. In fact, these 2009 full year operating margins are even more impressive given that they include around $55 billion of transition investments and about $30 million of incremental investments in our cloud infrastructure and services business. Without these investments, non-GAAP operating margins actually would have been up versus 2008. Clearly, our cost transformation efforts this year are paying off, and we’re certainly exceeded our target of $450 million in savings. We’re truly moving our model to a new level of efficiency, and I’d like to thank everyone at EMC for the hard work and dedication in achieving these results. Now, turning to a few highlights from our consolidated results. Total Q4 consolidated revenues were approximately $4.1 billion, up about 17% sequentially and up 2% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, revenues were almost flat with last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.33 and free cash flow was $793 million. Free cash flow this quarter is almost $100 million higher than Q4 non-GAAP net income. This year, we generated a record $2.6 billion in free cash flow, this is about $760 million greater than cumulative 2009 non-GAAP net income and over $40 million higher than the free cash flow in 2008. We are very pleased with the strong free cash flow generation we’ve achieved this year, and we continue to focus on driving free cash flow higher than non-GAAP net income. In 2009, the non-GAAP combination of interest income, interest expense, and other income was a net $66 billion expense. For 2010, we expect this non-operating expense to be approximately $90 million due to lower interest rates and higher non-cash interest expense. The non-GAAP tax rate was 19% for Q4 and for the full year 2009. We currently expect the non-GAAP tax rate in 2010 to be around 20%. Q4 consolidated operating cash flow was $1 billion. A few balance sheet items impacted Q4 operating cash flows include deferred revenues which were $3.6 billion, inventory turns which were $7.7 billion and DSO’s which were 47 days, all very good given the current economic climate. We ended Q4 with $9.4 billion in cash and investments. As you may recall, last quarter we announced our plan to reorganize our international operations. While this plan was laid out in our announcement in November, a byproduct of this reorganization was the transfer of approximately $1.3 billion from our international businesses to our domestic operations. At quarter end, approximately $4.1 billion of our cash in investments were held domestically, $2.8 billion overseas, and additional $2.5 billion was at VMware.  Financial flexibility is a critical strength and competitive edge for EMC, particularly in this unpredictable economy. Our financial strength allows us to continue to invest in our business during all types of economic cycles and you can expect us to continue this practice in 2010. In addition, we’re able to return capital to our shareholders via buybacks. I am pleased to announce that we have EMC board approval for a $1 billion EMC share buyback.  It is a great accomplishment for EMC to have successfully weathered the worst recession in decades and to be exiting the year in our best operational and financial position ever. The combination of EMC’s vision, strategy, leading products and solutions, strong partnerships, increasingly efficient business model, great people, and solid execution has made EMC stronger, more agile, and more profitable. As we all know, companies are continuing to face the trade-offs among trying to gain share, investing for the future, and showing improving profitability, and one of the relative focus among these three tends to change with time depending upon the environment, the ultimate goal, and its progress along all three metrics. At EMC in particular, we’re continually trying to optimize the trade-offs among these three objectives, and in 2009, we were successfully putting in place an operational foundation that will enable us to efficiently manage the business along these three important goals. As a result, looking to 2010, we are very pleased that we will be delivering meaningful progress towards all three objectives. To be specific, 14% topline growth in 2010 will certainly result in significant share gains across all business. In 2010, we will invest $50 million in the future of our business as we continue our successful cost transformation program. We will also accelerate the investments in our product development by increasing R&D investments by approximately 20% and we’ll continue to show profit margin improvements as we reap the benefit of our ongoing cost transformation efforts, disciplined spending and increasing the efficient operating model. As a result, we expect non-GAAP operating margins to be 20% in 2010, a 260 basis point increase over 2009, and we expect non-GAAP EPS to grow over 24% versus 2009. I think you’ll agree with this leverage. To sum it all up, we’re excited about our opportunities and we’re confident in our ability to deliver a solid year including the triple play of market share gains, investment in the future, and income leverage. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph M. Tucci :  I’d like to begin by welcoming everyone to today’s call. Thank you for joining us and thank you for your interest in EMC. Looking back to Q4, I was very pleased with our overall results. Certainly, demand for storage was strong, especially in the areas of next generation backup with integrated deduplication technologies with storage systems that support virtualized and cloud environments, where unified storage effectively features fiber channel SAN, IT SAN, and NAS architectures, where storage supports mass consolidation and business continuity, and for storage that is custom built for the SOHO market; in other words, storage opportunities in which EMC leads with innovative products, technology solutions and services. Also, you heard from VMware yesterday, the demand for virtualization was very strong. As our customers continue to make solid progress in recovering from the effects of the great recession, they are demanding faster and better returns on their IT investment while striving to be more environmentally conscious. They are turning to VMware and virtualization technologies in record numbers, and Q4 demand for technologies and solutions that help customers ensure they are implementing and adhering to good governance principles and policies while minimizing risk was strong. This helped drive our RSA security in our information management businesses. In fact, our RSA business produced year-over-year growth in each and every quarter throughout 2009. Additionally, I was very pleased with the very warm market reception our private cloud Vision strategy and product roadmap and partner ecosystem has received. This holds well for our future and gives confidence in our ability to grow and take market share going forward. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the global workforce of EMC and VMware. Our team was selfless accepting and even volunteering for 5% pay reduction to help us minimize layoffs, keeping us strong not only in 2009 but for the future. They focused on and stayed closer than ever to our customers. They were and are innovative and they executed our strategy in business planning exceedingly well. Again, thank you all very much. Looking forward into 2010, we expect the economic recovery to continue and GDP growth to be in the low single digits worldwide. Despite this prediction for continued economic recovery, there is still some caution and potential for choppiness as job recovery lags. As David says, on the back of this recovery, we expect whole world IT spending to return to growth; our best estimate is between 3% and 5%. We expect the storage market to grow in the 6% to 7% range and the market for security and virtualization to be in the mid teens to low 20s. And as our 2010 outlook demonstrates, we expect to grow faster than the markets we serve, take share, and produce leverage. To make it clear, the 2010 forecast David gave you for consolidated EMC revenue of $16 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $1.12 is in fact our management plan as approved by our Board of Directors. At our upcoming February meeting, the Board will add a free cash flow metric to our 2010 plan. So, a question that must be on your minds is what gives us confidence we can achieve our 2010 goals. First and foremost, we have a very strong product lineup and product cycle that has grown for us throughout 2010. Also, analyst survey after analyst survey points out that the number one hardware infrastructure spending priority for CIOs in 2010 is storage. And when these CIOs were asked what areas in storage that are most important, back up the disk with data de-duplication, storage consolidation, unified storage, tiering of storage, and business continuity show to be consistently high priorities; again, areas where EMC is the leader. And very importantly, these surveys had EMC gaining share. Likewise, software surveys had virtualization as a top IT spending priority for 2010 and CIO surveys picked VMware as a number one share gainer here. Also, security and governance, risk, and compliance or GRC were mentioned as top 10 priorities, and again, EMC was on the share gainers list. And lastly, what gives us optimism in 2010 is the deep belief EMC people have worldwide in our ability to help our customers succeed. What gives us optimism for the longer term, not only in 2010, but well beyond is our focus on several rapidly emerging multibillion dollar markets which we believe present double-digit market growth opportunities for EMC. Our first and largest billion-dollar plus opportunity is helping customers transform their current data centers into fully virtualized fully automated dynamic flexible data centers where applications workflows are truly policy and service level driven, while significantly lowering total costs, as much as 40% lower than today’s data center environments. We call this initiative helping our customers build their own internal or private cloud. Our second mega opportunity is to work with our service provider and telecom partners and help them stand up and build up their public clouds using the same technology as our enterprise and commercial customers will use in building up their private clouds. This will allow enterprise customers to federate some of their workloads with these external service provider clouds resulting in even better infrastructure utilization. Additionally, we will team with our service provider partners to have greater access to the SMV markets. EMC will also run a set of applications as a service on top of our service provider partners’ public clouds. Applications like PC backup as a service, storage as a service, archive as a service, elements of content management and security as a service, desktop as a service, and the potential list goes on and on. Our third multibillion dollar market opportunity is around virtualizing client devices. This V-client initiative benefits customers by allowing them to more efficiently provision uses once, not for each of their multiple continuously changing devices. This means not only better and simpler management, but better security and protection from viruses and provides a lower TCO. Our fourth massive billion-dollar plus opportunity is for AMC to lead customers to the next generation of backup recovery and archive solutions. We size this market at approximately $10 billion in 2010. It is extremely fragmented with EMC being a market leader. The opportunity here stems from the continuing sea of data that customers need to better manage and protect, the attributes of automated tier storage coupled with the best of data de-duplication technologies are the keys to success here. We are absolutely accelerating the move to up backup and recovery from tapes to disk. To compete in these four rapidly emerging multibillion dollar opportunities, innovative technologies around virtualization; technologies like a fully function data center OS that incorporates a new higher level of automation, management, and security; technology for federated information storage, and technology that provides much more efficient and effective backup in archiving the disk for de-duplication. In other words, key innovative technology that EMC and VMware have and leading today and are investing in heavily for the future. The further sure we capitalize on these four mega opportunities before us, we are rapidly building a repertoire with our top-tier partners. We have a need of technology partners, distribution partners, service, system integration, and outsourcing partners, and service providers. In short, our ecosystem will be second to none. In closing, we believe we have a compelling vision and strategy, one that is right for 2010 and well beyond, leading technology, products, solutions and services, and support, world-class partners, and we have the leadership and a deep belief throughout our 43,000 people around the world that we can and will win. I would now like to turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Before we open up the line for your question, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarification. It will enable us to take as many questions as possible in the time that we have. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Teresa, can we open up the line for questions, please?
Operator: We will now begin the formal question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Jason Ader - William Blair.
Jason Ader - William Blair: Two related questions; for Q1, what would normal seasonality be; I know we lost a couple of years, have not exactly been normal; and then secondly, could you give us some color on the backlog as you enter Q1?
David I. Goulden: I will answer both in the same way. We don’t comment on backlog, but I did point out to you that we expect the progression, the expense contribution to revenues from each quarter as a percentage of the total to follow a reasonably normal seasonal pattern. You can go back and look at your own data. We’re trying to avoid guiding all on the quarterly basis; we’re giving annual guidance, and we can’t tell you; the progression during the year will be seasonally normal as a percentage of revenue; so I encourage you to just go back and not have me guide you towards Q1.
Jason Ader - William Blair: And what year should we look at to see the most, to get a sense of what the normal contribution would be?
David I. Goulden: I wouldn’t look at 2009. the whole comment that we made about 2009 and if you look at the contribution in 2009, the first half versus second half, we saw a much higher percentage of revenue than normal in the second half of 2009 as we expected that to be the case because we saw a much weaker demand in the first half; so I would go back and look at the three or four years leading up to 2009.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Kelleher - Brigantine Advisors.
Mark Kelleher - Brigantine Advisors: Some very good gross margin numbers there; maybe the highest in the couple of years; can you give us some puts and takes on that and whether you think that is sustainable?
David I. Goulden: We are very pleased with gross margin performance this quarter. A couple of things really; perhaps the best way to look at gross margins is probably look sequentially; so we saw a nice uptick from Q3. You have seen our margins improving during the year, that really being the results of some of the cost translation problem we would be doing and driving efficiencies through our supply chain, but also some good work in the field to make sure that while this is a very tough pricing environment, we are charging suitably for value. But if you look sequentially, what we saw was a nice improvement in both product margins and services margins, and in both cases, principally volume driven as we see additional leverage in the models volume starts to pick up again. So, that’s the biggest driver. A little bit of FX impact sequentially, but mainly both products and services margins pick up sequentially because of volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Shope - Credit Suisse.
William Shope - Credit Suisse: Can you discuss your R&D plans for 2010 in a bit more detail, more specifically help us to understand where it is targeted; is this somewhat from a snapback from a compressed 2009 plan; and then touching on a more sensitive topic, can you address this target in light of the nagging historical concerns that you will reinvest upside and leverage back into the business?
David I. Goulden: As we have been talking throughout this tough cycle, we’ve really worked hard through our cost transformation to get ourselves in a situation where our cost structure is simply more lean and efficient; you saw the benefits of that happening in Q4 where on the EMCII we saw operating margins close to 22% which is much higher than we have seen for any recent period of time. So we really believe we have put that cost structure in place so we can generate much more leverage on incremental revenues, but also as we said earlier we can produce that leverage while continuing to top our investments. So, if you think about revenue growth next year of 14%, R&D growth is a 20-point growth, then obviously we’re showing a much higher investment back into R&D, and just before I hand over to Joe and talk about what we’re going to be investing in; this year you made a comment that R&D looks a little less robust. I think when you’re looking at the change on year-on-year growth or decline in R&D dollars versus SG&A dollars, that in turn is being impacted by a number of things including software capitalization, transition expense, and acquisitions, and if you pull those three out, the year-on-year decline in those lines are actually much closer than they look on the financial statement. So, just a few comments upon leverage and R&D mix, and I will hand it back to Joe to talk about the investment areas.
Joseph M. Tucci: Obviously, the two big investments are around storage and VMware on the virtualization building the next generation of data center OS. Within storage, what is hot is where the majority of the increase will go. So, a lot is going around the federation and virtualization, which David said, we have a number of big announcements there and initiatives coming out obviously around the next generation backup and recovery, obviously in unified storage, obviously in building in security to both our virtualized and physical products. So, those are areas off the top of my head that are getting some big increases or nice increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital.
Benjamin Reitzes - Barclays Capital: Could you address whether there were any shortages in the quarter and whether they have been alleviated and I’ll sneak another one in there; of your 14% growth this year, could you talk about the Data Domain and Avamar segment, what is the growth expected of the Data Domain Avamar segment within the 14%?
Joseph M. Tucci: We’re not going to break out that segment but we will as we go through give you a lot of color around that, but let me put it this way; throughout the entire company the segment we expect to grow the fastest will be that BRS group that we talked about, the Data Domain and the Avamar technology by far. So we continue to believe that.
David I. Goulden: On the shortages, obviously you can see that we diluted $4.1 billion of revenue against our guidance of $4 billion; so we obviously had the supplies to feed our guidance during the quarter, but just to comment a little bit deeper, you will notice, I am sure as you start to pull through the financials that we did have a buildup in inventory of Q4; we built up about $100 million of inventory and that was designed to protect ourselves going into Q1 against what we knew would be a tight supply environment. So, we think, and we’re well positioned going into Q1, we did invest a little bit ahead of our Q4 needs, we have good relationships with all of our suppliers, and so we’re very confident and we do not see anything that will disrupt our Q1 numbers either, but we have invested a little bit to make sure we have that protection.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets.
Daniel Ives - FBR Capital Markets: Could you just, anecdotally; you guys are talking to customers, quarter to quarter; what really changed this quarter, and maybe could you compare it with a typical Q4, what you see when you’re visiting customers around the world in terms of spending?
David I. Goulden: Obviously, there was a lot more optimism in our customers, a lot more clarity, a lot more normality in the CIO’s ability to spend their budget without all kinds of checks and approvals they had to get in prior quarters, especially when it went up to and including board levels; so that was for sure. Obviously, we saw what I would consider to be a very normal budget rush, and I think we also saw even maybe a little extra in some of that spending the customers didn’t do in Q1 and Q2 as the companies got more confident in their next year 2010 business plans, they were doing a little bit of catch-up because I think they really starved their infrastructures in Q1 and Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech.
Brian Marshall - Broadpoint AmTech: I was wondering if you could comment on what’s baked into your EPS guidance for calendar year 2010 non-GAAP with regards to minority interests; it looks like based on my calculations, that might be doubling year-over-year to roughly $120 million, and then also, the 20% R&D growth; can you talk about if any M&A in organic growth is baked in as well?
David I. Goulden: We’ll take those in reverse order, Brian; no that is an organic growth in R&D spend; and in terms of minority interests, I think you’re talking about the minority interests in VMware, obviously you can run the math based upon the guidance of VMware I gave you last night about the revenue and their operating margins. As the programs roll out, we do expect the minority investments to increase slightly during the course of the year because it is more profitable or more contribution coming from VMware and the actual dollars will be greater than they were in 2009. So, you’re probably directionally generally okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.
Ittai Kidron - Oppenheimer & Co.: Congratulations on the great numbers. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about your operating margins; great performance there and great targets for the year. I guess going forward, have we reached peak levels of your operating margins, where are the opportunities to keep on growing that level?
David I. Goulden: Thank you for the comments on the quarter and the question. We are really here to talk about 2010, I think we’ve given you a very compelling roadmap for 2010 that is going to give us, this combination is triple flavor; I spoke about market share growth, investment for the future, and significant operating margin leverage. Going forward, we’re obviously looking at all three of those metrics, but we’re here today to talk about 2010 and we’ll leave our comments there at this point in time.
Joseph M. Tucci: I think the longer-term to that Ittai is how well we execute on those four mega billion-dollar plus growth opportunities for us, and we intend to execute well. We’ll keep you posted as we go through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Co.
Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Co.: When you look at the mix between your V-Max and DMX products in the fourth quarter, can you talk about that for direction there, and secondly, can you talk about merging related to V-Max versus DMX clearly higher given the component; do you think they would continue to leverage on the product gross margins on as that continues to gain share?
David I. Goulden: Brian, on the V-Max versus DMX question; that transition continues to be ahead of plan and it continues to be going faster than other major transitions. So, we’re up close to three-quarter of the total mix this quarter coming from V-Max versus DMX, and yes, because of the design of the V-Max, it does inherently, particularly now we’ve gotten up to higher volumes of product levels, it would cost us less on a per box or per capacity basis, and therefore, margins are better; and that’s one of the reasons why you saw a margin uptick as well in Q3 to Q4, the mix shifting from a little over 50% of total to close to 75% helped us a little bit as we moved through the progression between the two quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maynard Um - UBS.
Maynard Um - UBS: Related to the seasonality, I am just curious if you’re expecting that across all your geographies or if there are more specific geographies that will outperform others; and sorry if I missed this, but can you just give us the information; storage gross margins in the quarter?
Joseph M. Tucci: Seasonality by geographies, it does absolutely vary. For instance, not a geography, but our federal business for instance has a little bit different drumbeat than the directional seasonality, but as David said, we don’t break up that up and we’re not going to be guiding that way, but on the macro level, if you look with this regard in 2009 and look at the previous four years or so, I think you can come to proper conclusions.
David I. Goulden: All information on storage gross margins, we’re not giving those out today, but I can tell you that from both a parts and service basis, within information storage margins, we saw an increase both on a quarter on quarter and a year on year basis to margins within information; we’ll give you more information as we complete our filing for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: I wanted to just follow up on the very strong gross margin performance and try and better understand beyond volume what else may have helped in the quarter more permanently. When you think about $450 million or $500 million in cost savings that you generated year over year in 2009, how much of that is impacting the COGs line; should we be thinking about the six COGs portion being structurally reduced by a certain amount, and how do we think about that, and can you also comment on changes in depreciation, warranty expense, and other allowances, and whether those had an impact on gross margins in 2009 and expected for 2010?
Joseph M. Tucci: I think more than anything else the bet that this company has placed from top to bottom, this is consolidated EMC statement, on the x86 architecture has really served us well; (a) build up a lot of expertise, (b) build up a lot of commonality which helps both volume side and helps on the cost side as we get more commonality of physical parts. Obviously, we’re also seeing what V-Max helped on the performance side as Intel and others have done a phenomenal job moving the power curve and performance curve, and with better environmentals. That has proved to be a great bet for us and one that will continue to get benefit from.
David I. Goulden: Just on the other areas that you mentioned; in terms of our cross transformation program, we have basically about a third of those reductions impacting COGs and two-third in OpEx, and the areas that we’re impacting on the COGs side are along some of the areas that you spoke about, kind of reducing some of our structural fixed costs in the parts and services side of the business. I think the important thing to recognize is that quarter on quarter we had really nice progression in both parts and service margins; yes, volume is the biggest single factor, but we did get some benefit from ongoing cost transformation, but as you know, if you’re adding volume onto a fixed cost structure with variable margins, or the attractiveness what we saw during the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Fearnley - FTN Equity Capital Markets.
William Fearnley - FTN Equity Capital Markets: A question for Joe here; when you look at pipelines, can you provide more color on pipeline by segment, geography, or product, and any additional color on the direct pipeline and what you’re seeing with the channel partners; where are the bright spots here when you look across the world for 2010?
Joseph M. Tucci: Certainly, David commented some of our emerging markets we called Brick Plus 13 here and we’re increasing that 13 number which is Brick countries plus 13 others we really put a strong focus and that 13 number will go up; that has performed very well. We continue to believe that will perform very well. I think there are a lot of opportunities on the back of our partnerships with Cisco and VCE, and revitalizing our DELL partnership; I think those two are massive opportunities for us if we do them right, and I believe we can do them both right. Of course, as we really get into this next generation of how we take the cloud computing and really bring it, internal or private cloud market is going to be a big, big, big opportunity for us and how we really execute on that is phenomenal. And then the reception of the combination of the Data Domain and Avamar products is nothing short of exceptional. So, I would say those are the things, the markets, and the opportunities for us that comes off the top of my mind.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc.
Kaushik Roy - Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc.: Can you give us a little bit more color on the 20% operating margin for 2010; R&D is going up by 20%, where is the leverage coming from; can you quantify in any way your expectations for the SG&A or what are your gross margin assumptions for 2010?
David I. Goulden: Kaushik, I think we’ve given you a lot of pieces of the puzzle; we’re not going to give you the entire puzzle. Our real focus here is commitment for 2010 for the full year to deliver 20% operating margins. What you will see is that you will see our operating margins improving sequentially during the year with 20% being the average. I told you that R&D is going to go faster than revenues; so we’re going to see, by definition, a negative leverage there. So, on a year-over-year basis to deliver the increase, you’re going to need to see improvements as a percentage of revenue in both SG&A and gross margins. I am not going to give you the mix between those two pieces, but I think I have given you most of the puzzle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz - J.P. Morgan: First, a clarification if I could on Dan’s question earlier; could you talk a little more about the inventory protection, is that more on the hard disk drive side, any comment there; and then Joe, can you talk a little more about the smarter pricing environment that was exhibited throughout most of 2009 with the downturn; heard a lot of folks and seemed like discounting was not as pervasive within the system environment; do you expect the discounting to change and get more competitive as we go through 2010 or are folks going to be structurally a little smarter?
Joseph M. Tucci: Being in the middle of the food fight here, so to speak, 2010 was a very competitive market with the storage industry in total being down. Obviously, because of our cost transformation projects, because of our move to x86 and more commonality in parts and service, etc., we were able to offset that. I think going into 2010, I think you’ll see more the same. I think it obviously will be a very competitive market, and we got to continue to make sure that we’re incredibly cost competitive and make sure that we get the best out of our cost transformation, and at the same time, just they can’t beat innovative products; so that’s why the increase in our R&D and that is what is going to make more of a difference than anything else.
Joseph M. Tucci:
 :
Tony Takazawa:  We have enough time for one more question and then Joe will have a few closing comments.
Operator:  Your next question is from David Bailey - Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs:  You announced resumption of your share buyback, can you talk a little bit about how you prioritize buyback versus acquisitions and internal spending to drive growth?
David I. Goulden:  Clearly, those are the three priorities for any use of cash, and as you know, we’re in the fortunate position this year to have strong cash balances and feel sufficiently comfortable about the environment to commit to a buyback; so, the most important thing we can do with our cash is to put to work with the company and things like what we did last year with the acquisition of data domain was a great result for the company, will be very accretive on the long-term basis, but if we have excess capital beyond what we think we need for investments that’s what we put into buybacks; so, essentially, first two are investments and third is buybacks, and we’ve committed to spend a billion dollars.
Joseph M. Tucci:  Thanks everybody for joining us. Hopefully we leave here believing that we have a great vision, a solid strategy and we’ve had pretty good execution; we’re focusing on, as David called, the triple play. We are focused on taking share and growing faster than the market, we are very focused in investing in the future, and we are very focused on creating leverage, and if we do that, it will be a good day for everyone here at EMC and a good day for our shareholders. So, thank you very much for your interest in being with us today and we’ll be talking to you soon.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa – VP, Global Investor Relations David Goulden – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  Joseph Tucci – Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co. Mark Moskowitz –J. P. Morgan William Fearnley – FNT Equity Capital Ghai Rajesh – Thinkequity Paul Mansky – Cannacord Adams Douglas Ireland – J. P. Morgan Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffray Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird Robert Cihra – Caris & Company Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Securities
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host for today’s call, Mr. Tony Takazawa.
Tony Takazawa: Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2009. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC’s Chairman and CEO and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC’s activities this quarter and discuss some modeling assumptions for the rest of 2009. Joe will then spent some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC’s execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. A reconciliation of our non-GAAP to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and slides that accompany our presentation. All these are available for download within the investor relations section of EMC.com. As always we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. And with regard to details of the results, I refer you to our financial release from our site. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ, can be found in EMC’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Lastly, I will note that an archive of today’s presentation will be available following the call. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden.
David Goulden: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I’m pleased to announce that EMC achieved solid Q3 results with revenues of $3.5 billion, up 8% from Q2. Non-GAAP EPS is $0.23, up 28% from Q2 and free cash flow of $745 million, up 86% from Q2. It’s encouraging to see our focused efforts resulted in good sequential revenue growth, improving profitability and strong free cash flow in what continues to be a challenging economic and IT spending environments.  Within these results our EMC information infrastructure business achieved $3 billion of revenues and about $0.20 non-GAAP EPS. EM also had a solid third quarter contributing $489 million of revenue or almost $0.04 of non-GAAP EPS for EMC. Results that I would like to particularly highlight include solid overall performance on both a consolidated basis and for EMC information infrastructure, evidence of our model and good execution. Improving both in North America, especially in storage are encouraging signs. Profitability has improved sequentially, a sign of great cost control efforts by EMC and VMware employees. Excellent free cash flow generation demonstrating the strength of our financial model and what looks to be an increasing stability in IT spending, this is important for obvious reasons. Overall, there’s a lot to be positive about in this quarter. This morning, I’m going to make some comments about the Q3 spending environment, our business outlook for the rest of the year and some more specific details from our Q3 results. As you may recall during our Q2 report, we noted that IT spending was becoming more stable and predictable heading into the second half of 2009. While we did not expect a big pick up in the economy or IT spending plans, we believe that customers are becoming increasingly confident about spending their budgets. What we experienced in Q3 was in line with our expectations in this regard. There has not been a noticeable improvement in IT spending plans for 2009, but we did see customers continue to move forward and spend more of their budgets. There was steady customer activity with a more normal ramp during the quarter similar to what we saw in Q2. This is good to see. Based on what we’ve seen through three quarters this year, things are playing out pretty much as we expected so our view of the environment remains unchanged. While second half IT spending is showing more of a normal seasonal progression in Q3 and Q4, it’s coming off a very weak first half. As a result, when all is said and done we still expect overall IT spending to be down very high single to very low double digits for the full year 2009.  More specific to EMC, this second half improvement is a positive sign that customers are getting more comfortable spending their budgets. Our Q3 results are evidence we have the right business model and the right portfolio to do well in these challenging times and give us increased confidence in the remainder of 2009. As a result, we now expect to achieve Q4 consolidated revenue of approximately $4 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $0.30 which will result in 2009 consolidated revenues of approximately $13.9 billion and non-GAAP EPS of $0.87 for the year. Note that these non-GAAP EPS expectations reflect $0.01 of additional dilution due to a slightly higher Q4 share count of about 2.12 billion. Now let’s take a closer look at some of the financial highlights from the quarter. EMC information infrastructure revenues were $3 billion, up 8% sequentially. Within this number information infrastructure program used $1.96 billion and information infrastructure storage revenues were $1.07 billion. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.20, up 40% quarter on quarter. Free cash flow was $576 million.  Looking at the geographic results for the information infrastructure business, our U.S. revenues represented about 55% of total and were up a strong 14% sequentially. Amir and Western America were up 3% and 15% respectively from Q2 while APJ was down 4%. The [big plus] 13 countries were up 8% quarter to quarter and 4% year over year. The very positive data point is that these markets were up 8% year over year on a constant currency basis. While it’s too early to call a trend, it is encouraging to see. In the quarter, we did see some unexpected results from our public sector especially in North America as the U.S. government closed out its fiscal year end. In addition, we saw some upside in the U.S. National Services vertical as their budgets stabilized and they started to make some investments. Looking at results for the businesses within information infrastructure, Q3 information storage revenues were $2.7 billion, up 9% sequentially. In the high end symmetric revenues were up 10% sequentially. While there’s still some pressure on demand of big ticket IT items, the Vmax ramp is ahead of target and proceeding extremely well. The Vmax is popular because it’s a highly differentiated information storage platform with exceptional quality and features. It’s also in line with customer priorities which is consolidation, virtualization and improved efficiency. The Vmax is clearly strengthening our leadership in the high end of the storage markets. In the mid tier, EMC client revenues were up 1% sequentially, a very normal seasonal change. Within this, Dell CLARiiON revenues were down 15% quarter to quarter, with directing channels more than offset this and were off a solid 6%. I think it would be well to spend a few moments and clarify the nature of our sales and our revenues. Dell CLARiiON was 25% of total EMC client revenues this quarter, and there are two types of revenues within it. One type is the OEM revenues for Dell EMC co-branding CLARiiON that makes up about 15% of total CLARiiON. This business is at the core of our partnership with Dell. The second side is a more opportunistic reseller type business that EMC branding plans where EMC is also generally involved in the transaction. These revenues make about 10% of the total CLARiiON We and Dell are strongly committed to the core OEM focus partnership but have chosen to de-emphasize its reseller side business. As a result, the resale revenues were down 24% sequentially and will probably continue to decline over time. While these changes will have an effect on our channel mix in CLARiiON over the next few quarters, we expect a strong progress in our channels business will continue to drive CLARiiON on a successful trajectory. The CLARiiON remains a key element to our broad offering and we are confident that EMC will continue to extend its lead in the mid tier space. EMC’s Celerra NAS business continues to do very well and we achieved our 10th consecutive quarter of double digit year over year revenue growth in Q3 as growth returned to over 40%. In this space, EMC’s unified storage continues to gain a lot of customer traction with the best of combination Celerra NAS. We have a differentiated offering that addresses the needs of both commercial and large customers. This is enabling us to continue grow at a significant rate despite the competition and gain share in a tough spending environment. While the fastest growing opportunities in our storage business is Flash technology, we continue to see a high level of demand for this capability across our platforms. We expect to see even more utilization of Flash in our systems where our fully automatic storage tiering, also known as FAST comes out across all our major platforms later this year. Data Domain is now an integral part of a newly formed division within EMC. While Joe will comment more on this business, I will point out that for the full quarter the Data Domain business was up about 40% year on year. This is a great result in a transition quarter and is ahead of our acquisition plan. Data Doman growth has remained strong throughout 2009 and year to date growth is over 40%. Another positive data point is the fact that the Avamar business continued to experience significant double digit growth in Q3 and is also up over 50% on a year to date basis. Together, this continued growth demonstrations focus and executions by the teams, however the strategic value of this acquisition is indicative of the strength and leadership we have in these markets. Additional storage highlights include the progress on our Mozy online PC back up business has made including a strategic announcement in September. In September we joined TelCom to offer file based services and a more recent agreement with Votaphone. In addition, Iomega, a consumer and small business focused operation is seeing increased customer demand for back up protection and expect next quarter up strong double digits year over year. Information storage is a great business and we’re committed to making the investments necessary to expand EMC’s lead. As customers are beginning their journey to private clouds, we’re focused on helping them make the transition at their own pace. With our broad portfolio, solutions and partnerships EMC is uniquely able to help solve their problems today while at the same time helping them position themselves to meet the needs of tomorrow. While the economy continues to be challenging, we’re confident we’ll continue to gain share because EMC has the best, the broadest and the most integration portfolio to meet the needs of customers both now and in the future. Our RSA security revenues in Q3 were $152 million or 4% sequentially. This business has executed well this year. Even in a tough environment growth has been positive each quarter in 2009 as information sensitive security continues to be a top customer priority. Our strategy here is playing out well as RSA is more than holding its own across its major businesses such as authentication, SIEM, DLC and encryption. The recent agreements we signed with First Data Corporation is great evidence of this success. This is a first of its kind solution to seamlessly embed RSA security encryption capabilities right into First Data’s infrastructure which can then be offered as a service to First Data’s 5.4 million retail customers. This is further proof of how information centric security is an important focus of customers and highlights RSA’s strong position here. Revenues from our content management and archive division in Q3 were $177 million, down 2% sequentially. As we went through the quarter, there were signs of customer engaging a bit more on these types of projects, especially in areas such as compliance and case automation. We also expect that addition of Cashion to our e-discovery business will be positive going forward. As an example, early this week we just announced that Cashion base source one solution for managing share point repositories, a new opportunity for us. In Q3 the EMC’s global services business performed well. Our revenues grew 4% sequentially. The organization continues to improve its customer value proposition and as a result we’ve seen more opportunities across our customer base. In addition it’s great to see the customer loyalty and satisfaction remain very high. EMC’s associate capabilities are an important competitive [inaudible] that we’re confident will continue to help customers meet their near term and cost compare requirements while supporting the longer term objectives for protecting their data centers for the future. Now turning to some highlights from the income statements; Q3 EMC information infrastructure non-GAAP gross margins were 53.1%. Operating margins were 16.7%. Both metrics are up year over year from the 52.8% and 16% we reported in Q3 2008.  Clearly we’ve done very well executing our cost reduction plans and maintaining disciplined expense controls in order to show improved profitability off a smaller revenue base. More telling perhaps is that Q3 non-GAAP gross margin was up 270 basis points and operating margin was up 320 basis points from last quarter. This is an excellent result of our successful cost reduction efforts and a good example of leverage in our model. I’d like to thank everyone at EMC for the hard work and dedication in achieving this result. This margin strength is impressive taking into account that we are also making necessary investments for the future. As you’ll recall we are investing in transition efforts to reduce our long term cost structure and we spent $35 million so far in 2009. We’ve also invested approximately $60 million in our Cloud infrastructure services business this year. As we mentioned last quarter, we continue to be well ahead of our plan for cost savings of $450 million in 2009 versus 2008. We also continue to target $500 million in savings in 2010 versus 2008 from these initiatives. We are committed to a healthy balance of growth, leverage and investment for the future. I think we’ve done a very good job in a challenging environment. Given our recent efforts, we believe we’re putting into place a business model that can support a fair amount of growth operating leverage while at the same time allowing us to strengthen EMC’s lead and invest in our strategic growth opportunities. Joe will discuss these opportunities and our efforts in more detail later. Now turning to a few highlights from our consolidated results; total Q3 consolidated revenues were approximately $3.5 billion, up 8% sequentially and down 5% year on year. On a constant currency basis, revenues were down about 4% from last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.23 and free cash flow was $745 million. Free cash flow this quarter is $265 million higher than non-GAAP net income, a great result. So far this year we’ve generated $1.8 billion in free cash flow. This is more than $660 million greater than cumulative non-GAAP net income through three quarters and slightly higher than the free cash flow in the same period in 2008. We are very pleased with the strong cash generation we’ve achieved so far this year. The non-GAAP tax rate for Q3 was 17.4%. We now expect the rate for the full year to be around 19%. The rate we report in Q3 reflects the revised annual rate including the necessary adjustments for Q1 and Q2. The 2009 tax rate is expected to more than our previous estimates due to changing global income mix and higher R&D tax credits. Consolidated operating cash flow was $808 million. A few balance sheet items impacting operating cash flow include deferred revenues which were $3.5 billion, inventory turns which was $7.7 billion and DSO’s which were 49 days all very good given the economic climate. We ended Q3 with $8.4 billion in cash and investments of which $3.7 billion is held overseas and an additional $2.2 billion is at VMware. This quarter we spent approximately $2.5 billion on acquisitions and strategic investments. The bulk of this was due to the EMC and VMware acquisitions of Data Domain and Spring Source respectively. Financial flexibility is a critical strength and a competitive edge for EMC particular in an unpredictable economy. Our financial strength allows us to continue to invest in our business, even during challenging economic times. In closing, we’re clearly pleased with our Q3 results. The breadth and depth of our technology and solutions portfolio allows us to assist customers in achieving strong ROI for their current IT projects while helping them effectively and efficiently move towards re-architecting their data centers for the future. Although the economy remains unsettling and spending environment is challenging we are encouraged with the signs of stabilization we’re seeing and we believe that our strategy of our portfolio position has done exceptionally well and successful in the marketplace. Our execution this year has been very good. We’re making a lot of headway on cost efficiencies and important investments for the future. We remain focused on meeting our short term objectives and positioning ourselves competitively for long term success. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Tucci: I would also like to welcome everyone to today’s call. Thank you for joining us. Overall, given the current IT spending environment I was quite pleased with our Q3 results. Our results demonstrated that the market demand for our storage virtualization, security, compliant back up recovery and archive solutions was and is solid. EMC’s business model has proven resilient and strong in this turbulent economic climate. The people of EMC and VMware around the globe are executing our strategy and business plan very well and as always, I want to thank them for their hard work and dedication and congratulate them on their success. I am sure the top issue on your minds are around what EMC is experiencing relative to this economic climate and even more so, what’s happening on the IT spending front now and into 2010. I’ll start with Q3. Throughout Q3 the predictability of our business was very good. The timing of our order flows throughout the quarter were very close to our historical patterns. Market acceptance of our new product lines were strong and very importantly, the confidence and espre de core of our people is exceptionally high. On the macro front, 2009 is progressing pretty much as we expected. We predicted back in our January call that the year on year revenue declines would bottom out in Q2 and that IT spending in the second half of 2009 would be stronger than the first half, and as you can see from our quarter results and our Q4 forecast, this is the way the year seems to be playing out. I might also note we predicted the continued consolidation of the IT market with a particular belief that the larger players would be the most aggressive. For sure, this is happening, including EMC as a consolidator. And again, we predict this trend will continue. As David indicated, our practice has always been to talk about next year in detail on the January conference call and we intend to continue this practice for 2010. However, I will give you a bit of feel for how we are thinking 2010 will shape up both from an IT spending point of view and from a consolidated EMC product and solution competitive point of view. For 2010 on a macro economy economic recovery front, we expect a slow but steady recovery. In 2010 we expect IT spending to return to growth, albeit somewhat below the historical growth levels we saw in 2004 through 2007. We also expect the year on year growth in 2010 for storage, virtualization, security and compliant back up archiving and recovery will be above IT industry averages. Most importantly, we believe we have a terrific set of technology assets in virtualization and Cloud as well as in information storage and security. With these assets, we are squarely focused on four opportunities that are or will become multi-billion dollar markets, markets we expect will exhibit solid double digit growth not only in 2010 but well beyond. The first and largest of these opportunities is to provide key technology and support to help our customers move to the next generation of fully virtualized data centers. We call this our internal or private Cloud initiative. This move will provide our customers with a more flexible and dynamic IT environment; one that’s easier to operate, one that is extremely secure and very importantly, one that costs significantly less to build and operate. The second growth opportunity is the external or public Cloud. We will work with our Telco and service provider partners to establish external Clouds that are fully compatible with the internal Clouds that enterprise customers will build out.  As part of these two initiatives we with our Echo System partners will enable our customers to establish their own federated Clouds. These Clouds will allow customers to distribute their IT workloads across their own unified and internal Cloud data centers and the external Cloud data centers of their chosen service provider partners will deploy, providing our customers with another level of flexibility and efficiency. EMC will also offer a portfolio of SAS spaced solutions that will operate on top of these Cloud infrastructures. Our first is Mozy, that provides online PC back up.  The third opportunity for us to provide the benefits of virtualization and fully protected compliant information storage to the desktop and mobile market. This client initiative benefits customers by allowing them to more efficiently provision users once, not for each of their multiple continuously changing devices. This means not only a better, simpler management scheme, but better security and protection from viruses and provides a lower total cost of ownership. The fourth opportunity is for EMC to lead the charge for the next generation of back up, recovery and archive solutions. We have sized this market at approximately $10 billion for 2009. It’s an extremely fragmented market with EMC being the leader. The opportunity here stems from the continuing sea of data that customers need to better manage and protect. The attributes of automated tier storage coupled with the duplication technologies are the keys to success here. Clearly we are absolutely accelerating the move to back up and recovery from tape to disc. And the best news of all according to a recent Gartner study, only 8% of back up recovery solutions currently deploy used data duplication technology, a great opportunity for EMC. We have moved extremely aggressively since our acquisition of Data Domain. We have already formed a new $1 billion plus division we call BRS or back up and recovery systems. This division, led by former Data Domain’s CEO Frank Slootman combines Data Domain, Avamar, Networker and our disc areas. And again, in its first quarter of operation produced very impressive results. It is very important to note that for EMC to capitalize on these four strategic growth opportunities, we will need a strong network of complimentary alliance partners. Obviously we will partner very closely with VMware, but I want to make it very clear that all other technology companies and I mean all, are welcome and in fact encouraged to also partner with VMware. And as always, they can be assured of open and equal access to the VMware’s leading technologies. And, over the next several weeks and months we will continue to form deep alliances with leading IT players in the areas of infrastructure technology, application providers, system service providers and system integrators. EMC’s ecosystem will be second to none. Also, I’m proud of the seasoned and talented executive team that EMC has in place. EMC II is anchored by Bill Turbert, David Goulden, Howard Alias and now Pat Gelsinger and of course we have on the VMware side, a really strong team. In closing, we believe we have the vision, the strategy, the technology and the partner ecosystem and management team in place for EMC to win and prosper into the future.  Thanks again for joining us, and now I’d like to turn it over to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you try and limit yourself to one question including clarification. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: I want to try and understand a little bit the guidance and you’re implying on an organic basis. By my math it looks like maybe Data Domain was about $70 million of revenue contribution in this quarter, and I believe you had mentioned that you would do about $200 million with Data Domain for the full year. So if I look at your guidance on an organic basis, it looks like you’re guiding somewhere around 12% to 13% sequential growth versus historical more normal seasonal growth of about 16% to 17%. I’d like to understand what the puts and takes are there, what you’re assuming for Data Domain and why we should think kind of a sub seasonal growth for Q4.
David Goulden: Data Domain gave us about three points of growth on a quarter on quarter basis, on a year on year basis in Q3, so a little stronger than the number that you mentioned there. When I apply that and I look at the sequential from Q3 to our Q4, given that we had Data Domain for most of the Q3 and all of Q4, I can normalize that. I’m looking at about at 14% reported growth, about 13.5% organic growth. If you look at that compared to prior years normalized acquisition that would compare to about 15% that we see in what I call a growth year with a full budget flush. So given that we’re in a tough economy with IT budgets still being under scrutiny, we think that 14% sequential growth that we guide to is actually a very impressive number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital.
Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Could you talk about what your plans are for your cash? You had good cash flow this year so far. You have your share count creeping up with the higher stock price and you have a convert. Maybe it’s time to buy back more stock or discuss what your acquisition strategy remains to be. Is it string of pearls or anything bigger on the horizon.
Joseph Tucci: Our stated preference and I’ll state it again is to continue with our string of pearls approach. I also always state that I don’t want to take any options off the table that we believe firmly will benefit our shareholders and the company for the long haul, but nothing has changed on that front and that will for sure be one of the focuses for usage of cash and obviously you’re right, it’s a couple of years away yet but we do have to think about taking out the convert for cash which is what we’re going to do.
David Goulden: On our cash situation, obviously $8.4 billion, as I mentioned $3.7 billion is sitting overseas and $2.2 is sitting at VMware, so you can take that into account. But given the four strategic growth opportunities that Joe has outlined and the huge potential for us to really expand our business in those areas, that’s kind of prime focus for how we’re looking for our cash to work right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.
Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Could you give us a little bit more detail about the verticals that you saw that showed a lot of strength this quarter and how you see that progressing into Q4?
Joseph Tucci: We had a lot of strength in federal. We did better than you might expect in the financial services. That held it’s own as David pointed out. The oil and gas sectors continues to be strong. There was no really terrible areas. We had a pretty good spread.
Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Would you expect the financial vertical showing sort of a strong recovery heading into ’10 after some really depressed spending levels earlier this year or is this sort of a one quarter blip?
Joseph Tucci: I think it’s going to be slow and steady. I don’t think it’s a one quarter blip nor do I think financial services are going to be bringing out their check books big time next year. I just think it’s going to be slow and steady. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Wamsi Mohan – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: You highlighted the operating leverage on the core EMC infrastructure business but when you look on a consolidated basis the revenues declined 5% and expenses declined 3% so on a consolidated basis the gap between the revenue decline and the expense decline year over year does not seem to be narrowing significantly. Should we expect that divergence to continue or should we view this more of a one time given the Spring Source acquisition?
David Goulden:  I actually think, obviously you’re asking what happens on the VMware side and the reason our non-GAAP operating margin basis, you’re not seeing quite so much contribution from VMware this quarter compared to a year ago is really the impact of the software capitalization. I mentioned to you back in January that software capitalization, the net effect of software capitalization was going to be a significant headwind this year, and that is proving to be the case particularly in the second half of the year with VMware being where you’re seeing the biggest impact. Obviously a lot of the development costs were capitalized. Those are now being amortized and there’s less new capitalization to offset that. So that’s the major factors impacting what’s happening to the VMware non-GAAP numbers as looked at from the EMC point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moskowitz –J. P. Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz –J. P. Morgan: The question revolves the unified storage platform. You’re doing quite well there in terms of the 40% growth. I’m just kind of curious if you can give us a little more context around how much of this growth is being driven primarily with legacy EMC customers versus new incremental customers to EMC?
Joseph Tucci: We don’t traditionally break out how much is to our base so to speak and how much is to new, but I will say that if we look at the what we call our unified product line which is what you’re asking about which is the NAS plus product line that had over 40% growth, we’re clearly capturing new names also at a pretty impressive rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Fearnley – FNT Equity Capital.
William Fearnley – FNT Equity Capital: For the Dell relationship, you mentioned quickly the de-emphasizing the reseller agreement. Do you think the EMC channel in the direct channel especially in the CLARiiON side make up for whatever revenue falls off here from the change in the Dell relationship?
Joseph Tucci: I certainly think we have that capability. But I just want to make it pretty clear that as David talked to you about, between Dell and us, we’re extremely committed to the OEM side of the relationship. What’s kind of winding down if you will is the reseller side of the relationship and of course as that winds down on that side, we’re trying to pick up that slack with our own direct sales and mostly through channel partners, and David talked to you about some pretty impressive growth there. So obviously we had sequential growth within CLARiiON despite a significant down through the Dell channel so I would say we are certainly beyond the knee of the curve and we ought to continue to work with Dell and make sure this OEM opportunity becomes stellar and grows and at the other side also work with Dell about opportunities around our duplication technology, around opportunities with our NAS technology and at the same time, continue to build out other channels and beef up our direct selling organization to make sure that we can pick up the slack that we’re going to lose from the reseller side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ghai Rajesh – Thinkequity.
Ghai Rajesh – Thinkequity: You mentioned high end storage was stronger during the quarter. I just wanted to understand how much of your high end storage revenue is being contributed by Vmax and also if you can quantify the effect of the transition into the architecture gross margin.
David Goulden: The good news is that this quarter over 50% of our symmetric system revenues came from Vmax which means that in the second full quarter up to a full half or a little over half of Vmax, that really is about one quarter faster than we would have expected typically especially from a major transition like this. It takes three quarters before we get to 50%. So we think that’s a very good sign.
Ghai Rajesh – Thinkequity: And the effect of the transition into architecture on gross margin metrics.
David Goulden: Obviously you’ve seen a lot of operating leverage and gross margin leverage coming through the quarter. As we said, as Vmax ramps to volume it has lowered production costs at Vmax 4, so that’s one of the main factors that did help us to drive our operating margin and gross margin increase quarter on quarter.
Ghai Rajesh – Thinkequity: Can you put a timeline for transition for other platforms into architecture?
David Goulden: All our platforms are now on into architecture. If you look at the latest generation, 100% of our platforms are at Intel architecture.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Mansky – Cannacord Adams.
Paul Mansky – Cannacord Adams: I wanted to follow up on the change in the nature of the Dell relationship, or at least the go to market as you’ve detailed a couple of times. How are you thinking about margin contribution from that revenue stream going forward both in terms of gross and operating.
Joseph Tucci: The OEM relationship is the most profitable to both of us because obviously they make better margins, but then they do virtually all of the selling. So when you net those two out, it actually ends up ironically being better for both of us so we can get this to grow. And that certainly is the intention.
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Ireland – J. P. Morgan.
Douglas Ireland – J. P. Morgan: My question was about the product cycle coming up in the next generation data center and some of the deferred maintenance on servers that we’ve seen. Can you talk a little bit about what you see coming in terms of a data center refresh?
Joseph Tucci: I’m not 100% sure of your question so let me take a stab at it and if I’m not on what you’re asking let me know. I think what we’re really saying is, if you look at the inherent power of these new class of four core going to eight core very quickly here, processors that Intel has out, and the amount of memory they can have and the amount of power they have and if you look at the road map, it is clear. And the fact that these processors have a lot of what Intel calls VT technology which is virtualization aware technology, which brings down the overhead of a VMware for instance. It’s clear to us that data centers of the future will be pretty close to 100% virtualized and under a VM type environment, you’ll be able to run any and all applications. Once you get to that particular opportunity, if you look at where VM has taken, you’ll be able to have a much different management model and be able to have a lower cost infrastructure to run your applications. That’s where we’re headed. And of course from a storage point of view, we are two systems we’ve done from scratch if you will to make sure we’re there. On the block side we’ve done a lot of work with Vmax and then on the object side we’ve come out with a brand new system called Atoms and then of course by the very definition of our future now systems, will play very well there too. And then of course it puts a real premium on security as you do more federation across more of your own data centers or your partner’s data centers and those cover areas of data leakage and protection and verification and the GRC side of making sure you have good security for data management and this is what we do in our RSA. So we think we’re very well positioned for that cycle and that’s what that cycle will be made up of.
Operator: Your next question comes from Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffray.
Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffray: If you look at the mix of the margins here both services and products were up nicely. Do you think you can sustain the gross margins on the services side in the mid 60’s and do you think the product gross margins can get back to the mid to high 50’s level?
David Goulden: On the services margins, yes we’ve made a lot of improvement there. That’s been through a lot of our cost re-engineering, cost improvement and efficiency programs on the services side. As I’ve mentioned, we’ve done that while keeping customer loyalty pretty close to all time highs so we’re very pleased with that. So we expect to be able to maintain margins at this level, but don’t expect to see a huge amount of improvement from here forth on the services side. As I said on the product side, the biggest factor in our margin equation going in to this year, certainly back in Q1 was the volume effect and you can see as volumes have increased sequentially during the year that we see a nice improvement in product gross margins and we do believe that as volumes continue to increase and we continue to see the full effect of our new technologies, there’s certainly some upside potential on that side as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird.
Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird: I know close rates are more important than pipelines sometimes, but if you could talk about pipeline and just trying to get a sense for pent up demand.
Joseph Tucci: Well so far as I said our productivity against our pipeline has been very good. Our pipelines have been proved accurate and obviously that’s what gave us the confidence to call a 14% growth from Q3 to Q4 and it’s a real growth because there’s really no acquisition effects because we had the acquisitions done in the case of Data Domain in Q3. So it’s pretty close as David said. We wouldn’t have made a call like that if we didn’t have the pipelines and the visibility to make that call, and obviously the proof is in the pudding. Our sales force now has got to come through but they’ve got a pretty good track record, and that gave us the confidence to do what we did.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Cihra – Caris & Company.
Robert Cihra – Caris & Company: On Vmax, I don’t know if you can parse it out this way or not but can you get any feeling for how much of this is new buying, people excited over the architecture and what not for virtualization versus customers replacing old DX3’s from back in ’05 and ’06?
Joseph Tucci: There’s obviously some and some. We just don’t give out that level of detail. We think we’re pretty forthcoming and we for sure believe we give more than most, but it is definitely some and some. I know that’s not the answer you want.
Robert Cihra – Caris & Company: Is FAST starting? Is that still ramping in Q4 in terms of that feature.
Joseph Tucci: FAST is a late Q4 delivery so it will have some impact on Q4 and that is deliverable in Q4, but not a heck of a lot. It will be delivered and ready for customers before the end of the year and the of course that’s code for saying the very end of the year. So that means you’ll see the impact really next year.
David Goulden: FAST is not just a symmetrics issue. FAST will be coming across all our major storage platforms so expect that to help in some areas as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Securities.
Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Securities: I understand you’re not talking about Q1, but can you comment on the typical seasonality for Q1? Are you expecting less than normal sequential decline as the macro situation gets better?
Joseph Tucci: I think we’ve done more than we usually do, so I’ll kind of take the fifth again. We always have a very detailed run down in our January call. We’ll do that again. I wanted to give you some of our thinking as we’re building our plans and what expect the market to do which I’ve done, but other than that I don’t want to go any further right now. Thanks everybody for joining us, and as I said we are excited about our product portfolio. We’re excited about the opportunity that we have in these four great areas in addition to our kind of business as usual. I personally am excited about the management team and success that we’ve built here and I think it’s going to serve us and the shareholders very well. So again thank you for your interest in EMC as always and we’ll be talking to you soon.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa – VP, Global IR David Goulden – EVP and CFO Joe Tucci – Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital Mark Kelleher – Brigantine Advisors Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Wamsi Mohan – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Brian Marshall – Broadpoint AmTech Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Chris Whitmore – Deutsche Bank Bill Choi – Jefferies Mark Moskowitz – JPMorgan Bill Shope – Credit Suisse Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffray David Bailey – Goldman Sachs and Co. Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator instructions). I would like to introduce your host for today’s call Mr. Tony Takazawa. Sir, you may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Diane. Good morning. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2009. Today, we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President, and CEO; and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC’s activities this quarter and discuss some modeling assumptions for 2009. Joe will then spend sometime discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC’s execution of the strategy, and how EMC is positioned. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the line to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be referring to non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation unless otherwise indicated. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the investor relations section of EMC.com. As always, we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. And with regard to details of VMare’s results, we refer you their financial release from last night. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements. And information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the US Securities & Exchange Commission. And lastly, I will note that an archive of today’s presentation will be available following the call. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to announce that EMC achieved solid future results. Our focused execution this quarter resulted in EMC achieving revenues of $3.26 billion, non-GAAP EPS of $0.18 and free cash flow of $400 million. The sequential revenue growth, improving profitability, and strong cash flow is encouraging given the continued economic environment. Within these results, our EMC information infrastructure business achieved $2.8 billion in revenue, a little over $0.14 of non-GAAP EPS. And as you saw last night, VMware also had a solid quarter coming in at the high end of that expected change. VMware’s results contributed $455 million of revenue and $3.03 of non-GAAP EPS for EMC. This morning, I am going to make some comments about the future spending environments, our business outlook for the second half of the year and some specific details from our Q2 results. Turning now to the financial results for EMC’s information infrastructure business, we believe that overall IT spending levels in Q2 were relatively flat with Q1, however, Q2 spending seemed more stable and a little more predictable during the quarter. We attribute the stabilization to customers having more confidence in their IT budgets that they had at the beginning of the year. Although the economic environment remains very tough and customers continue to scrutinize their spending very carefully, the stabilization is a positive sign. Within this IT spending environments, I am pleased that we achieved sequentially better revenue profitability in Q2. During the quarter, we experienced more normal linearity compared with Q1 and the business delivered sequential revenue growth across all our major geographies and in all of our business units. The area of our business that most exceeded our expectations was our information storage business in North America, where revenues were up 5% sequentially. Positive increase was due to a more favorable budget environments and part was due to storage capacity upgrades that customers deferred in Q1. We also firmly believe the strength of our product portfolio was an advantage. While pressure on global IT spending is expected to continue, our results from the first half of the year give us more confidence and we have the right business model and the right product portfolio to do well under challenging conditions. So with that as a backdrop, I will make some comments about our business outlook for the remainder of the year. I view that overall IT spending in 2009 will be down very high single to very low double digits have not changed. Based on the more stable spending environment we saw in Q2, our first-half performance and what we are seeing here in the marketplace, we now have better visibility and more confidence in the second half of 2009. We are now planning for EMC to achieve revenues of approximately $13.8 billion and non-GAAP EPS of approximately $0.82 for the year. These expectations include the acquisition of Data Domain. In the near term, we believe the seasonality of our revenues from Q2 to Q3 will be more normal, i.e. up 2% to 3% with the remainder of the business coming in Q4. However, EMC reported revenues will probably be up 4% to 5% quarter-over-quarter due to the inclusion of Data Domain in Q3. Now let's take a closer look at some of the financial highlights from the quarter. EMC information infrastructure revenues were $2.8 billion, up 5% sequentially and down approximately 13% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis, revenues were down about 9% year-over-year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.14. Free cash flow was $213 million. Excluding a series of inter company tax payments between EMC and VMware, EMC information infrastructure free cash flow was $298 million which was higher than non-GAAP net income of about the same as Q2 2008. In the quarter, information infrastructure product revenues were $1.8 billion and information infrastructure services revenues were $1 billion. Looking at the results for the business units with information infrastructure, Q2 information storage revenues were $2.5 billion, up 5% sequentially. In the high end, Symmetrix revenues were down 3% sequentially reflecting the continued pressure on large ticket items within the enterprise. I am pleased to announce the introduction of our new Symmetrix V-Max System is going very well and reception for customers has been phenomenal. Customers appoint to V-Max directly into production environments and these systems are achieving six-nines of availability. I hope you understand what six-nines availability means, this equates to an average of approximately 30 seconds of unavailability per system per year, truly unprecedented performance. We are very confident in the Symmetrix’s V-Max is a highly differentiated information storage platform that’s going to strengthen and extend our leadership in the high end of the storage markets. In the mid-tier, EMC CLARiiON revenues bounced back nicely, and were up 12% sequentially. North America and Asia Pacific have strong performance here. While the fastest growing opportunities in our storage business is flash technology and we continue to see a high level demand for this capability across our platforms, year to date, we have shipped over 1 terabyte of solid state drives and we expect to see even more utilization of flash on our systems going forward, particularly when our fully automated storage tiering (ph) software comes out for Symmetrix V-Max later this year. EMC’s Celerra NAS business continues to do very well and we achieved our ninth consecutive quarter of double digit revenue growth in Q2. The reliability and scalability of the unified storage systems are very important competitive differentiators within both commercial and large customers, and we continue to gain market share. Importantly, we are encouraged to see more customers planning to add EMC as a new dual source in their previously net up only environments. EMC’s backup and recovery software solutions had good double digit sequential growth and I am very pleased that EMC’s Avamar deduplication solutions grew at over 40% year-on-year. Next generation backup and recovery is a major focus for EMC and we are delighted to welcome Data Domain to our information storage business. Including Data Domain, EMC is clearly the leading provider of deduplication technology with multiple ways for customers to utilize deduplication to manage data growth and reduce costs. Although not included in EMC’s results reported today, Data Domain achieved Q2 revenues of almost $86 million, up 8% sequentially and up 40% year-on-year. Dell represents about 10% of EMC’s total revenues in Q2. Within this, Dell was approximately 29% of CLARiiON revenues, representing a higher percentage than in Q1. While the near-term economy is challenging, we are confident that over the long term we will gain share as EMC continues to have the best and also the broadest and the most integrated storage product portfolio. EMC’s storage platform span across the consumer, mid-tier and high end markets, and we continue to lead the market with cost effective, energy efficient solutions with the latest feature functionality. Information storage is a core strength of EMC’s business and our growth and profitability has been strong over the last few years. Our gross margins in this business have consistently been around 50% over the last two years. In Q2, our storage margin bounced back a little and were up 70 basis point sequentially to 48.5%. This is a nice improvement and looking ahead, we expect storage margin to be back around 51% for the second half of 2009. Information storage is a great business and we committed to investing in R&D programs that will extend EMC’s technology lead to deliver the best portfolio of information storage across the solutions, specifically designed and optimized for virtual data centers and cloud computing environments. Our RSA security revenues in Q2 were up 3% sequentially and up 2% year-over-year. The demand for RSA’s identity protection and verification products continues to be strong as customers look for ways to prevent fraud and reduce potential liabilities. We believe that our RSA IPV suite is becoming the factor of choice for all line and credit card banking authentication. Within RSA security information and event management offerings, the RSA InVision 40 platform had another quarter of strong double digit growth. In June, we announced a partnership to embed data classification technology and policies from the RSA data loss prevention suite and start as part of Cisco’s IronPort E-mail Security Solutions. And just yesterday, we announced RSA software tokens for iPhones providing a very convenient and cost-effective way to use two-factor authentication. Even in a tough environment, information security remains the top priority with customers. Revenues for our Content Management and Archiving division in Q2 were up 3% sequentially and down 12% year-on-year. Managing unstructured data and compliance is a key challenge for companies of all sizes, and we continue to focus on providing customers with content management solutions that deliver more immediate ROI. Towards this end, we are encouraged that our SourceOne information government solution, the next generation email archiving, saw good demand in Q2 and was a key offering in several large solution deals this quarter. In Q2, EMC’s global service’s organization performed well and grew 6% sequentially. We are confident that EMC servicing capabilities will continue to help customers meet their near term cost containment requirements while supporting their longer term objectives for rearchitecting the data center for the future. We believe our services organization will continue to be an important competitive differentiator in helping customers virtualized the data centers and plan for cloud computing environments. Turning to some highlights from the income statements, Q2 non-GAAP gross margins were 50.4%, up 80 basis point sequentially mostly due to higher volumes. We also have nice improvements in our Q2 non-GAAP operating margin, which was up 220 basis points from Q1 to 13.5%. We have done very well executing our cost reduction plans having seen the benefits in our results. We have also maintained very disciplined expense control and had some extra benefit from currency and some one time improvements. Make it out, this puts us ahead of our planned cost reductions for 2009 and we factor this into our outlook. For 2010, we still expect cost savings of $500 million including the reversal of some of the cost savings such as the 2009 rate reduction. At this time, we are also utilizing our financial strength to improve our operating structure and invest in future high growth market opportunities. We spent $20 million so far this year transitioning to a more cost effective operating structure and we have already executed a number of initiatives under this program. For example, we are making good progress on our planned global real estate consolidation. Over next two years, we will increase the utilization of our company owned space and improve the efficiencies of our manufacturing facilities, data centers and R&D labs. As part of our restructuring announcement in January, we are incurring planned additional restructuring charges in 2009 and 2010 for ongoing cost containment initiatives. To date in 2009, we have booked about $50 million in charges. And in terms of new market opportunities, we have invested about $40 million in our cloud infrastructure business this year. By effectively reducing costs, improving operating efficiencies and continue to invest in new market opportunities, we are reinforcing the resiliency of our business model for the long term. We believe that net effect of these operational improvements will position us well for the next really big opportunities in IT. Joe will expand on these in his remarks. Now turning to a few highlights from our consolidated results, total Q2 consolidated revenues were approximately $3.26 billion, up 3.4% sequentially and down 11.3% for the year. On a constant currency basis, revenues were down about 8% year-on-year. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.18 and free cash flow was $400 million, over $40 million better than Q2 non-GAAP net income. So far this year, we generated almost $1.1 billion in free cash flow. This is $400 million more than first half non-GAAP net income and almost the same free cash flow as in the first half of 2008. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was approximately 20%. Q2 consolidated operating cash flow was $574 million. A few balance sheet items that impacted Q2 operating cash flow include deferred revenues, which were $3.3 billion, inventory churns which were $7.8 and DSOs which were 52 days, all very good given the current economic climate. We ended Q2 with a record $10 billion in cash and investments with $3.7 billion held overseas and $2.3 billion at VMware. This quarter, we spent approximately $260 million on acquisitions and strategic investments. Financial flexibility is a critical strength and competitive advantage for EMC, particularly in this unpredictable economy. Our financial strength allows us to continue to invest in our business even during challenging economic cycles. In closing, we are clearly pleased with our Q2 results. The breath and depth of our technology portfolio allows us to assist customers in achieving strong ROI for the current IT projects while helping them to effectively and efficiently move towards rearchitecting the data centers to the future. Although the spending environment will remain tough, we are encouraged the environment showed signs of stabilization. Our strategy and portfolio positions us exceptionally well in the market and we are pleased that we now have sufficient visibility to forecast our financial results for this year. Our execution this year has been very good, and we are making a lot of headway on cost efficiencies and important investments for the future. We remain focused on meeting our near time objectives while positioning ourselves competitively for longer term success. With that, I will turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Tucci: Thanks, David. I would like to begin by welcoming everyone to today’s conference call. As always, we thank you for your interest in EMC. Overall, given the tough economic and tight capital spending environment in which we operate in, I am pleased with our Q2 results. The EMC and VMware teams around the globe met and exceeded both the top and bottom line goals, which our Boards of Directors set for us this quarter. Now, I would like to take this opportunity to publicly thank each and every member of our team for their hard work and dedication. I would like to give you our view on IT spending, what we experienced in Q2 and what we expect to experience going forward for the second half of 2009. In Q2, we saw IT budgets firm up quite a bit, albeit at lower levels than in 2008. Customer approval processes and the timing of their spending appear to be more normal. In fact, the calendarization of our order flows in Q2 was very close to what we experienced a year ago in Q2 of 2008. Simply put, our business felt more predictable and customers seem to be more comfortable with their spending processes. We are also seeing a definite trend with our customers where they are significantly cutting back on a number of suppliers they want to deal with. They want their supplier relationships going forward to be more strategic, deeper, broader. In short, more partner like ensuring them a greater value proposition. We believe this trend will benefit EMC. Looking forward to the rest of 2009, we continue to believe that Q3 will show slight improvement over Q2 and that Q4 will be the strongest of the four quarters. These beliefs were included in the outlook that David just provided you for 2009. Additionally, we continue to believe that our results will benefit from our strong product cycle and a really robust product portfolio. For 2009 in total, we still believe that overall IT spending is likely to decline year-over-year in a high single digits to very low double digit range, and we firmly believe and expect EMC to gain market share this year. What gives us confidence in the second half of 2009 and well beyond, is the fact that consolidated EMC is a major player in four of the hottest and fastest growing market opportunities in IT namely next generation fully virtualized data centers; cloud computing; virtualized desktops and virtualized clients; and the next-generation of backup, recovery and archive solutions. Each of these higher growth markets represents a multi-billion dollar market opportunity for EMC and they all require X86 software to help customers and service providers manage large pools of compute, network and storage, automatically applying the proper policy and service levels to govern workloads. In that sense, a data center operating system. These four growth opportunities require storage that massively scales, has multi-site active capability, has built in business continuity as policy driven and provides customers with the ability to automatically tier, de-dup and compress their information. These four growth markets require security aspects like identity protection and verification, data loss prevention, and assurance that governance risking appliance metrics are being adhered to. And these four growth markets require an ecosystem of partners that can co-operate and execute seamlessly. In other words, to capitalize on these vast market opportunities require us innovative technology, the go-to-market, the service capabilities, and the partnerships that consolidated EMC has in place. I am quite sure as I talked about these market opportunities and delineate the aspects of technology that are necessary for success, it is now clear to you just how strategic our recent acquisition of Data Domain is across all four of these markets. You heard from David how Data Domain grew a remarkable 40% year-on-year despite a tough economic and IT spending environment. And you heard how we plan to continue this type of growth and exceed $1 billion in revenue next year in 2010 with just the Data Domain and Avamar product lines. I would once again like to publicly welcome Frank Slootman and all the people of Data Domain across the globe into the EMC family. Congratulations on the stellar Q2 and thank you for all you do to delight our customers. Additionally and in conclusion of my formal remarks, I would like to assure you that we are balancing the needs for today like reducing costs while focusing on and investing in high growth market opportunities for tomorrow. We believe we have the vision and strategy in place for us to win and prosper, as the IT markets resume a more normalized growth, our focus on the four robust growth opportunities I mentioned coupled with excellence in execution will allow us to obtain double digit growth rates. I would now like to turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you to try to limit yourselves to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. Thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Diane, can we open up the lines for questions please.
Operator: Yes sir. (Operator instructions) Keith Bachman of Bank of Montreal, you may ask your question.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a question on Data Domain if I could please. I know you mentioned Avamar and Data Domain would add about incremental billion dollars. I was wondering if you could parse that out a little bit and it’s been sometime since you had your conference call if you could tell us how you are thinking about -- or relate it how you are thinking about the accretion potentials related to Data Domain as you look out into calendar year ’10. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Well, David gave you Data Domain’s growth rate and revenue for Q2. We didn’t give you Avamar. We did tell you that Avamar, I will say Avamar is slightly smaller than Data Domain and had a growth rate a little bit higher in the mid 40s, so we get the deduplication which Avamar excels at which is at the source where information is created and of course you have to target as where Data Domain excels, and we feel that this market together we will continue to grow at over 40% next year and those two products alone is not an incremental billion, just remarkable growth to over $1 billion next year on those two products, Keith.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Okay, Joe. And then in the past you have talked about the accretion potential, is there any color that you can give on the incremental opportunities with just data demand on how you are thinking about the accretion potentials?
David Goulden: Keith this Dave. Let me jump in and just kind of recap what we have said. So, we gave you some information in the news release about, 2009 we said that there'll be no impacts on a non-GAAP basis and a little less than $0.02 on the GAAP basis this year. 2010 still will be accretive to us on a non-GAAP basis, but we are not going to qualify that yet, we will give you more information and that was to get closer to year-end.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Okay thank you guys.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Keith. Next question plus.
Operator: Benjamin Reitzes of Barclays Capital, you may ask your question.
Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Yes thanks a lot. My question is on Symmetrix. I believe you said the product was down 3% sequentially, but correct me if I'm wrong, what is the pent-up demand in that upgrade cycle heading into the back half? Is that part of the reason you have a better tone and a visibility and just what you kind of envision for the velocity of this product? Can a cycle last well into 2010, and what are customers telling you, because it clearly seems like it hasn't gotten going yet, and just talking about the velocity of that product price, you know going out, as far as you'd like would be helpful.
Joe Tucci: I will start and I will ask David to add some color. This is Joe. First of all, the V-Max we are very pleased with, we set a plant for Versus-Max and we slightly beat it, and it's being well received by customers. This is the biggest change we've had in Symmetrix since its inception, and so obviously the customers are being careful. What we're going to add only, I think killer applications like colors you have been asking for, which is what we call fast technology, which is fully automated storage tearing, and that comes in the end of the year and of course as that kicks in we do expect that this cycle will carry us also into 2010 very robustly. Want to add to that David?
David Goulden: Joseph very good. Ben you are right, Symmetrix are down 3% sequentially. Obviously as Joe said this is a huge transition. You know some customers or many customers are going straight into production others are still going through their tech labs and a typical transition is three of four quarters to go through the transition to fully transition across and then of course you've still got the bow wave of it being a brand-new technology. So, Joe said, you expect fall through benefits through 2010.
Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Great. Dave, just remind us of the margin profile of Sym versus other products?
David Goulden: Which particular product spend did you have in mind?
Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Well, just, you know is it a positive mix shift in general and vis-à-vis the CLARiiON and other areas of hardware?
David Goulden: Yes. I think as we said before, at the system level there is not a lot of difference between Sym and CLARiiON per se, but of course typically, you know Symmetrix have all things wrapped around in terms of more management software and more services, so the total margin, the solution margin tends to be a little richer on the Symmetrix sales.
Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Thanks guys.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Ben. Next question please
Operator: Mark Kelleher of Brigantine Advisors, you may ask your question.
Mark Kelleher – Brigantine Advisors: Great, thanks for taking the question. It looks like total product gross margins were down about 100 basis points sequentially, you mention storage gross margins were up 17 basis points sequentially, so my question is, what products where under a little bit of pressure to move that overall gross margin number down and could you comment on the overall pricing environment as a factor to those gross margins? Thanks.
David Goulden: Mark let me start and Joe may comment on the pricing environments, but I think we said that overall EMC improvisation, infrastructure margins were up 80 basis points sequentially. If you kind of look at that product versus services, product margins were actually relative flat quarter-on-quarter, so not quite sure whether you're getting your down probably handle that offline later. Basically a couple of factors in that, we did get volume growth, we did get volume benefit in margins, and mainly on the services side, this quarter sequentially, product margins, we actually did get some help from volumes sequentially, but then it was kind of offset by some of the product condition cost associated with kind of running both the DMX-4 and the Versus-Max lines in parallel. So, we are trying to question things we're pretty stable from a front margin point of view. Our pricing environment continues to be tough out there, but if you kind of look at how are margins have basically have faired, let's say you take last Q4 as the baseline, basically all the change can be tied back to volumes that differently, obviously there has been pricing pressure from customers, we mail to offset that through efficiencies and are cost based in manufacturing benefits in the product line.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Mark.
Mark Kelleher – Brigantine Advisors: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Next question please.
Operator: Aaron Rakers of Stifel Nicolaus, you may ask a question.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus: Yes thanks and congrats on a great quarter. I guess my question I want to dive back into the Data Domain assumptions that you're making, if we just take the expectations that are out there for Data Domain right now from Street estimates, it seems to be given that you're recognizing maybe two months of revenue from that, you're implying a decent amount of relative upside to the Street expectations looking into Q4 for Data Domain, so I would like to understand, you know what you're seeing from a revenue synergy perspective, already in the Q4 timeframe. And then if you can also help us understand how you look to position Data Domain i.e. driving synergies out of the expense structure of Data Domain going forward? Thank you.
Joe Tucci: This is Joe. I just kind of break the mystery here. Late into our second half plan, we have about $200 million to pay to domain revenue, okay, to cost Q3 and Q4 okay. The Data Domain story is not about obviously there are some cost and synergies that we can get, but that's not what this is about and that this is not really where we're going, we intend to increase investment in R&D and obviously the big win here is to leverage the EMC go to market force through 85 countries and thousands and thousands of people and really kind of pop this product line to make sure that we actually increased our investment in R&D. So that is going to be the winning story here and then we do believe that by working in better harmony, what we call Avamar source based duplication with target based duplication, we can really create a tremendous win. So, this is all about revenue synergies not cost synergies, not to say that there is not a few cost synergies.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Aaron. Next question please.
Operator: Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, you may ask your question.
Wamsi Mohan – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks guys. I see, another gross margin question I mean, when you look at the information infrastructure gross margins, why shouldn't that get better in 2H from 51%? In Q1, you had noted that there had been four from volumes to smaller extent from pricing, but as you go through product refreshes and volumes improve as your revenue guidance would imply and you get benefits from cost savings that are flowing into cods and you notice some product transition cost that you incurred in this quarter why should we not expect the second half gross margins to trend significantly higher?
David Goulden: Yes, Wamsi I think you may have -- perhaps that wasn’t cleared up in exactly which margin I was talking about, I was talking from an information storage gross margins, obviously an important substance of inflation infrastructures, so just to clarify our storage margins were 48.5% in Q2. They were up 70 basis points in Q1 and that margin rate is the number I was talking about going back up to 51%. Okay got it thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Wamsi. Next question please.
Operator: Brian Marshall of Broadpoint AmTech, you may ask your question.
Brian Marshall – Broadpoint AmTech: Hi great thanks guys. I actually had a question on the information stories gross margins, as well as, if you look at it, the forecast -- well you did about the 64% incremental gross margins in the June quarter, looks like that is going to strike up quite a bit in September and that increase, you know by my calculations in the 60% range in December. I was wondering if you could comment on, you know if we do expect calendar year 2010 to return to some sort of level of normalcy out there, you know would you expect that incremental gross margin on the information storage side of the business to kind of remain constant next year?
Joe Tucci: Brian let me take that. I think that we said and recapped what I said about the margin changes from the end of 2008 into this first half of 2009, obviously we do have some fixed cost rolling through that. Of all those fixed costs related to our warranty expenses in the business as well as some of the manufacturing overhead, so you do have a fixed versus variable equation and that is what we kind of giving you a hint as to what’s going to happen with some variable increase in volume in the second half and you see that margin bounce back again. So, I think I have given you the pieces of the equation as we talk about 2010, we will able to update you from what impact we might think volume could have could have at that point in time.
Brian Marshall – Broadpoint AmTech: Any help on the fixed versus variable structure at this point?
Joe Tucci: No not going to break it down, but you can always do a little bit of modeling just based upon what happened in Q4 to Q1 and get to a pretty good answer yourself.
Brian Marshall – Broadpoint AmTech: Understood thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Brian. Next question please.
Operator: Amit Daryanani of RBC Capital Markets, you may ask your question.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Yes just a quick question. The VMware amortization expense on the EMC results, I think it was supposed to be $0.02 a share, is that what the headwind was this quarter and do you expect that to be a similar issue for the next few quarters?
David Goulden: Well I think you're talking about intangible amortization?
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
David Goulden: If I had understood the question correctly. Yes, I think what we basically told you is that if you go to the press release where we put the non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliation information in there, we expect intangible asset amortization to be $0.08. So, your $0.02 a quarter is approximately correct.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Amit. Next question please.
Operator: Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein, you may ask your question.
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: Yes, thank you. I appreciate the commentary around the market and your belief that it has stabilized. I suppose if I would have looked at your results and your guidance, it actually wouldn't appear clear to me that things have stabilized your year-over-year growth rate at constant currency in Q1 was minus 5.7. It was minus 18 in Q2 and yes you had a tougher compare, but that was only one point tougher. So the year-over-year growth rate actually into that incremental deceleration and your sequential growth guidance up 2% to 3% is a bit lower than history and you're going to get a one or two point currency benefits, so it is more or like zero to one or zero to two, which is below normal seasonality. So, could you comment on the extensible discrepancies between the deceleration in Q1 and Q2 and your perception of stabilization and then you commentary around sequential guidance versus history and how that is also consistent with things firming, perhaps you can talk about your visibility, your pipeline, your backlog, or what else is contributing your view because the numbers in then of themselves don't jump out obviously has being high conviction stabilization.
Joe Tucci: Yes. First of all Toni, maybe it is the way we presented it. For a while, we have been saying and I still think we are going to be right. I said that Q2 is going to be the bottom and then as I said, you know, I don't expect any kind of V-shape recovery. So, as you know and as you right point out, we grew 5% in Q4, we declined 8% in Q1, we climbed 11% in Q2, right. That was year-on-year. So, you're right about your trend, but what we are trying to focusing on is the predictability, you know the forecast we had last quarter were tough and the business came in late and the visibility looking at the windshield was incredibly foggy.  This quarter, you know our forecast held up well, the calendarization, which is our term we use in an internally, it is not actually a real word, but we use internally as how the flow of orders everyday of the quarter and we compare that to the same time last year, same time year before that, same time last quarter, last month -- last month, last quarter, and we have all these kind of metrics that we use and from all those perspective it was a lot more predictable.  When you talk to customers, customers are saying, hey I do have a budget now. Yes it is less than last year by x- percent or whatever the case might be. But I can now have a more normal approval process. So that is kind of what we are saying Toni and maybe we said it wrong in the first time, but that kind of color I think -- and of course if you look at Q3 and our predictions, the year-on-year decline would reverse, right as it did get now get a little bit better.  So that is what we are saying in macro. And then we had enough predictability that we actually could give you a forecast for the second half of the year, we did in terms of the year, but since you have the first half, we gave you a second house forecast in essence, right. So, I think those are the things that we're trying to point out today Toni. Does that address that part of it?
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: Yes. Just on the – I hear you on the year-over-year growth getting better, but you're compare off gets a lot easier, so sequential is more valid and with the currency tailwind you should get, the sequential growth feels a little bit less than normal seasonality, is that just some, you know a little bit of conservatism in there or is there anything else you can comment on?
David Goulden: Tony this is Dave, let me jump in and try out a little bit of flavor there. So, as Joe said, we are talking about stabilization, but from a much lower level of spending, still have a very tight budget environment then we had seen, obviously in the last couple of years. So, yes there should be potentially a little bit of tailwind from currency sequentially, but remember my comments about what happened in Q2 and where we really had the most upside to our internal expectations was in the storage business in North America where some of that was stabilization effect and some of that was some kind of Q1 orders, it just didn't get going in Q1, it came into Q2. So you're going to understand the baseline has impacted a little bit by that. So, taking all things into account, we are also looking for a sequentially stronger Q3 than Q2 and obviously with Q4 being our strongest quarter, I think that pretty positive signs given the economic backdrop.
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Tony. Next question please.
Operator: Chris Whitmore of Deutsche Bank, you may ask your question.
Chris Whitmore – Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much. It looks like on a consolidated basis services margins where a pretty significantly both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year, wanted to understand the outlook for that line item and perhaps on a consolidated basis, what the outlook is for product margins and service margins as they move through the back half? Thanks a lot.
Joe Tucci: Yes, Chris you're right we had -- we saw some nice increase in services margins, couple of impacts that -- one of course we had some volume effects, particularly on our customer services business where fixed costs are relative – where the costs are relatively fixed and obviously volume has a nice benefit. Also, a number of the cost transformation programs that we have been driving have also gone through the services lines. So, you have to benefit on both of those. I have given you a very strong hint on kind of where the biggest piece of product margin is going to go for the second half of the year, and kind of given you the full lookout for the full-year outlook. So, you can kind of triangle at around that, but obviously we are expecting to see, you know margins continue to improve a little bit as you go through second half and you know that is backed into our overall guidance for the year.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Chris. Next question please.
Operator: Bill Choi of Jefferies, you may ask your question.
Bill Choi – Jefferies: Okay thanks. I kind of want to follow up on an earlier question about this guidance. I guess one comment notably missing this time around from David’s prepared comment is, you know thoughts about second-half being a much stronger and that revenue will be more backend loaded this year then perhaps has been historically and if you look at your guidance you are suggesting about 53%, excluding data demand to be generated in the second half. You know that is pretty much right in line with historical trends of 53% to 54%. So, I'm just curious, given update as to why that that wouldn’t be more backend loaded especially if the budgets are getting stabilized? Thanks.
David Goulden: Yes Bill I think couple of factors here. One, when we were predicting Q2 to be roughly flat with Q1 and by definition the second half was getting that much stronger, you know we did see much better sequential growth in Q2 than we expected certainly back in April when we made the comments we made about what was happening to the market at that point in time and then I gave you some of the flavors of kind of what some of the drivers where around that Q2 of growth. So, what the year is now looking to be is to be a little bit more normal from a sequential point of view, clearly with the second half still being stronger than the first half, but the progressions throughout the quarter is being a little bit more normal.  Obviously, you want to think as a big driver in the second half of a normal year is a fair degree of budget flush in Q4. And whilst we obviously predict a little bit and off that and we are predicting some pretty good sequential growth in Q3 to Q4, a budget flush is not going to be at normal levels. So, you know that all adds into what we are telling you about the $13.8 billion or 13.6 with our Data Domain for the year.
Joe Tucci: And remember to, if you looked at Q3 of ‘08, and that quarter was a pretty quarter for us, we grew 13% over Q3 of ‘07. So this is not yet one of those kind of really done compares. Where we spell off a little bit, were as in Q4 of last year, we only grew 5%. So, I think when you look at all that I think that probably is well for our forecast.
Bill Choi – Jefferies: Yes.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Mark Moskowitz of JPMorgan, you may ask your question.
Mark Moskowitz – JPMorgan: Yes thank you good morning. David I was wondering if you could talk a little more about the software revenue stream in the quarter as it relates to license and maintenance and the insights that you could on the growth profile with two, particularly with respect to renewals, trying to a sense of your Sym, a greater level of focus of add-on software, I think your customers who are not really willing to deploy new system yet?
David Goulden: Yes Mark sure. As you know we are now looking at the business on a kind of product versus services basis and we give you the kind of gross margin color for proxies of what's going on. Wasn't really a whole lot of mix shift, in fact almost no mix shift during the quarter within products. Certainly, for the storage business hardware and software performed pretty similarly, and you can see for a content security the profit is software, so you can see what is going on there. Maintenance renewal is doing very well and you saw good sequential growth in this customer services business and software maintenance was a big piece of that. So, we certainly see customers that are wanting to get full value from the maintenance contract from the upgrades that come with that. We view that has a very strong indicator.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Mark. Next question please.
Operator: Bill Shope of Credit Suisse, you may ask your question.
Bill Shope – Credit Suisse: Okay great thanks. Wanted to extend on a question from earlier on the call and it is not on guidance. I want to ask about pent-up demand across both Symmetric and CLARiiON and assuming conditions continue to improve, is there any data that you guys have to suggest that utilization rates are perhaps reaching critical levels or that a normal portion of the installed base is up or passed leased renewed points, or any other data that would help us gauge the potential pace of hardware recovery not just in the second half, but also in the 2010?
Joe Tucci: Bill I could tell you apparently for sure that customers are driving utilization rates up and they are at our beliefs an all-time high. Whether that is critical – whether it is a critical level and they have to abide, I mean we are certainly there is only so far you can storage and you got to do it next by, so whether it is critical or not I don't know, but that certainly had an all-time high in terms of utilization rates that I can tell you.
Bill Shope – Credit Suisse: Okay very helpful. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Bill. Next question please.
Operator: Troy Jensen of Piper Jaffray, you may ask your question.
Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffray: Yes quick question for Joe here. Industry consolidation, obviously last quarter we saw a lot of it, just curious to know if you think it is going to continue and is there any holes in EMC’s product lines that need to be filled in the near term?
Joe Tucci: I do think it is going to continue Troy, as an industry trend for sure. As far as holes are concerned, there is nothing glaring, but there are -- we are always on the look for opportunities and there are a couple or little areas that we would like to expand and obviously it is my policy as always been not to comment on them because I just kind of work against myself when I do that or work against the Company when I do that. So, there is nothing major that we have to have, it would all be only in the case that they are really could drive a lot of shareholder value.
Troy Jensen – Piper Jaffray: Keep up the good work gentlemen.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Troy. Next question please.
Operator: David Bailey of Goldman Sachs, you may ask your question.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs and Co.: Great. I was wondering if you can give us an idea of what percentage of your cost cuts have been completed so far and when do you expect to wrap those up?
David Goulden: Yes, sure David. We have told you that we do plan to exceed our original $450 million reductions for 2009 and that’s factored into guidance. To give you a flavor, we have basically done two thirds of the headcount reductions now. Sorry, three quarters on headcount reductions are now complete. While some of the other programs like real estate, like some of the other infrastructure costs reductions will basically come out during the second half of the year and go into 2010. So, we are actually a little ahead of our original targets of the year, we will beat the original target for 2009, and we're still confident about the $500 million for 2010.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs and Co.: Great, thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks David. We have time for one more question, and then we will have some comments from Joe.
Operator: Our last question comes from Alex Kurtz of Merriman Curhan, you may ask your question.
Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Yes. Thanks for sneaking mean here. So, Joe what kind of activity levels are you seeing between he enterprise and commercial groups in North America. So, how do you see that projecting to the rest of the year and then underneath that sort of is the competitive landscape shifting it all and any comments around IBM and XIV would be helpful. Thank you.
Joe Tucci: The competitive landscape hasn't really changed in all that much. Right now, we see a little more kind of action I would say in the commercial marketplace than we do in the enterprise. Activity levels are quite high in both, but the actual buying patterns of the commercial is a little ahead right now and basically, as far as the landscape is concerned I don't really see any change and I would include IBM and XIV. We have always had high competition with IBM and it continues at about the same level.
Alex Kurtz – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Joe Tucci: Okay. Well in closing, I just like to remind you that we really do believe that our business model is serving us quite well and is working as is evidenced that we are weathering this pretty tough economics doing fairly well. We have a strong product portfolio and cycle going for us right now. We are focused on, what we think is going to be four very large, very high growth markets in IT, which will help our future, and gives us confidence. We continue to focus as David has told you on our cost structure. And I think the most important thing, which is a little bit of an intangible if you could be inside of the EMC and feel. The people of EMC are excited and VMware are excited about the future and kind of pump and with that I would like to, as always thank you for being with us. It is great chatting with you and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. Your call has concluded, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joseph M. Tucci – Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer David I. Goulden – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts:  Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Investment Advisors [Mark Kelleher – Brigg & Tante Advisors] Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Bill Shope – Credit Suisse Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal Rajesh Ghai – ThinkEquity William Fearnley – FTN Midwest Research  Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan Securities  Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird & Co. Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan  
Operator: Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2009. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning. He will highlight some of EMC’s activities this quarter and discuss the modeling assumptions for 2009. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view on what is happening in the market, EMC’s execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned.  After the prepared remarks we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be highlighting various non-GAAP numbers in today’s presentation. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentations. All of these are available for download within the investor relations section of EMC.com. As always we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. With regard to these details of the VMare’s results, we refer you their financial release from last night. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the US Securities & Exchange Commission. Lastly, I will note that an archive of today’s presentation will be available following the call. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden.
David I. Goulden : In Q1 EMC achieved revenue of $3.15 billion, non-GAAP EPS of $0.16 and free cash flow of $681 million. Given the very tough economic environment and the transactional nature of our business we were encouraged by the resilience of our business model. We took a proactive approach adjusting our business to this changing climate and we are very focused on managing the controllables in our business. I think we did a great job of that in Q1. We executed well on our cost reduction plans, maintained disciplined expense control, reduced inventories and held a strong DSO number, all which resulted in decent profitability and excellent free cash flow this quarter. I would like to thank our global workforce for their efforts here. In Q1 we also made good progress on our plans towards reducing our long term cost structure and improving the future efficiencies of our global operations. Importantly, we also utilized our financial strength to continue our investments in industry leading products and services. This dual focus on efficiency and investments is key to reinforcing EMC’s strong position to weather this down turn, take share in our addressable markets and position EMC for even more success when the economy turns around. Now, let’s take a closer look at the financial results for the quarter. EMC information infrastructure revenues in Q1 were $2.7 billion and this includes approximately 400 basis points of negative impact from currency. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.11 and free cash flow was $494 million, more than $260 million higher than non-GAAP net income.  Looking at our geographic results for the information infrastructure business in Q1, non-US revenues were 48% of the revenue mix. We saw the effect of weak enterprise spending across the vast majority of our markets during the quarter. On a global basis compared with the average, government and healthcare were relatively stronger and financial services were relatively weaker. Our [inaudible] 13 markets were up 7% in constant currency. We continue to invest in these markets because we believe their important to EMC in the long term. Looking at the results from our information infrastructure business units, in Q1 product revenues were $1.7 billion and services revenues were $1 billion. Within this information storage revenues were $2.4 billion and the high end Symmetrix revenues were down 25% but on a more positive note bookings were down 17%. In the mid tier, CLARiiON revenues were down 18% over Q1 of last year.  These results from our two largest product lines reflect our exposure to weak enterprise spending especially in the enterprise. We are however encouraged that we maintained overall footprint in our existing accounts and actually added new enterprise customers in the quarter. It’s also good news that our channel related business that is less enterprise focused showed relatively better results.  These factors lead us to believe the weakness is much more macro related than company specific. Both our Symmetrix DMX and CLARiiON CX product families lead the market in terms of reliability, scale, performance and cost efficiency. In addition, we believe that the new highly differentiated and unique Symmetrix V-Max will strengthen our position even more in the high end and we look to extend our lead here.  Our Cellera NS business continues to do well. We achieved our eight consecutive quarter of double digit revenue growth and we continue to gain share. In February, we introduced our new Cellera NS unified storage systems with flash drive technology, management tools for VMware environments and primary deduplication, customer response has been terrific. Our deduplication business continues to show excellent growth. We continue to be the leading provider of deduplication technology with multiple ways for customers to utilize deduplication to manage data growth and reduce costs. In conjunction with the introduction of VMware’s vSphere 4 cloud operating systems we invested early to ensure our information infrastructure portfolio works with vSphere deployments on day one. We also announced our new PowerPath/VE software specifically designed to unify the management of major server operating systems and virtual platforms across physical and virtual environments now represented about 10% of EMC’s total revenue in Q1.  Within this there was approximately 26% of CLARiiON revenues representing a slightly higher percentage than in Q4. Overall, the storage result this quarter reflects the pressure on customer budgets and IT spending especially in the enterprise. While near term economics are challenging we’re confident that over the long term we will gain shares in the markets as EMC continues to have the best and also broadest and most integrated storage product portfolio.  Our storage platform spans across the consumer, mid tier and high end markets. We continue to lead the market with cost effective solutions. These solutions provide unique buys to customers and are key to our ongoing market leadership, ability to grow share and provides a very good return over time. Our technology and solution approach to integrate systems and software has been very successful.  In fact, when you look at our storage business over the last few years we have consistently shown solid revenue growth and the profitability on the gross margin and operating margins has been very good. As you can see on the chart storage gross margins have consistently been around 50% over the last two years. As you would expect in Q1 our storage margins came under pressure mainly due to volume declines in our largest products. Despite this revenue decline we still achieved gross margins of 48% demonstrating the strength of our storage business model. Based on these factors we believe the information storage business has been and will continue to be a great business. We will continue to invest in our R&D programs to lead the market with new and unique information storage products and solutions.  For example, in recent months we’ve integrated flash technology across our entire product line, [inaudible] our deduplication solutions and added home media products to the Iomega consumer family and as a leading IT provider for virtual datacenters and cloud infrastructures we continue to innovate our Atmos cloud infrastructure products recently announced Symmetrix V-Max and VMwares vSphere integration across our entire storage portfolio are examples of our efforts here and there’s much more to come. In today’s economy we think the less focused traditional competitors and the small feature oriented companies will have a hard time keeping up the necessary investments. As a result we believe we’ve positioned ourselves to fall further ahead technology wise and gain share near term and longer term. Q1 RSA security revenues were up 6% year-on-year. We continue to see good demand for our security information and event management offerings. In March we announced the release of the new RSA InVision 40 platform was designed to further simplify compliance and ensure efficiency and effectiveness of security operations and risk mitigation. Our identify protection and verification products also had another strong quarter. We’re starting to see demand for our offerings grow beyond consumer protection in to healthcare, business-to-business and enterprise applications. Just last week we announced our new RSA data loss prevention suite that is integrated with our InVision platform and offers new capabilities for discovery and remediation designed to reduce the total cost of ownership for DLP.  Revenues from our concept management and archiving business in Q1 were down 6%. Constrained IT spending continues to result in smaller deal sizes and longer approval cycles in this area of our business. Compliance continues to be important to customers and our SourceOne information government solution we announced earlier this month positions us well to capitalize upon opportunities here. In Q1 our global services organization performed relatively well. The challenging market conditions had an impact upon some customer’s projects. We’re confident that EMC service capabilities will continue to help customers meet their near term cost containment requirements while supporting their long term objectives such as consolidation and virtualization. Our focus of investments in our services business given us a competitive edge as customers think about their information and virtual infrastructures and their virtual data center architectures.  Turning to other elements of the income statement, Q1 gross margins came in at 50% and operating margins were 11.3%. Given the environment we think these are pretty solid results. As you would expect, the sequential decline in gross margins is almost entirely due to volumes. In order to offset this impact, we are very focused upon controlling the controllables and have made great progress on our restructuring and cost savings initiatives. As of the end of March we completed approximately 50% of our headcount reductions. In addition, our cost saving efforts are on target relative to our previous plan for $350 million of savings this year. Q1 actually saw a better than planned savings due to EMC employees doing a great job of controlling short term spending, little more than expected help from favorable currency rates and a few one-time items.  While these favorable factors won’t be as positive throughout the rest of 2009 we’ve identified some additional near-term cost reductions that will save EMC another $100 million predominately in the second half of 2009. Joe will provide you with more details on these initiatives in his comments. Based on our existing cost reduction plans and these additional actions, we now expect to reduce our 2009 information infrastructure costs by approximately $450 million from our 2008 spend.  Given the shorter term nature of some of these newer initiatives, we still expect total cost reductions to be approximately $500 million in 2010. We remain very confident in our products, services and solutions and believe these near term and long term changes to our cost structure will help us to ride out this period of economic uncertainty and put us in a position of strength when things get better. This is a tough market but we continue to move forward, stay in front of our customers, roll out new products and invest in R&D and new markets in a time when other companies might not be. We continue to make investments that are necessary to support our future strategic plans for the virtual data center and cloud computing. As an example, this quarter we invested approximately $20 million in our cloud infrastructure business. We plan to play in this market from the infrastructure side and provide predominately software based product infrastructures. This will be a high growth, high margin business for us that will require significant investments but we firmly believe it is the right approach, right time and right market to invest in. As we discussed last quarter we’re focused on improving our long term cost structure and we expect to incur approximately $60 million in transition costs in 2009 to implement these changes. In Q1 we incurred approximately $10 million related to these efforts. Overall, I think we did a good job balancing op ex reduction efforts with necessary technology and business investments in the quarter. Now, turning to our consolidated results, total Q1 consolidated revenues were approximately $3.15 billion down 9% over last year including a 3.5% negative impact from currency. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.16 and free cash flow was $681 million. I want to reiterate that even though this very tough economic environment caused some big declines in important parts of our business, our operating model held up well and we are encouraged by these results.  VMware had a good quarter and contributed around $0.05 to our consolidated non-GAAP earnings. Relative to VMware’s comments last night, there are a few factors that will reduce VMware’s profit contribution to our second quarter consolidated earnings by approximately $0.02. On non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21% and our consolidated operating cash flow was $864 million.  A few balance sheet items that impact our Q1 operating cash flow include deferred revenues which were $3.3 billion and up 13% over Q1 last year, inventory turns which were 7.3% and DSOs which were 49 days, all very good given the current economic climate. We ended Q1 with a record $9.8 billion in cash and investments with $5.9 billion held overseas and at VMware. Financial flexibility is a critical strength and competitive advantage for EMC particularly in this unprecedented and unpredictable economy. Our financial strength allows us to continue to invest in our business even during challenging economic cycles.  Now, let’s take a look at the rest of 2009. In Q1 we saw customers carefully scrutinizing everything they spent and only buying what they had to in conjunction with continued uncertainty around their budgets, a real just in time, just enough environment. However, one positive sign is that the tone of the business improved during the quarter with March better than January and February. While things are still pretty murky out there, the additional three months experience does give us a better view of 2009. Based on what we are seeing and hearing out there, our best guess at this time is that global IT spending will likely be down very high single to very low double digits this year. In terms of linearity for the year, the good news is it looks like IT spending in Q2 will probably be flat with Q1 and we continue to expect the second half of 2009 to be stronger than the first half. This is not an economic prediction but more a belief that it looks like customers will end up spending more of their 2009 money in the second half than the first. Historically, this has been true but we think it should be somewhat more pronounced this year as customers will have better visibility to budgets and be further along with their own restructuring programs and broader stimulus packages should be underway. Looking more specifically at EMC we believe that volumes and to a lesser extent customer pricing programs are duel headwinds that will continue resulting in lower gross in operating margins in 2009 over 2008. We believe that the expected cost savings of $450 million in 2009 from our cost reduction plans will offset some but not all of these combined headwinds. As we said last quarter about a third of the cost reductions will be from our COGS line and the remainder representing lower operating expenses. The savings will be weighted towards the latter half of the year.  For your modeling purpose it is also important to keep in mind we will continue to be impacted by the various factors we referenced last quarter with respect to transition costs as [inaudible] software capitalization, FSP 14/1 interest expense and lower interest income. So, as we think about 2009 the combination of market impact, cost cuttings, continued investments and the four factors I just mentioned will lead to some ebb and flow throughout the year. But, we think operating profitability should show signs of improvement from Q1 levels in the second half. As a reminder, we believe our non-GAAP results which consistently exclude stock-based compensation, intangibles and unusual items such as restructuring charges, allow for the most transparent and clean view of our operating performance. The non-GAAP financials better reflect how we run the business and are consistent with the way we discuss our results with you. As a result, we strongly encourage you to model EMC reflecting this non-GAAP view. Looking forward we like our position on both defense and offense for this year and beyond. We remain very confident that we have a very competitive product portfolio to help more customers meet their needs and we’ll continue to increase our market leadership this year with new products and solutions. We have a solid foundation and strong cash position.  With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Joe to comment on Q1 and the rest of 2009.
Joseph M. Tucci : I would also like to extend my welcome to everyone joining our conference call today. As always, thank you for your interest in EMC. Q1 was to say the least an interesting and extremely busy quarter for us. We had to get a handle on how this economic recession and tight capital spending environment would affect our customer’s spending. We had to execute on our own rightsizing and cost saving initiatives. We had to finalize preparation for our investor’s day strategic forum which we held on March 10th. We had to forge tighter and deeper strategic alliances with core partners for the future such as CISCO, Intel and SAP on the technology side, Accenture, Web Pro, TCS, ACS and EDS in services, with channel partners like CDW, Arrow, Avnet, [Ningrim], with systems partners like Fujitsu and yes, with Dell. Michael Dell and I with our collective teams have been spending considerable time ensuring our new truly important alliance is back on track. But, it goes without saying that I am proud of the EMC and VMware teams across the global they fought hard every day. They exhibited a winning attitude, a relentless focus on our customers, they have a great belief in our innovative products and services and they are charged up about our future. Additionally, in Q1 we had to get ourselves ready for the most extensive set of product launches in our history including the very important transition plans that always accompany any major product introduction. Of course, in a very, very tough and uncertain quarter we had to book, ship and build the vast majority of our Q1 revenues to produce our top line of $3.15 billion. This result fell short of our internal goals of $3.2 billion plus. I do believe this result when compared to other large cap IT technology companies on an apples-to-apples basis, i.e. net of acquisition affects will compare well. Now, don’t get me wrong, I am truly disappointed that we missed our top line goal and I offer no excuses. I’ll have more to say about that in a minute. To refresh your memory, so far this month we launched the game changing Symmetrix V-Max featuring unmatched scale up, scale out capabilities, performance and functionalities. We launched a new compliant archiving suite called SourceOne which features a simply consistent way for our customers to archive their information across their many discreet applications.  In security, RSA launched major new versions of our data loss prevention and security and event management suites. This past Tuesday, VMware introduced vSphere, the world’s first datacenter OS. vSphere is a key, perhaps the key technology for tomorrow’s internal and external cloud computing environments. So, as you can see all of our businesses were quite busy the first 111 days of 2009.  Let me now turn my comments to the economic and IT spending environment which we have operated in since the open days of Q1 through today. The first half of Q1 was extremely slow as customers focused primarily on their own restructuring and cost cutting initiatives. A significant number of our customers did not have finalized 2009 IT budgets in place and many of our customers that did have finalized budgets had implemented new policies and procedures that required top executive management approval before any IT purchasing could take place. These reviews, the lack of firm budgets, elongated sales cycle delayed and downsized many orders that made the final outcome less predictable. As we’ve gone in to March these top management approval processes were and still are in many cases in place but things improved. More budgets were set albeit at a somewhat lower level and a new approval process became more programmatic and business felt somewhat more predictable. I don’t want to mislead you, IT budgets are still tight and customers are buying only what they must have and need for today but they are proceeding with projects that have good ROIs, projects that help drive productivity, are truly strategic and help them save dollars. Customers are also very interested in technologies that will shape the future of IT. Technologies like flash drives and storage, technologies like virtualized data centers that are more automated, technologies like virtual desktops and clients and the efficiency control and choice that cloud computing technologies promise. Also worth noting was the fact that throughout Q1 our opportunity coverage was quite good. In other words, our sales organization continually had solid pipelines of business and coverage models that would in more normal times have produced a significantly higher level of bookings than we realized this past Q1. I might add, our win/loss ratio were in line and actually quite good when compared to prior years and quarters. In fact, I believe we took share in the markets that we addressed. The business short fall was the result of two major factors: first, many orders were pushed out of the quarter; and secondly, the size of orders were cut back. Also, to be a long term strategic partner to our customers we did in this time of need offer programs that gave customers additional financial benefit. As I look to the balance of 2009 I do believe we are at or very near the bottom from an IT spending point of view. I continue to believe that the second half of the year will show an improvement with Q4 holding the most promise but, I do believe that Q2 will continue to be sluggish. A little more predictable but sluggish. Why sluggish? I believe that customers will continue with their just enough, just in time IT spending patterns. They too are looking for signs of improvement and while there is some light at the end of the tunnel they will likely wait a bit and continue to be cautious. In addition, as we enter the second half of the year, our results will benefit from the strong product cycles I mentioned in customer adoption of these products V-max, vSphere, SourceOne and our security products. Additionally, EMC’s pipeline of new product introductions in the second quarter is also quite strong. Overall, as David mentioned, we expect IT spending to be down this year in the very high single digits to perhaps the very low double digits. To ensure EMC’s strength and fully capitalize on our strong product portfolio and cycle we intend not to reduce our headcount beyond the 2,400 people we announced this past January.  We will continue to execute on our original 2009 R&D roadmaps. We will maintain our strength in sales support and services that touch our customers everyday and drive new business. But, in light of this weekend economic environment we will however, reduce our 2009 cost space further. To accomplish this objective we are reducing our cost base without further people reductions. We will take a number of actions that will help us save another $100 million in 2009.  As a major part of this program, I have sent a letter today to all EMC exempt employees asking them to join management and our board of directors in taking temporary 5% salary pay reductions. I might mention that for the senior management and our board, this cut is on top of the 5% to more than 20% reductions that we already have implemented. This and other actions will keep us at maximum strength for today while ensuring a strong and motivated EMC for tomorrow.  In conclusion, I firmly believe that we have the vision and strategy in place for us to win and prosper. As you can see the business model and leadership we put in place over the last several years passed the test and produced respectable results even in these unprecedented economic times. Thank you and now let me turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of this call.
TT:  Before we open up the call for your questions, as usual we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Operator, can we open up the lines.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Just a question, I’m trying to understand in March at the analyst meeting you guys talked about IT spending being down mid to high single digits and now it looks like we’re talking about it being down almost low teens. It didn’t sound like demand patterns changed much for us so what’s really driving your expectation of a worse IT spending pattern?
Joseph M. Tucci : It’s just what we saw in the market. Obviously when we talked to you in January we were giving you everything we believe, everything that we were seeing at that time. As we went in to January and February and we watched other results and the guidance of others, we clearly believed that this was going to be a little tougher than we originally thought which is again, why we’re taking the additional expense reduction and as always we’re telling you how we’re seeing it and this is how we’re seeing it right now.
David I. Goulden : If you go back and think of what the global economic situation was in January, people are saying that it might be a global recession. Now, if you look at things in April there’s no doubt it’s going to be a pretty big global recession, the first on in the last 60 years so that’s a significant change just in the whole global environment. From an economic perspective that’s happened from January through to now and that difference is also driving our different view in IT spending.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Investment Advisors.
Aaron Rakers – Stifel Nicolaus Investment Advisors: I guess if I look at the cost cuttings that you guys are implementing through 2009 now at $450 million on the core information infrastructure business, can you help me understand how to model that through this year? And, how much maybe with op ex down $200 plus million non-GAAP, how much is already been kind of been floating in to the model already?
David I. Goulden : As we said, the $450 is still going to be about one third in COGS and two thirds in op ex. The extra $100 that we spoke about is really all going to be aimed at the second half of the year. Most of it is related to the salary reductions that Joe mentioned that we’ll be implementing later in this quarter that will be in place for the rest of the year. So, that kind of leaves us with the original $360 which we spoke about and again, that will be more vast towards the second half.  As I mentioned, we did a little better than you would expect in Q1. Just to kind of give you a couple more numbers, if you basically take the original $350 and you say there will be two thirds sitting in op ex, that would give you roughly $250 of savings. If you were expecting that in Q1 we would have probably saved in the $30 to $50 million range in op ex in Q1. You saw the savings was much higher than that and the difference was mainly because we had that additional currency benefit, some additional one-time benefit like vacation accruals that we changed because there was a change in vacation policy and also because we’ve really cut things down. Hopefully, that gives you a flavor of the moving parts.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Mark Kelleher – Brigg & Tante Advisors].
[Mark Kelleher – Brigg & Tante Advisors]: V-max is certainly a great new architecture. Can you comment on the product transition issues that may have affected the SIM sales in the quarter? Gross margin, sales cycle extensions, things like that? 
Joseph M. Tucci : It’s hard to say. We did hundreds and hundreds of NDA, non-disclosure agreements with customers telling them about V-max so obviously it was well known how much that affected the quarter versus the general economic environment. It is hard to say. For sure, most of it was the economic environment but clearly there was some stalling in the Symmetrix line as customers did wait for V-max and obviously we have a very carefully planned transition here. This is the biggest change as Dave Donatelli and his team pointed out in the announcement, this is the biggest change in the history of Symmetrix in terms of architecture and approach with the scale up and scale out architecture, the switching of underlying engines.  So, I expect this transition could take a little longer than normal but, it’s going to be strong and its going to increase the addressable market for Symmetrix so we have a tremendous belief in the success of this product. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: I just wanted to explore the gross margin question. David, I think you had said that it was almost entirely due to volume. Can you comment on what percentage of your COGS are fixed today? is that 20% to 30%, how we should think about that? Then secondly, you said almost all of it was related to fixed cost but Joe said we provided additional financial benefit to customers which to me sounds like a subtle way of saying that you were more flexible on pricing. So, can you comment on what impact you thought pricing had in the quarter and whether that was more pronounced on larger deals or in certain segments?
David I. Goulden : If you look sequentially gross margins for infrastructure were down about three points. Over 80% of that reduction can be attributed to volume. We did as Joe mentioned, offer customers some pricing programs so there was a little bit of what I call mix/pricing in there and by mix obviously you saw we had relatively better performance in some of our international markets. Some of those carry a lower gross margin, places like China, so that impacted things a little bit. So, despite the fact that we did offer customer pricing incentives, basically we were able to offset most of those through the continued reduction in costs through our supply chain and there was very little net impact over and above volume and mix from a geographic point of view in the quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Bailey – Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: I’m just trying to parse through your comments about 2009. You say the profitability should improve in the second half of the year compared to Q1. Does that imply that profitability in Q2 will be flat or down?
David I. Goulden : We actually don’t make any specific comments about Q2 but I did mention a couple of facts that will impact that. I mentioned that VMware will cost us a couple of cents of EPS in Q2 basically $0.01 roughly from their operating performance EBIT, $0.01 from the impact of FAS 86 software capitalization so those are headwinds we have to push against in Q2. They’re not insignificant headwinds.  Obviously offsetting that we’ve got some additional cost reductions, as I mentioned to you we did have some things in Q1, the cost side that won’t recur in Q2 so there will be a bunch of puts and takes so we’re not calling a number for Q2 specifically but you can see how some of those moving parts might impact Q2.
Joseph M. Tucci : To give you just a little bit of color, I’m not going to repeat what you just said, I do not see an improvement in Q2 over Q1 for the industry. I basically believe that I don’t believe that the IT spending is going to get – that will be pretty close to the bottom, I just believe that. I’m not saying you’re going to see a significant pickup in Q3 but I do think as we get in to Q4 you’ll see some and then I think obviously the recovery will be slow to normal coming out of there. So, that’s what I believe and that’s the environment EMC is operating in. You saw our Q1 results, so you have to make your own judgments. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bill Shope – Credit Suisse.
Bill Shope – Credit Suisse: I just want to get a little more clarification on the op ex savings based on your previous commentary. Are you guys saying that a large portion of the 1Q op ex savings were outside of the official restructuring program? And, would that imply that we should be thinking about pulling the savings off of a run rate from 1Q op ex or am I misunderstanding that?
David I. Goulden : Bill, just to help you quantify it, roughly half of the op ex savings in Q1 were kind of things that were over and above the official cost savings program. So, when you look at the $90 million we saved on a non-GAAP basis op ex year-on-year think in terms of kind of half of that came from our published cost reduction program and the other half came from the three other factors I mentioned that add up to again roughly half the total savings.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Huberty – Morgan Stanley: David, you mentioned linearity was skewed towards the month of March and the quarter. Was that the case for both enterprise and the channel business or were the stories different in the two segments?
David I. Goulden : Katie, it was certainly March was better in both. It was more pronounced in the enterprise but we did see improvements in March relative to January and February from a tone in the other segments of the business as well. But, mainly in the enterprise.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: You guys spoke to the broader IT market in your view but with respect to the storage market specifically how do you think that’s going to fair from a forecast perspective in ’09? Secondly, can you speak briefly as to trends April to date?
Joseph M. Tucci : When you think of the infrastructure Brian and you think of the three major elements: network; storage; and servers, clearly of those three I believe storage while you’ve seen the declines for Q1 in the companies, I think if you add that all up I think you’re going to be someplace in the mid teens and I think you’re probably going to be 20 or north of 20 in the sever market and based on some of the guidance we’re seeing in the networking space that will probably be a little bit north of where the storage is also.  I think this is one of those times when all infrastructure elements are going to be affected. I do think compared to the two other major elements it will be a little bit better but still going to be affected.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: I wanted to follow up and ask about gross margins, specifically it sounds like we should be thinking about having gross margins being flattish in the June quarter, question number one. Then secondly, my understanding of the cost cuts that would layer in to the gross margins, those would likely be eaten up in the second half of the year in such that we should be thinking about volume potentially helping gross margins in the second half of the year. But, I just wanted to see if you could offer any color on gross margins generally.
David I. Goulden : Again, trying to keep off being specific around the June quarter because we’re not giving guidance but basically we expect the environment that drove margin to the Q1 levels to kind of continue to persist in Q2 so other than a little bit of cost savings, which could be offset by customer pricing programs, not a lot of moving parts relative to Q1 and Q2 in the gross margin side. Yes, volume as I mentioned was the biggest driver of the margin reduction from Q4 to Q1 so assuming our predictions are correct and we see more spending in the second half with volumes picking up that will be a positive impact for gross margins in the second half.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rajesh Ghai – ThinkEquity.
Rajesh Ghai – ThinkEquity: I had a question following up on product margin. I understand that a component of that was related to volume, a component of that was related to pricing pressure, now given that we’ve been in a recession for about a year and a half now and pricing has been a little weak, do you see pricing returning when demand picks up? Just kind of if you can give some color on that moving forward, how does the pricing trend?
Joseph M. Tucci : David can give you more details but if I understand your question, I mean you’ve got three factors here, the decrease in volume is causing most of the pain, we are giving some better pricing so that’s causing some pain. On the other side as part of our prosperity program and cost control we are getting some good gains in the COGS area in terms of savings and of course that goes the other way. I don’t know David if you want to add to that. That’s definitely a decrease in volume, a decrease from discounting and definitely a pickup because we’re doing a better job on COGS.
David I. Goulden : I think your question was when things return where does pricing power sit. I think as Joe said, it’s going to be a slow pull out when the pull out occurs. So, we don’t see a lot changing on the pricing side. Many customers are still looking for a great value. We mentioned that we’re doing a bunch of things to kind of help them through customer programs. We’ve been able to offset most of that through our cost reductions through our supply chain and we don’t see that environment changing in the foreseeable future. 
Joseph M. Tucci : Obviously, the whole game for us is to also take share. This is why we’re continuing our significant level of investment, more than double anybody else for sure in R&D and storage and that’s why we’re keeping our sales organization, support organization strong to make sure we can capture those opportunities. That’s a very important part of how the volume starts going the other way in the future.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Fearnley – FTN Midwest Research.
William Fearnley – FTN Midwest Research: I wanted to ask some more questions on the CLARiiON if I could. Could you give us some more color on the direct, indirect and Dell mix for CLARiiON? And, given the performance in the first quarter, what are your expectations here for the CLARiiON line in the mid range here in the near term?
David I. Goulden : Well I mentioned Bill, first of all we told you that Dell sequentially compared to Q4 represented just a little bit higher percentage of the CLARiiON mix and that’s indication that Joe mentioned that we’ve been working on the Dell EMC alliance. We gave you a view that overall IT spending won’t be significantly different in Q2. On the other hand, CLARiiON and our mid tier products in total, particularly on that are very, very strong. You see how well unified storage is doing. When you look at our three C’s together, CLARiiON, Celerra and Centera, it’s still very competitive mid range offering and you saw that despite the fact that the market was down enormously we saw continued growth in our NAS range and the unified storage aspect of our NAS box which use a lot of the same components, as a client was actually very, very strong. I’d also mention relative to the Dell alliance that Dell is now also starting to resell the NX4 so they’re taking advantage of some of the NAS technology from us as well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan Securities.
Kaushik Roy – Wedbush Morgan Securities: During the quarter did you do any share buyback? And if not, why not?
David I. Goulden : We did not do any buybacks during the quarter. As we mentioned before we’re going to be opportunistic during 2009. We want to make sure that we see how the market plays out and keep all of our options open moving throughout the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird & Co.
Jayson Noland – Robert W. Baird & Co.: A question on annual revenue linearity, if you look at ’07, the back half contributed about 54% and then in ’08 about 52%. It sounds like we should expect this year to be more exaggerated to the second half?
David I. Goulden : Jayson, I think we’ve given you a couple of hints in terms of what we expect Q2 to be like given our view on the markets and then we said there will be some uptick from that. The reason we’re not giving you anything more than that is because we really don’t have a good handle on how big the uptick could be or how fast it will happen. But, it will obviously does occur that would give us a relatively stronger second half.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company.
Glenn Hanus – Needham & Company: I wonder if you could comment a little bit on the ORACLE Sun development and how you work with ORACLE in the field and on an R&D level today? And obviously, there’s a new competitive element introduced and how that all changes the dynamics for you with ORACLE going forward?
Joseph M. Tucci : Obviously, it will change the came to some degree. The name of the game has always been coopetition. A significant number of ORACLE’s big customers rely on EMC’s infrastructures and ORACLE is going to continue to work with us as an important partner, we’re going to continue to work with that, that’s clear. That commitment is there both ways. Obviously, what’s happening here in the market is ORACLE is building a vertical stack in that they’d like you to use more and more of their vertical stack. Then of course, others are doing the same and the problem that gives CIOs and IT professionals is that each of these looks different, gets managed different, has different processes and procedures. What we do is we have a stack also but our stack is horizontal. So, if you look at our storage, it supports the ORACLE stack, it will support the Microsoft stack and IBM stack, etc. If you look at VMware for instance, it’s the same thing, if you look at security the same thing. So, we’re building the stack horizontally and that has a lot of appeal. So obviously, there’s a battle on which should win the multiple vertical stacks or basically managing your information and your virtualization horizontally which is obviously the way we think will win. So, ORACLE, if a customer chooses a way, ORACLE will work with us but obviously they’ll push their way and we’ll push our way and that’s the way its been for a while and ORACLE is obviously raised the stakes in that came and obviously as we did vSphere and V-max, we’re raising the stakes in the game too. I’m not saying business is exactly the usual but it’s the same battle that we’ve been fighting for a while and the horizontal stakes that we’re building have great applicability and great interest in IT professionals.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan. 
Mark Moskowitz – JP Morgan: I want to see if you can give us a little more color around the market displacement that you’re benefitting from in terms of Celerra? Are you winning from NAS vendors historically or are these more [inaudible] installations historically? Then secondly, on the supplemental revenue analysis can you give us a little bit more background in terms of why we don’t see the software maintenance and license breakdown anymore?
Joseph M. Tucci : I’ll take the first part and let David do the second part. Clearly, we are winning these from NAS vendors and these are winning in the SCSI. In other words if you say you want to use a SAN and you say you want to do iSCSI you’re also probably going to have an opportunity and a need to do file and print for file sharing and then you need a NAS engine too. So, what we do is basically say, “We’ll give you both in one.” That is really appealing to customers. So, this share is clearly being taken from the iSCSI world and it’s clearly being taken from the NAS world.  The fact that we do them so well out of a single – you can also by the way do fiber channel. So, we go all three ways and that is incredibly appealing so we’re absolutely taking share from iSCSI and absolutely taking this share that we get from NAS.
David I. Goulden : Mark, on the supplementary schedule you are correct, we’ve move the reporting. We’ve actually simplified it to just the looking at the product lines and the services line combined. We think that’s a more consistent way that people look and report externally. Specifically, one of the major reasons is there was a lot of confusion around our storage business about hardware software mix and we said that’s not really the way we go to market, we sell solutions.  So look how our product revenues are doing and look at how our gross margins are doing and we’ll make it very clear to everyone going forward exactly what the puts and takes are around product revenues and gross margins in storage. So, we think that’s just the right way to go to create a clearer more consistent view of our financial statements.
Joseph M. Tucci : The closing message I’d like to leave you with today is this, I believe that we have the vision and strategy in place for us to win and prosper. I believe we are balancing the realities of today with the opportunities for tomorrow. We are reducing costs, we are investing in innovative products and services, we are investing in our sales and support engines to bring us more customer and maximize our revenues both this year and beyond.  I believe we are doing what we need to do for this environment. Most important is that the EMC troops are up and they’re motivated and we will be successful. Thank you very much for joining us today and I’m sure we’ll be talking.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa – Vice President, Global Investor Relations David Goulden – Executive Vice President and CFO Joe Tucci – Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Shebly Seyrafi – Calyon Securities Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan Bill Choi – Jefferies Mark Moskowitz – JPMorgan Kaushik Roy – Pacific Growth Equities Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital Brian Marshall – Broadpoint AmTech Chris Whitmore – Deutsche Bank Bill Shope – Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) Today’s conference call is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Vicky. Good morning, welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. Today we will be joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO, and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning, he will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter, and discuss some modeling assumptions for 2009. Joe will then spend some time discussing his view of what is happening in the market, EMC’s execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned going forward. After the prepared remarks we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be highlighting various non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today, in our press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of EMC.com. As always, the call this morning will contain forward looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Against the backdrop of a tough economic environment, EMC achieved Q4 revenue growth of 5%, non-GAAP EPS growth of 7%, and free cash flow growth of 9%. For the full year, EMC achieved revenue growth of 12%, non-GAAP EPS growth of 14%, and free cash flow growth of 17%. We are pleased that our execution in performance in 2008, and we achieved many of the goals we set for the company last January. We generated all-time record revenue for the breadth and depth of our solution portfolio, which is aligned with key IT priorities, and to the strength of our go-to-market model. By expanding our geographic reach and investing in new markets, we generated more revenue outside the US than ever before. As a result of our R&D investments each of our business units (inaudible) strengthening the competitiveness of our solutions and extending our market leadership across the board. We effectively reinvested in our business for future growth while managing our spending carefully and delivering non-GAAP EPS leverage. We used our cash wisely to make acquisitions for our technology portfolio and to new markets and to repurchase stock, while end of the year with the most cash in the company’s history. Our 2008 results reflect the continued hard work to our organization and the strengthening of our business model. In 2009, we are very focused on managing our business to successfully navigate this tough economic environment. And towards this, we have already taken proactive measures to reduce our overall cost structure and improve the future efficiencies of our global operations. Over the last several years we have been expanding EMC’s total addressable market, significantly diversifying our customer base, and strengthening and expanding our business partnerships. We have built a strong foundation for EMC not only to weather, but to take share during this downturn, and will be well positioned for even more success when the economy turns around. For today’s call, I will cover Q4 year-end results and provide some comments about the demanding environments and the financial strength of our operations. As always, we have provided detailed financial tables in our news release and our corporate websites, and with regards to VMWare’s results, I refer you to the financial results from last night. Before getting into details of our information infrastructure results, I wanted to mention that we did see the reduced level of budget flush we expected heading into the quarter, and order linearity (ph) was fairly normal for Q4. Given the tough environment we are pleased to be closed a lot of business and achieve the revenue expectations we had for the quarter. Now let's turn to the financial results. EMC information infrastructure Q4 revenues were $3.5 billion up 2% year-on-year with approximately 260 basis points of headwind from currency. Looking at our geographic results for the information infrastructure results for Q4, North America held it well and grew 4%; EMEA was flat year-on-year with a slowdown in this growth rate pretty widespread including Eastern Europe. Asia Pacific was up 4%, and Latin America was down 2%. Our brick plus 13 markets were up 9% year-over-year in constant currency. We experienced strong demands in China, the Middle East, and Mexico. For 2008, our brick plus 13 revenues were up 24% in constant currency. And even though the growth here is slow, we believe these will be important regions for EMC to continue to invest in over the long term. Looking at our results from our information infrastructure business units, in Q4 product revenues were flat, and service revenues were up 9% for the year. For the full year product revenues were up 5% and service revenues were up 21%. Within this, Q4 information storage revenues were up 4% year-over-year, and up 10% for the full year. These results demonstrate good demand for our storage product portfolio across a very diverse customer base, and we believe these results reflect solid market share gains against our major competitors. Our Symmetrix business was down 9% in Q4 year-over-year. These results were affected by a spending climate and a tough compare versus last year, which was the first full quarter of VMX4 availability and up 12%. For 2008, our Symmetrix business grew 2% reflecting our continued leadership in the high end market. U4 CLARiiON revenues were up 6% year-over-year and 11% for 2008. Our CX4 platform is enjoying great success for customers, providing more advanced technologies than any other mid-range system at the lowest cost of ownership. CLARiiON sales through channels other than Dell were up 17% in Q4 and 19% for the year. These channel partners now represent close to 50% of CLARiiON revenues. We had another excellent quarter in NAS with our seventh quarter of double digit revenue growth. This business is up over 40% for the year and we have clearly taken share. Our (inaudible) duplication solutions continue to be in high demand as customers look to meet their data protection requirements, reduce costs, and mitigate risk Q4 was another great growth quarter making EMC the market leader with annualized run rates of $360 million. All of EMC, its folks are providing multiple ways for customers to utilize duplication, demand growth, and reduce costs. Dell represented 10.9% of EMC’s total revenues in Q4. Within this, Dell was approximately 25% of CLARiiON revenues. EMC continues to have the best storage product offerings in the company’s history, and also the broadest and most integrated portfolio. Our storage platform spans across the consumer, mid-tier, and high-end markets, and we continue to lead the market with cost effective solutions. Customers are extremely focused on reducing their costs and they look at EMC as a trusted partner. Our reputation for quality, reliability, ease of use, and low total cost of ownership are key competitive advantages. We believe we will continue to take share in 2009 and lead to market with new information storage product solutions that differentiate EMC from both traditional competitors and small starters. Revenues from our Content Management and Archiving business in Q4 were down 12% year-over-year and up 2% for the full year. This is an area of our business that is being affected by the weakness in the enterprise software market this year. Going forward, we are focusing on content management and archiving solutions that deliver the most immediate ROI for our customer and where we believe we will see good opportunities in 2009, particularly for our compliance and E-discovery solutions. Q4 RSA security revenues were up 5% year-on-year and up 11% for the full year. We had a good quarter in data loss prevention, and in December we announced a licensing agreement with Microsoft to build our DLP classification technology into their information protection products. And we saw good demand in the quarter for our security information and event management offerings. Our security solutions portfolio is unmatched at helping customers and partners to address the overall process of securing data, managing risk, while meeting local compliance demands in a cost effective manner. We believe the security will continue to be a high priority for customers in 2009. In Q4 our global services organization, which spans across our information storage, content management, and RSA security business, demonstrated continued success with revenues up 9%. For the year, (inaudible) revenues were up 21%. Most companies today are taking a very hard look at improving their offering models and reducing costs. We are confident that EMC’s services capabilities will continue to help customers to quickly meet their near-term cost containment requirements while supporting their longer-term information infrastructure objectives. Turning now to margins, in Q4 our information infrastructure non-GAAP operating margin was 18%, approximately flat year-on-year, which is a good result, particularly in this environment. Throughout 2008 we managed our costs and investments carefully, conservatively, by carefully managing headcount growth, driving productivity, and optimizing our non-people spend across the business. In addition to these efforts, three weeks ago we announced a restructuring program designed to further streamline the costs related to our information infrastructure business and improve the competitiveness and efficiency of our operations. We expect the program to reduce our information infrastructure costs from our 2008 spend rate by approximately $352 million in 2009, increasing our savings to approximately $500 million in 2010. The programs expected savings will come from both cost reductions and the transformation of several areas of EMC’s operational cost structure. As a result of this program, we booked a pre-tax restructuring charge of $248 million in Q4. After taxes, this charge is $200 million, or $0.10 per share. In 2009, we expect to accrue approximately $75 million of the $100 to $125 million in additionally pre-tax restructuring charges. We designed this program to strike the right balance between achieving high levels of efficiency and for sustaining strong business agility and performance without in any way compromising our ability to serve the needs of our customers. We remain very confident in our products, services, and solutions, and believe these changes to our cost structure will help us to ride out this period of economic uncertainty and also be in a position of strength when things get better. Looking at Q4 profitability, non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.25. Free cash flow was $660 million, which is about the same as Q4 ’07. For 2008, operating cash flow was up 13% and pre-tax flow was up 15% to $2.1 billion. For the year, the free cash flow was more than $300 million higher than non-GAAP net income. We are very pleased with these cash flow results for the year. Now turning to our consolidated results. Total Q4 consolidated revenues were approximately $4 billion, or 5% why ear-on-year. Non-US revenue was 46% of EMC’s overall revenues. Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.32. VMware had a solid quarter and computed about six and a half cents (ph) to our consolidated non-GAAP earnings. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 18.1% and for the year it was 21%. In Q4 our consolidated operating cash flow was $1.1 billion of 9%. A few balance sheets that impacted Q4 operating cash flow include deferred revenues, which were $3.2 billion and up 15% over Q4 last year; inventory turns, which were up to 8.4 from 7.7 in Q4 of last year; and DSO’s, which were 52 days down from 55 days Q4 last year. Consolidated Q4 free cash flow was $775 million, up 9% over Q4 last year. For 2008, consolidated operating cash flow was $3.6 billion, or 14%, and free cash flow was $2.6 billion, or 17%. 2008 consolidated free cash flow exceeded non-GAAP net income by over $400 million. We ended Q4 with a record $8.8 billion in cash and investments with $5.1 billion held overseas and in VMware. We have a very strong cash position and we continue to manage our investment portfolio conservatively and we believe it is in very good shape. Financial flexibility is a critical strength and competitive advantage for EMC, particularly in this unpredictable economy. Our financial strength allows us to invest in research and development to retain and grow our front-line sales and service forces even during challenging economic cycles. Turning now to cash use, in Q4 we spent approximately $370 million to purchase around 36 million shares. In 2008, we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders and bought back 112 million shares. In Q4 we spent approximately $50 million on acquisitions for our technology portfolio, mostly for VMware. Going forward, we will continue to use cash for reinvesting in our business, for strategic advancements and acquisitions, and for share repurchase. This strategy provides a benefit of turning back to shareholders and the longer term benefit of strengthening the competitiveness of our business. Looking into 2009, it is evident that the global economy will be much weaker this year. Given this economic backdrop, it’s also clear that global IT spending will be under pressure as well. Based on the IT spending surveys we’ve seen and our conversations with customers, there is a wide range of potential outcomes for 2009. Our best guess today is that global IT spending will be down in the mid to high single digits percent compared with 2008. Within this environment, high priority technology and quick ROI solutions will certainly do relatively better. So, as a result, we think that the total market that we serve will probably do slightly better than overall IT. As we think about the flow of IT spending this year, it looks like much more of the spending will take place in the second half than usual. Customer certainty around 2009 will result in a slightly weaker than normal first half. In fact, Q1 spending will likely look quite low compared to last year, and a much higher than normal seasonal decline from Q4 2008. However, things may start to settle out in the second half as everyone adjusts to the new economic reality, and visibility throughout 2009 improves. In addition, activities like government stimulus packages and companies being further along in completing their restructurings, may also begin to have a positive impact. As a result spending in the second half should be considerably stronger than the first half. These are not precise forecasts for 2008. However, we think they represent a pretty reasonable view of the world at this point, and we wanted to share with you how we currently see things. As visibility improves during the year, (inaudible). And while the economy will be challenging, business will be under pressure, we also wanted to make sure you know we are not standing still. About three weeks ago we announced a far-reaching restructuring program designed not only to reduce our costs, but also to strengthen our operating model in the future. We announced our plan to reduce our 2008 cost base by $350 million in 2009. About a third of this reduction will come from our [inaudible 00:08:43] line with the remainder representing lower operating expenses. The savings will be weighted toward the latter half of the year. Additionally, we will be managing expenses very tightly, and I expect minimal increases in discretionary spending throughout the year. Importantly, if the economy in IT spending plays out in the second half as we expect, then we should show improved profitability in the second half as well. There are also four other items that you will find helpful for your modeling purposes. These items include accounting changes and other factors you should keep in mind as you reconcile our 2008 results to your new 2009 model. We are not excluding any of these in the presentation of our non-GAAP financials. First of all, we will incur about $60 million in transition expense associated with our previously announced restructuring plan, but most of this will be reflected operating expense. Secondly, the impact of capitalizing amortizing R&D under 586 will result in about $100 million more expense than PNL mostly due to VMware. Next the FSB14-1 change in accounting for convertible debt will increase our interest expense in 2009 by $108 million. Note this is a non-cash expense, but does hit our interest expense line. This is a retroactive accounting change and will be updating our 2007/2008 numbers to reflect this non-cash interest expense starting in Q1 2009. I’d like to point out the cash flow is not impacted by this accounting change. And, finally, interest income will likely be reduced by about $70 million than 2008 due to lower interest rates on our cash balances. In some, these items were reduced using pretax income by approximately $340 million in 2009 versus 2008. It is important to note that about 60% of this change is non-cash, and the other 40% is primarily non-operational in nature. While each of these items have a different tax rate, to net it out for you, these incremental costs in 2009 will reduce EPS by about $0.12. Overall, we expect the 2009 non-GAAP consolidated tax rate will be 21%, approximately the same as 2009. I realize this is a lot of information, but hopefully these additional data points will help you develop a more accurate non-GAAP income models for 2009. As a reminder, we believe our non-GAAP results, which consistently exclude stock based compensation and intangibles allow for the most transparent and clean view of our operating performance. The non-GAAP financials better reflect how we run the business and are consistent with the way we discuss our results with you. As a result, we strongly encourage you to model EMC reflecting this non-GAAP view. Finally, in an effort to help reconcile your non-GAAP models for reporting GAAP results, we suspect 2009 stock based compensation expense to be around $580 million, using half of this expense in almost all of the year-on-year increases due to VMware, and we expect intangible amortization to be approximately $240 million. While 2009 looks to be a challenging year, we like opposition of both defense and offense for this year and beyond. First of all, as customers evaluate the operating models and IT infrastructure for cost and efficiency improvements, we are very confident we have the right portfolio to help them meet their needs. Secondly, the breadth and depth of our offerings are the most competitive they have ever been and will continue to increase our market leadership with new products and solutions this year. Third, we have a solid financial foundation and a strong cash position and we have not only a comprehensive program underway to reduce our cost base, but we also expect minimal increases in discretionary spending this year. As a result, we expect to have a much more efficient business with significant potential for offering leverage as the environment improves. So if the economy and IT spending play out in the second half as we expect, we should show incremental programs and offering possibility to improvements as we move through 2009. We believe that showing continuing improvement coming out of this downturn will be the most meaningful measure of success. With that, I will turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Tucci: Thanks, David. I would like to also extend my welcome to everyone on today’s call. Thanks for joining us. Overall, given the tough economic climate the downturn in capital spending and the high degree of uncertainty that has permeated the market, I believe EMC had a very respectable Q4. My thanks to our teams across the world who delivered in these volatile times. Commenting briefly on the full year, I am disappointed that we missed our $15 billion revenue target by a little over $100 million. We were well on track through Q3 to meet this important goal, but after 21 consecutive quarters of double digit revenue growth, in Q4 our revenue tapered off to 5% as we felt the impact of the economic storm. I am, however, quite pleased at despite the shortfall in the pipeline we achieved our annual non-GAAP EPS goal of $1.04 and exceeded our cash flow for shared goal of $1.15, which came in at $1.24. Now turning to 2009, as far as the economy is concerned I don't have too much to add. But, for sure, you are all witnessing a severe economic crisis being played out across the globe. Where I would like to add some color based on literally hundreds of meetings and conversations I have had with our customers is on a 2009 IT spending front. We have already indicated that we expect overall IT spending to be down this year. On a macro level, customers are focused on driving their own restructuring, reducing costs, driving complexity out of their environment, implementing their really strategic initiatives, and while doing therapy is they want to assure they are positioning themselves to take advantage of the many upcoming technology trends, such as the virtualized beta center of the future. As part and parcel of these initiatives, customers are demanding quicker ROI’s and are putting more emphasis on adhering to standard operating environments. In other words, customers are dramatically reducing the number of IT suppliers that they will deal with. There is a real like to quality taking place. In addition, customers are giving every purchase order more scrutiny and they are subjecting them to higher levels of approval. Now let's look at EMC in 2009. We are positioned in the markets that will do better than the average. Storage, virtualization, security, compliant archiving, new discovery, and governance risk and compliance are all markets that will top IT spending priorities. EMC is fortunate to have the most active and robust product cycle in our history going for us in 2009. In storage, 2009 will bring a new version of Symmetrix, new unified storage products, new entry level products, new data duplication products, including the ability to duplicate primary storage, new dynamic data mobility products, enhanced and provisioning (ph), numerous green IT initiatives, including expanded disc spin down capabilities, and the continued innovation in SSB flash technology that will significantly change the storage market landscape. In 2009, new product intros from VMware include a new version of their core virtual infrastructure platform, VI4; new enhancements to the virtual desktop product, now formally called V client; new V cloud offerings; and new availability and security solutions. In our RSA security division, we will introduce a new entitlements policy manager, a new release of envision, our security information event management product, enhancements to our data low prevention product sweep, including tighter integration with partners like Microsoft. We will introduce authentication manager, which will include more authentication methods merging elements of our protection and verification suite. In our content management business, we will introduce a new product for the compliant archiving space, expanded capability around collaboration and social networking for the enterprise, and a new case management framework making our core documented platform easier for our customers and partners to build business processes on top of it. I think you will agree 2009 will be a year of robust product introductions at EMC. Helping tie all of these products together is EMC’s global services organization, where we have approximately 14,000 talents professionals providing our customers with consulting services and limitation services and managed services and maintenance and support. All this said, EMC will not be totally immune from this economic storm and its effect on IT spending, so it is imperative that we have a well defined game plan, and we do. First and foremost, this game plan dictates a solid execution of our highly complimentary virtual infrastructure and information infrastructure strategies. By the way, while I am on this subject, it has been too long since we presented our compelling vision and strategy to you. You have my commitment that we will do so later this quarter. I invite you to join Paul Moritz and other selected members of our executive team and myself for upcoming investors/analyst day meeting. Also, I would like to add a few comments about VMware. I absolutely believe that the VMware platform squarely helps CIO’s meet their 2009 needs. So there is good opportunity for VM even in this tough environment. Paul Moritz is doing a marvelous job leading VMware and he is helping set a compelling vision and strategy to guide their future success. The VMware team is intact and motivated, retention has been very good, and Paul is doing a great job developing their internal talent, while bringing in additional management strength, such as Todd Neilson as COO, and (inaudible) to run their India operations and there is more to come. Now let's get back to our overall game plan for 2009. While I have 38 years of experience in this industry, I have witnessed some pretty tough times. This has led to the formation of seven principles that EMC will embrace to help guide us through this economic downturn. In 2009, we will maintain our external focus, staying closer than ever to our key customers. In 2009 we will strive to gain significant market share. In 2009, we will sharpen our discipline on costs and cash flow. In 2009 we will sustain and deepen our product technology edge. In 2009 we will retain, attract, and upgrade our talent. In 2009, we will be optimists and we will be opportunistic. We will use strategic MA to strengthen our competitive position in the industry and we will be opportunistic and buy back our shares. And we will communicate, communicate, communicate both internally and externally. Hopefully you can see how our current restructuring activities are supporting these seven principles. We took out cost to save $350 million in ’09 and $500 million in 2010 helping focus our discipline on cost and cash flow. We took our costs to save $350 million in '09 and $500 million in 2010, helping focus our discipline on cost and cash flow. We maximized number of people in our service organizations and sales operations to make sure we maintained focus on our customers and prospects and assure they receive the best, customer experience in the business. We maintained and in some cases enhanced our R&D funding to help us deepen our product technology edge. In closing, let me leave you, one thought, in trying times like this there are always winners and losers, disruption that is status quo is inevitable. I am convinced that adhering to the seven guiding principles coupled with the brilliant execution of our information infrastructure and virtual infrastructure strategies will results in EMC being a winner and we will emerge from this storm a stronger company. Now let me turn it back to Tony, to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Joe, before we open up the lines for your questions. Let me ask you to try and limit yourself to one question including clarification. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Vicky, can we open up the lines for question, please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Toni Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein. You may ask your question.
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: Yes, thank you and good morning. It sounds like you have a relatively pessimistic forecast for IT spending and one that cost that cost for further deceleration in 2009 to help us understand, sort of how you see things on a dynamic level. Can you give us a sense of what you thought IT spending was in Q4 of '08 given that it sounds like you calling for it to be down about minus 10% in the first half of '09? And can you help us to understand where your backlog going into Q1 compares versus usual year, typical years, I think typically you have about $100 million or little more entering Q1, can you comment on that as well?
Joe Tucci: Yes, I'll start and may be David could try many your, Toni, this is Joe. I haven't really given any real thought to what spending was in 2008 believe or not we spend a lot of time looking forward. As I said, read a lot of surveys that the industry has done and as I said, I talked to hundreds and hundreds of customers in groups and individually and most customers are telling us at least for the first half of this year, they are going to be very cautious and are expecting declines and it’s not, and that's what we are hearing. I do not really think even though we gave our best guess, I do not really think what we are seeing for the year has a tremendous amount of merit because it's just not that kind of visibility. But I do think what we are saying has a lot of merit for the next four to six months. And I am convinced Toni, that we're going to see, in that mid to high digit decline in overall IT spending and I said, I do believe that where the products that we have to kind of like to like so where IT spending real happen and we'll fair better than most. Based on yearly results for Q4 it looks like that’s exactly what happened if the reports that I have seen we did fair better than most. And like hope we expect that to continue. But there's definitely going to see a deterioration of what we saw -- we started to see this kind of storm really taking some foothold in Q4. And I think it will be a harder storm in Q1 and Q2. I just believe that, that’s why I said. So as far as our comments even though they were for the year, I'd apply them more to the first half of the year because it's just that uncertain. David, you want to backlog or little color on it.
David Goulden: Yes, I just, one more comment on the first half of course, Toni, we did mention, we saw a little bit of budget which we say, we need to coming in to Q4 kind of get to $4 billion, which was a much bigger sequential growth from Q3 to Q4 most people felt that we could achieve, we saw that, I think number of people saw that as well, across the industry it adds a bit more pressure on the first half as well. With people kind of looking at their budgets going forward Q4 into Q1, and to Q2. Then on the backlog side, we have a little bit less in total backlog then you'd normally have coming out of a Q4 but not whole lot less, it’s actually little stronger on the software side, little less on the storage side, but not materially different.
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Tony. Next question please.
Operator: David Bailey, Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Great, good morning, thank you very much. Can you give us some idea about how much of the $350 million in savings you expect from the restructuring, will drop to the bottom-line? And how much will be absorbed in either pricing or investments in other areas?
Joe Tucci: David, let me take that. We've taken these cost reductions really to a -- approve to business for the overall efficiency when things return but also to have protect our operating margins in 2009. So, we expect our operating margins to kind of hold up well. In 2009, you had given the combination of this cost coming out and also what will inevitably be more pricing pressures kind of more cautious during the year. So, I think we are looking at on an overall operating margin, trying to stay as closest as we can to 2008, but given the pricing pressure and the slowdown in the marketplace. I should not look for a whole lot of leverage in 2009 concurrent these cost reductions. However, they do set off age much lower when things improve. And I'll just say during the course of the year you will see a nice sequential improvement from Q1 going forward assuming that revenues continue to increase sequentially because the cost reductions kick in wall-to-wall in the second half of the year while keeping the rest of our costs flat. So, you should see some nice leverage during the course of the year. Which sets ourselves well during 2010.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: And when you talk about flat operating margin or roughly flat operating margin, is that on a GAAP or a non-GAAP basis?
Joe Tucci: That would be, everything I am talking about on a non-GAAP basis. That would be excluding those $0.12 and things I talk to you about with impact our all full year on year compared.
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you very much.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, David. Next question please.
Operator: Shebly Seyrafi of Calyon. You may ask your question.
Shebly Seyrafi – Calyon Securities: Yes, thank you very much. Lot of a moving parts from the OpEx line, if you compare on, I am sorry, add R&D and SG&A for 2008 you get around $6.3 billion. How do you see that shaking out for full year 2009 considering that its leverage the back half?
David Goulden: Yes, Shebly, as we said that the $350 million reduction is from our 2008 cost base. So, you should see some real year-on-year reductions in OpEx. Bear in mind I said about a third of those reductions will hit the cost in line with two-thirds hitting the OpEx line. So, look for that when you look at the full year results must actually have less absolute dollars which of course you all mean to offering things down because as you know during 2008 OpEx grew during the year.
Shebly Seyrafi – Calyon Securities: So, to be clear rough around say $200 million less from the 6.3, is that fair?
David Goulden: That’s a fair. That’s a fair, assumption.
Shebly Seyrafi – Calyon Securities: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Shebly. Next question please.
Operator: Amit Daryanani of RBC Markets. You may ask your question.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Given your comments regarding in sort of '09 budgets just being a little bit more backend loaded. If you look at historical seasonality in the March clearances and sales are going to be down high single digits or so, but I think in the old note to time from low to mid teens. Is that the way you should be thinking about in the first half of '09?
David Goulden: Well, I think that we said that, we're going to expect to see a large than normal seasonal declines in revenue from Q4 to Q1 that we saw before example, you just so came see as a benchmark excluding the VMware we sure about and a 11% sequential decline in revenues last year Q4 to Q1. So, obviously looking for something larger than this year based upon what we spoke about in terms of market trends.
Joe Tucci: Yes, we were pretty clear and we ended up being exactly right that we thought they would be what I called, I turned if you recall last call a mini budget flush. So, I expected there not to be a budget flush as usual, but I expected to be something and we did see and we did that's exactly what we saw in Q4. And obviously in Q1 we do not expect to see that mini budget flush so to speak. So, that would bode that was probably see a bigger than normal drop up within Q4 and Q1. As many customers out there they still do not have their budgets and there is a lot just in time budgets being done. But like everything else in life you get custom to whatever environment you are in and I expect this as we progressed through the year, the companies will get their restructuring behind them, get them the grips and understand that IT is a way to improve productivity which every company is going to strive to do and that’s the trends I expect that this industry will follow this year and that’s kind of where we are guiding.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Amit. Next question please.
Amit Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Katie Huberty of Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley:
 :
David Goulden: Yes, Katie, thank you for the question. If you look at our non-GAAP results for the EMC Information Infrastructure, you do see a slight reduction in gross margins from Q3 to Q4 sequentially. And basically, all that is accounted for by a combination of currency and the slightly higher mix of Iomega revenues. So that definitely, if you normalize our gross margins for currency and Iomega revenues mix, they would be flat from Q3 to Q4. 2009, obviously, anybody's guess, because rates are going to move all over the place. If I look at that the spot rates today, last week, probably somewhere between two to three point headwinds on the revenue line.
Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks.
Joe Tucci: Thanks, Katie. Next question please?
Operator: Keith Bachman, Bank of Montreal. You may ask your question.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Yes, thank you. Number one, Joe, Dell, I think you said, was about 25% of CLARiiON revenues. That seems to still be weak. How do you anticipate that that's going to unfold during the first half of onto your '09? Would you expect to see a deceleration of contribution from Dell, or is this going to be a steady state? And then I want to follow-up with an FX question if I could.
Joe Tucci: No, I don't expect to see a deceleration or a less percentage from Dell. We have worked hard with Dell. Mike and I have worked personally, and we believe we have our relationship back on track. While the year-on-year was down, you saw that sequentially from Q3 to Q4, we did have improvement. We have tremendous amount of activities and respect between the two companies, and we now believe we have come to a methodologies and processes in the field, which will help us continue to work together better together. And as you saw, Mike and I were in New York recently and we extended our partnership for five more years.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Right.
Joe Tucci: And both talked about really working better together and capturing growth, so I would expect that to get better if anything not worse.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Okay. If I could just follow-up from the past comment on FX then, Joe, you did mentioned that you saw IT budgets would be down high single-digits. And then, EMC, or your thought would be better. Are you with incremental FX pressure be added to that? So, in other words, the 200, 300 basis points headwinds, obviously that's going to move around quite a bit, but is that an incremental add to how we should be thinking about revenues on a year-over-year basis for first half of '09?
Joe Tucci: Yes. Just to be clear to you, I said mid-to-high.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Right.
Joe Tucci: Because there is just that degree of uncertainty, right? So that's a pretty wide span, I understand.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Okay.
Joe Tucci: You know, because mid could mean 4 and mid could mean 9, I mean a hike could mean 9, so that's a pretty wide spread. And I am not saying at 4 and 9, I just expect it is going to be down. So, do not go to just a hike. Secondly, you have the bad FX rebates, and some FX assumptions, but I wouldn't say we did any kind of massive betting on which way the dollar or the euro was going to go.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Okay. FX is one of the factors that's driving a -- view of what IT spending might look like on year-on-year. So, we have got some FX assumption baked in that case.
Joe Tucci: Yes. We have put on some assumption, but not widely different than where it is today.
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Okay, thank you.
David Goulden: Okay, thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Brian Freed, Morgan Keegan. You may ask your question.
Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. If you look at your kind of thoughts around the IT budget, could you give us a little more color by segment in terms of your software services and hardware? Yes, I know, it is a little tough, but the amalgamated view here of the mid-to-high, what are the relative areas of strength and weakness as you see it? And how do you think it's going to compare to statement of the 2000 to 2001 one timeframe?
Joe Tucci: I don't know. From a growth perspective, we will vary by our product. As I have said before and I will say again, everybody would be affected including VMware, including EMC. But that being said when you look at the sales priorities are, I don't think is product out that more relates in the VMware. So, obviously I think that will be at the top of from a product perspective, security is strong, storage information are going to grow, so coming in that way. And I think, you are looking a little bit like growth hardware and software. So, I would say that probably in a short-term, because we have more backlog in services and software holds it better because software got the just the sport side of it. We have to do more book, ship and billing which is on license side for software, and on a license side for storage and security et, cetera, and that will probably get impacted more so. So we get pretty balance, and that's kind of where I see it.
Brian Freed – Morgan Keegan: Great, and if you wouldn't mind one quick clarification. As we look all the moving parts in your model, do you view non-GAAP as really the best measure of your performance going forward given the changes in accounting standard and charges on GAAP?
David Goulden: Yes, absolutely do. I think there is lot of reaction off of that. Obviously, we give you all the data, you can come to your own conclusions, but we feel very strongly, that's a case.
Joe Tucci: Thanks, Brian. Next question please?
Operator: Bill Choi of Jefferies. You may ask you question.
Bill Choi – Jefferies: Okay, thanks. I just want to get little more color about Symmetrix. Obviously, this is your high-end system. Could you confirm that this product was indeed actually down sequentially? And when you think about customers' unwillingness to do major projects, how do you look at seasonality for Symmetrix going into Q1? And what would you expect the new SIM upgrade to do, and is that can be around September? Thanks.
David Goulden: We talked about the seasonality, SIM was up sequentially from Q3 to Q4, just not quite strongly as it normally is. The year-on-year decline as I said before, it was really compared to a very tough Q4 year ago, which is our first full quarter on VMX4 access. If I kind of look at the Symmetrix performance for the quarter, a little bit more weakness in international than in the US, eventually in Europe we saw things slowdown rapidly during the quarter. You see our growth rates changing in total by substantially, and that's where the biggest impact was upon SIM.
Joe Tucci: I just want to comment on when the new SIM is coming, but I'll just say it is coming.
David Goulden: Thanks Bill.
Bill Choi – Jefferies: Okay.
David Goulden: Next question please?
Operator: Mark Moskowitz of JP. Morgan. You may ask your question.
Mark Moskowitz – JPMorgan: Yes, good morning. Thank you. I want to learn a little more if you could, Joe about the SAN versus NAS acceleration here in terms of your EMC business. How much of the NAS acceleration is being driven by share gains versus may be a market shift by your customers? And if so, what reasons of verticals are shifting more towards NAS versus SAN that is recurring?
Joe Tucci: The thing that we are doing here, which is driving our businesses, we are shipping more and more of our products that have, what we call, unified storage. So, you buy the product and you can basically have fiber channel SAN, you could have ISCSI 10, or you could have network attached. So, if you think of a customer, especially in the midsize market, you say well. You have the database and that looks great on SAN, and don't you have some file and print work for NAS, rather than two systems we are selling. We are selling like combined to it and that is just really hotter than hot. You could see that for the year or that product line at over 40% growth and that's kind of -- you will see a lot more that in the future. I mentioned that is one of the areas that we are going to expand that you could expect new product announcements, so I do not think there is a NAS or SAN versus NAS shift going on at all, but I think it's basically there is a big shift to what we are calling is unified storage.
David Goulden: Thanks, Mark. Next question, please?
Operator: Kaushik Roy of Pacific Growth Equities. You may ask your question.
Kaushik Roy – Pacific Growth Equities: Thank you. Can you comment on the current pricing environment and the impact on the gross margin maybe in 2009? I asked this because you remember at 2001, 2002 pricing and gross margins took a hard hit, so how you do see gross margin is playing out in 2009? Can you quantify the impact in any way?
Joe Tucci: Let me make a statement first. I remembered back in 2001, 2002 coming into that time, our policy and our practice was the price 50% to 100% more than our competitors. So yes, we had a lot margin impact, right? But we think we are very competitively priced, very value priced, so we don't expect near the compression this time we had last time. I'll let David comment specifically but obviously in tougher times, we always do have more pricing pressure but on the other side we make it sure that we do a lot on the cost side to help bolster as much of that as we can Dave would you want to?
David Goulden: Let me give you a little bit more color upon how margins go through in the quarter. I gave you one metric so let me drill down a little bit upon that. So margins held it very well during the quarter as I mentioned if you back-out effects if you normalize for Iomega which had a slightly bigger quarter in Q3 and Q4. Not only were storage volumes flat but storage product margin were also very flat as well quarter-on-quarter. So given that Q4 was a bit of a storm and that was budget flush but clearly people were looking for pricing pressure and we were able to respond to that we are getting cost out of props and we'd have one quarter now when margins have held it pretty well during this storm and hopefully we'll continue to do well as we get more cost savings through the programs to help us get maintain our competitive stance.
Kaushik Roy – Pacific Growth Equities: Okay great thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Kaushik Next question please.
Operator: Ben Reitzes of Barclays Capital. You may ask your question.
Benjamin Reitzes – Barclays Capital: Yes, good morning, thanks. I just wanted to talk about your guidance coming, sorry lack of guidance but some of the comments you said, given IT spend and where storage could go and then your ability to gain shares it sounds like you are kind of saying given currency, revenue declined in '09 for EMC its best amount of down low single digits and then given the cost cutting is offset a lots by accounting and pricing may be have EPS down a little. I want to know if you agree with that and then also can you just talk about how the '09 shifts by quarters made differ versus prior years, usually you have like 22% and whatever it is in the 1Q, I mean should we look for a big difference in skew as well. So if you can comment on the first kind of conjecture I made on the guidance and then the quarterly skew that be great.
David Goulden: Yes, Ben let me start and then Joe, could may be add a few comments. So I think when you look at the EPS let's keep the conversation at the non-GAAP levels kind of ease on the what's going also happens a year-on-year we told you to about $0.12 of kind of headwinds this is going to impact just through those core items and then of course on top of that you've got the impact of the operational performance offset by the cost savings. So you got at least a $0.12 negative swing on the non-GAAP EPS plus or minus whatever we get out of the business operation excluding those things. So directionally you are absolutely correct. And then from a seasonality point of view, I think the answer to the question, the short answer is yes. I mean we've really said that we expect the higher revenue proportionately in the second half that we get in the first half normally. And then that’s going to be because of the keeping expenses flat and driving both the savings from the 350 into second half. It's also going to produce more leverage on the non-GAAP EPS line then you normally get between the Q1 and Q4 as well. So you are going to see a lot of leverage in the model Q1 and the first half is clearly going, it is going to be toughest for us. And it’s going to have the kind of lowest revenue because of the seasonality. It's going to have total of cost savings in there, the second half should look a whole lot better from revenue and an EPS point of view again assuming that our focus is on recovering growth rates in the second half plays out.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Ben. Next question please.
Operator: Brian Marshall, Broadpoint AmTech, you may ask your question.
Brian Marshall – Broadpoint AmTech: Good morning, guys. Thank you, question with regards to the deceleration that we saw in the Semetric's line, sort of relative to your mid-range offering and given the fact that we are seeing a re-price on the Semetric's coming up in the next three quarters. Is there a point where the mid-range actually becomes the largest product category from a mixed perspective of your storage products?
David Goulden: I do not know. It certainly could, they are pretty close rate this quarter. You saw, we think this re-price on Semetrics is something else and different than a lot of you might expect. So in difference to Semtrics there is quite a future there for sure but the mixture keeps growing especially as I said this move to unify storage is incredibly strong.
Brian Marshall – Broadpoint AmTech: And just as a follow-up, in terms of software attach rates and service attach rates, there, would you expect any material differences to those lines, going through '09?
David Goulden: The service attach rates, I think, continually going up and the software attach rates are good and we are just basically selling solutions now, as you could see, it’s kind of all when you buy it customers are buying the bundle which includes hardware and software, if you look at the company in total, right? And this is excluding VMware. We have about 8,000 engineers doing software. We have about 400 engineers doing -- little less than 400 engineers doing hardware. So, what’s happening is we are selling the bundle and are margins on the stores are going up and I do not think that they are going up solely because of the hardware, I think they are going up because of the value that we are building in the software. But, we are selling it together as a collective group and since we have got catalog for our sales force more neutral. So you can just sell list rather than selling hardware and software. Our margins have gone up and customer satisfaction with us has gone up. So, it’s been a great move. I know it’s caused all of you angst but I really do not understand it because you think it’s because of the 400, less than 400 engineers we have, building hardware and that these revenues are going or you think it’s more because we have 8,000 engineers building software. And so it’s all in there and we watch gross margins like a hawk and on storage they have a very good trend.
Tony Takazawa: Okay thanks Brian. Next question, please.
Operator: Chris Whitmore of Deutsche Bank, you may ask your question.
Chris Whitmore – Deutsche Bank: Thanks, just a follow-up on the gross margin question. Product gross margins were down about two and a half points year-on-year and the quarter where revenue actually grew, if sales on the product side are down in that mid-single digit range, what is your expectation for gross margin. Can you expand them in 2009? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: I think Chris; gross margins are going to be under pressure in 2009. Not so much from volume but really from the customer pricing pressure. We see more pressure in the market right now from customers than we do from competition. That is a double-edged sword. Customers are asking us to kind of give them pricing opportunities and then they are also offering us a bigger piece of that share of their spend in their response for that. So, I do not expect to see margins to increase in 2009. I do think that -- we are going to continue to bring cost out of the products. All the products that we introduced have a lower cost base than the prior products. It's further opportunities for us. There is going to be a lot of opportunities towards continuing to drive prices down from our supply chain. So, we are going to work all those things. I would not look for expanded margins in 2009.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Chris. We have time for one more question and then Joe, will have a few concluding comments.
Operator: Our last question comes from Bill Shope of Credit Suisse.
Bill Shope – Credit Suisse: Okay thanks guys. So, looking at your outlook for IT spending maybe more backend loaded than usual in '09, would you say that storage spending should be more or less backend loaded than other segments despite spending? I understand you think storage spending will be a bit more stable than the rest of the IT environment but can you give us an idea for the backend loaded nature of storage spending?
Joe Tucci: Well, I think, couple of things. When you look at our product road map, we certainly have a stronger product portfolio in the second-half of the year as these re-prices come up. So that'll help, that kind of forum. But, I do think storage will be a little better but it will be subject to the same trends, to answer your question directly and honestly, Bill.
Bill Shope – Credit Suisse: Okay thank you.
Joe Tucci: Okay, well again thank you for joining us today and I want to leave you with a kind of closing. So, I think, in 2009 for sure as you all know we are operating in a very tough and uncertain environment but I also want you know we are operating from strength. We have innovative leading timely products backed by a winning strategy and of course we are going to share their strategies with you later this quarter. We have the cash in the balance sheet to stay to course. We have terrific talent that has a positive attitude and a leadership team in place to drive success and we have a very large customer base that truly values EMC and we should be a beneficiary of this spike in quality. So, again thank you for joining us and we will see you later this quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa – Vice President, Global Investor Relations David Goulden – Executive Vice President and CFO Joe Tucci – Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Aaron Rakers – Wachovia David Bailey - Goldman Sachs Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital Louis Miscioscia - Cowen and Company Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley Shebly Seyrafi - Calyon Clay Sumner - FBR Bill Shope – Credit Suisse Bill Fearnley - FTN Midwest  Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Now I’ll turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa.
Tony Takazawa: Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2008. Today we will be joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO, and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning, and he will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter. Joe will then spend some time discussing his market outlook, EMC's execution of its strategy, and how EMC is positioned in the marketplace. After the prepared remarks we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be highlighting various non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today, in our press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of EMC.com. As always, the call this morning will contain forward looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden.
David Goulden: Against the backdrop of a challenging economic environment EMC had solid third quarter results with revenue growth of 13%, non-GAAP EPS growth of 14% and free cash flow growth of 49%. We want to remind you that our business today is very different from EMC during the tech down turn in 2001 across many dimensions including our business lines, the breadth of our products and services, the span of our customer base and the strength of our geographic reach. We believe that the solid results this quarter reflect improvements we’ve made in EMC’s business model. Overall we believe that EMC is addressing a great market opportunity. We have a balanced business model, our products and services are the most competitive ever, we’re correctly focused on customer’s highest IT priorities, we’re managing our costs well, and we’re financially strong. As a result, we believe we are much better positioned for tough times like we’re seeing today and for better times that will come in the future. On today’s call I’ll cover the Q3 results and provide some color into the demand environments, the financial strength of our operations and our business outlook. To make the best use of our time my focus in my prepared remarks on the areas we think will be most helpful to understand these developments in the quarter. As always we provided detailed financial tables in our news release and on our corporate website. With regard to VMware’s business results I’ll refer you to the earnings release from last night. Before getting into the specifics of our information infrastructure results I do want to mention the business flow was pretty normal during the quarter in terms of ordinarity and backlog levels however we saw some revenue impact from the financial crisis. We did see some business push out across our customer base because of uncertainties and constraints in the global financial markets. Having said that we were pleased we were still able to close a lot of business and come in just slightly under the revenue expectations we had for the beginning of the quarter. Now let’s turn to the financial results, EMC Information Infrastructure revenues were $3.2 billion up 10% year over year with approximately 130 basis points coming from currency. Within these results we experienced 5% growth in North America, 17% growth in EMEA, 15% growth in Asia/Pacific and 24% growth in Latin America. Growth in our brick plus 13 faster growing markets was approximately 20% year over year.  We experienced strong demand in the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Latin America. This is partially offset by lower growth in China due to the earthquake and the Olympics and a tough compare for India. Year to date our brick plus 13 revenues are up 34% over last year. Looking at the results from our Information Infrastructure business units Q3 Information Storage revenues were up 11% year over year and up 12% year to date. These results demonstrate good demand for our storage portfolio across a very wide customer base. Within this our Q3 Symmetrix business was flat year over year and up 6% year to date. VMX4 continues to be the market leading high end storage platform because it’s cost effective, easy to use and delivers the unparalleled performance, tiering, security, scalability and energy efficiency that our customers need. U3 CLARiiON revenues were up 12% year over year and up 13% year to date. This business bounced back nicely from last quarter and in August we had a very successful launch of our new CX4 platform. In fact our channel partner sales other than Dell were up 20% year over year reflecting how excited the market is about this product. These channels now represent close to 50% of CLARiiON revenues. We had another excellent quarter to NAS with revenues up over 40% year over year. This was our fourth quarter in a row of strong double digit growth and we’re clearly gaining share. Our NS20 and NS40 products are doing very well and in August we announced a new entry level NS4 system which has already enjoyed a nice up tick. Other highlights in the quarter, our background and recovery business saw good demand and our Avamar duplication solutions had another great quarter. Our recurring point heterogeneous data protection solutions had strong growth. In Q3 Dell represented 10.4% of EMC’s total revenues. Within this Dell was just under 30% of CLARiiON revenues and the balance came from a mix of EMC’s information storage, content management, security and VM Web products. EMC continues to have the best storage product offerings in the company’s history and also the broadest and most integrated portfolio.  Revenues from our Content Management and Archiving business in Q3 were approximately flat year over year and up 8% year to date. While our technology platform continues to lead the market orders were impacted by customer caution particularly at the end of the quarter. Going forward we believe this business may continue to be affected by weakness in the enterprise software markets. Q3 RSA Security revenues were up 11% year over year and up 13% year to date. We saw particularly strong demand for our consumer protection and our SIEM offerings. Our security solutions portfolio makes us uniquely suited to help customers address the overall process of securing data, managing risk and meeting multiple compliance demands in a cost efficient manner. An important competitive differentiator for EMC is our global services organization which spans across our information storage, content managements and RSA security businesses. In Q3 our professional services revenues grew 23% year over year and are up 32% year to date. Even in these uncertain times EMC is getting sharing services because of our unique services offering and focus. Customers continue to look for our help to identify ways to implement broader EMC technology solutions, manage IT consolidation and virtualization initiatives and improve the overall efficiency of their IT environments. Turning now to margins, in Q3 our Information Infrastructure non-GAAP operating margin was 16%. Margins were impacted by the slight shortfall in our revenues that I mentioned and by the addition of the Iomega business. Throughout 2008 we’ve been managing our expenses conservatively. We’ve improved EMC’s operating efficiencies by carefully managing headcount growth, driving productivity and finding new ways to optimize on non-people spend across the business. In this unpredictable environment we will continue with this prudent approach and we’re now planning for further spending reductions. We’re looking closely at our back office and infrastructure expenses and parts of the business with low productivity or high costs. Our focus is to be as operationally lean and agile as possible. This will help us ride out this period of economic uncertainty and also be in a position of strength when things get better. Looking at our Q3 profitability non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.21 up 17%. We had very strong cash flow results this quarter. Operating cash flow was up 41% and free cash flow was up 58%. Year to date operating cash flow was up 18% and free cash flow was up 20% to almost $1.5 billion. Year to date, free cash flow was approximately $200 million higher than non-GAAP net income. Now turning to our consolidated results, total Q3 consolidated revenues were $3.7 billion up 13% year over year. Revenue outside the US was up 19% and non-US revenue was 46% of EMC’s overall revenue. On non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.25 up 14%. VMware had a solid quarter and contributed around $0.047 to our consolidated non-GAAP earnings. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21%. In Q3 our consolidated operating cash flow was $961 million up 34%. A few balance sheet metrics that impacted Q3 operating cash flow include deferred revenues which were $3.1 billion and up 23% over Q3 last year, inventory turns which were 6.7% essentially flat from Q2 and DSOs which were 51 days. Consolidated Q3 free cash flow was $707 million up nearly 50% over Q3 last year. On a year to date basis consolidated operating cash flow was $2.5 billion up 16% and free cash flow was $1.8 billion up 21%. Year to date consolidated free cash flow exceeded non-GAAP net income by over $280 million. We ended Q3 with a record $8.4 billion in cash and investments with $4.9 billion held overseas and in VMware. We have a very strong cash position and we continue to manage our investment portfolio conservatively and we believe it’s in very good shape. Financial flexibility is a critical strength and competitive advantage for EMC particularly in this unpredictable economy. Our financial strength allows us to continue to invest in research and development, maintain and grow our frontline sales and service forces even during challenging economic cycles. Turning to use of cash, we continue to focus on increasing shareholder value. In Q3 we spent approximately $433 million to purchase around 31 million shares. Year to date including what we’ve done so far in Q4 we’ve bought back around $1.2 billion worth of stock. We spent approximately $70 million on acquisitions for our technology portfolio.  Going forward we’ll continue to use cash for reinvesting in the business, for strategic investments and acquisitions and for share repurchase. This strategy provides the near term benefit of returning value to shareholders and the long term benefit of strengthening the competitiveness of our business. Now turning to our outlook and closing comments, you’ll probably recall we started out this year with a conservative outlook for the IT spending environments. We expected the customers focused on technology investments were near term ROI that improved efficiencies and helps save money. With this in mind we knew that EMC will be very well positioned to help customers with their priorities. We expected the markets we serve to fair better than overall IT spending we continue to expect this to be the case. Obviously the current environment is unpredictable which make it difficult to forecast what will happen in Q4. However, in discussion with customers and from what we currently seeing in the marketplace the focus remains on efficiencies, ROI and cost savings. It looks like customers spending priorities will not change going forward. Based upon this we believe there’s enough opportunity out there for approximately $4 billion of revenues in Q4. Given this outlook we are planning to spend accordingly and we expect to earn approximately $0.30 to $0.31 of consolidated non-GAAP earnings per share and $0.23 to $0.24 of consolidated GAAP earnings per share. This does not reflect any potential costs from the expense reduction initiatives I mentioned earlier. EMC believes that the explosive growth of information will continue to be a challenge for customers around the world which brings a great market opportunity for us. As customers try to manage its growth, reduce costs and improve efficiencies in their IT infrastructures we’re very confident we have the right portfolio to help them meet their needs.  We believe the breadth and depth of our offerings are the most competitive they’ve ever been. We have a solid financial foundation, we’re focused on managing our costs and we have very strong cash positions. When you put all this together we believe EMC is a very good and trusted partner for customers in these times.  With that I’ll turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Tucci: I am quite pleased with our overall Q3 results and I am extremely proud to be able to announce that Q3 2008 marked our 21st consecutive quarter of double digit revenue growth. What makes this accomplishment more special that these results were achieved in a tough global economic environment. As always my thanks goes out to the dedicated and hard working EMC and VMware teams around the world. I would like to give you a bit of color on IT spending in Q3 and what we saw and what we experienced. In the last three weeks of September we did see some slowdown in the SMB and commercial markets which was mostly caused by an air of caution on the part of our customers. This was also coupled with a tightening of the credit markets. We saw a few large IT products get postponed by our large enterprise customers and we did feel the impact as several large financial institutions paused some of their IT spending as they are going through a wave of consolidation. Thus looking forward I am quite sure the number one issue on all of your minds is around our take on this uncertain economic climate and its effect on IT spending in the months and quarters ahead. As David has indicated by our Q4 forecast we are seeing some signs of a slowdown in IT spending in many parts of the world. I believe the slowdown will continue into 2009.  As is always the case there will be industries and countries that are being more effected than others. For instance I noted some pull back in the financial service industry on the other hand we are still seeing very good growth in the Brick Plus Plus Plus countries. Against this backdrop we believe IT spending will be slower going forward in 2009 than it was in 2008. At this juncture looking at the global markets we still expect there will be modest growth. Here too some IT companies and IT product categories perform and grow better than others. On the IT company side as is always the case in a down time there will be a flight to quality. On this front EMC is very well positioned with our leadership and several important technologies. With our solid market reputation, with our strong commitment to research and development, with our respected sales and service organizations, with our reputation with customers who trust us for their most mission critical work loads, and with our very strong balance sheet which gives customers confidence that we will be there for them over the long haul. On the IT product and solutions front EMC is the leader in key areas of technology to our customer survey after customer survey points to areas where customers will spend and invest even in these tough economic times. Customers will continue to spend on virtualization to consolidate servers and other infrastructure elements. Customers will continue to spend on storage to consolidate their arrays, to tier their storage and to move to back to disk technologies with duplication for faster recovery. Customers will continue to spend to assure governance risk and compliance and customers will continue to spend to leverage the power and flexibility of the web. These are all areas which product a solid return on investment and they are technology areas which EMC has leading products and solution sets. Let me now turn my comments to VMware, I am very pleased with the continuing progress of VMware. Paul Maritz has laid out a compelling strategy and direction and Paul is the right person at the right time to lead VMware. We need to and we will give Paul the time and resources to execute. Paul will strengthen the management team as VMware grows and takes advantage of ever larger opportunities. As was demonstrated yesterday VMware’s results continue to show the power of its uniquely rapid and powerful ROI proposition for customers. We take very seriously our dual responsibilities. First as the custodian of open and equal access to VMware’s technologies for all interested players in the IT industry and second, as the fiduciary for EMC and VMware shareholders.  We want to make sure that EMC itself fully utilizes VMware’s capabilities to strengthen our own strategic plans and storage, file computing and virtualized data centers. Again, as we do this all other IT players are openly welcome and in fact encouraged to do the same with equal access to VMware’s game changing technologies. As we have said before we have preserved all options relative to VMware and as I’ve also said before we have no plans to spin off VMware. With the continuing pressures created by this unpredictable global economy we are now targeting to hold our analyst meeting early in the new year. We’ll be working to streamline our costs and improve operating financial efficiencies in the coming months and we look forward to giving you our strategic direction. Once again I could not be more pleased with the positioning of our products and solutions in today’s competitive IT marketplace and we’ll be proud to share this with you when we meet. With that let me turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Before we open up the lines for your questions we ask that you try and limit yourself to one question including clarification. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. I thank you all for your cooperation in this matter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Aaron Rakers – Wachovia.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia: Maybe if you could expand on some of the business push outs that you saw at the end of September and maybe what the trends have looked like thus far in October. Specifically I guess I’m a little bit confused in the commentary that some of the weakness that you saw was more predicated towards the SMB and commercial markets. However, it looks like your Symmetrix business was a little bit weaker than what I had anticipated. If you could help me understand that commentary as it relates to the Symmetrix results as well.
Joe Tucci: What I tried to cover in my remarks, maybe I didn’t do it well enough is that I said yes for sure we saw weakness in the SMB and the commercial markets and I gave you two reasons why I think mostly everybody is kind of being very cautious now with their spending and keeping their money close. Second, there were customers we had that are having trouble in the financing.  I did point out two examples on the enterprise side and our bigger account side both in financial institutions which are obviously going through some pretty traumatic times and there’s been a tremendous wave of consolidation there. Of course that affects Symmetrix.  I also pointed out that there were several large deals around other areas other than finance where customers took a more conservative view and gave us either a smaller order or priority order as they also try to keep some of their powder dry and be flexible in these uncertain times. We did see it in both markets. We did experience it most of the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bailey - Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us some idea of the timing on the cost reduction initiatives and maybe some idea of what the magnitude there could be.
Joe Tucci: Not yet, were in the middle of the work but obviously we’re realists. We gave you our best forecast for Q4. I also said that I felt I believed fully, I don’t duck out on things that this economic is going to continue in 2009. We’ve got to see what that all means for us but obviously it means that we got to make sure that we have a core structure that’s commensurate with what is going forward and we will do that.  As we do that we’re going to make sure that we guard the heck out of continuing to invest in R&D because that’s what financial strength allows you to do so we can gain share and protect the areas of our organization that’s around customers, sales, service, etc. Everything else we’re going to take incredibly hard look at, it’s not that we won’t look for more efficiencies in even those areas that I mentioned, better ways to surround the customers.  I don’t want to cut back there the number of people we have selling. I think there’s great opportunity here using our strength and position to take share and that’s what we’re going to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: Can you give a sense in terms of the complexion of your overall revenue base that is recurring right now in terms of both your software and your services? Just trying to get a sense in terms of as you really have built out your model over the last seven years and you have a lot more levers how should investors think about some of the stability within your model but from a top line perspective but also how that provides a back stop to your margins as you go through a more difficult macro environment in the next 12 months?
Joe Tucci: It’s a vastly different company now then we were in the last down turn in 2001-2002. I don’t really remember what deferred revenue was back then but it was deminimus, now you can see we’re well over $3 billion. That has changed, as you can see the hardware side and software side of our business are pretty close to being in balance.  That’s tremendously different; we were over 70% hardware back then. Obviously we didn’t have virtualization business, obviously we didn’t have security business, obviously we didn’t have the content management business, obviously a lot of other things have changed in the way we go to market, the way we’re financed, the way customers view us. Still, I’m not going to, again I don’t buck anything, most of our revenues are book, ship and bill but again we’re in areas that have quicker ROIs and where these surveys are showing that even in tough times these are areas I’m going to need to spend. Think about it this way, you think any CIO out there is going have his organization say I need less servers, no, they’re going to need more servers and virtualization is the way to give them the effect of more virtual servers without having to go buy as many physical servers. CIO’s and even in the 2001-2002 down turn information still grew in the low to mid 40% range. Obviously helping customers consolidate their storage, tier their storage is important. The risk, the opportunities as I said around government risk and compliance are going to be massive, even discovery capabilities are going to be massive. We’ve got areas we’re much better positioned this time then last time, I just gave you a few examples.  We are more than 50% of our revenues are book, ship and bill. I can’t buck that but again I want you to understand that our book, ship bill revenues are in places where customers I think as I said are going to cut back their spending a little bit but still make the priority list.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: I wanted to ask a similar question on your take on what the challenges are in 2009 versus 2001-2002 so in 2001-2002 I agree that storage continued to grow at some rate, requirements grew but ASPs were hit pretty hard and revenues actually declined by more than 20% for two successive years in ’01 and ’02. In particular I wanted to get your take on capacity points utilization rates because my impression on ’01 and ’02 is utilization rates were far lower and therefore spending could be deferred. I want to try to get your take anecdotally on where you think you are now or where customers are now relative to what existed in 2001-2002 and then hopefully when you say modest in next year just any kind of color around what modest means in terms of your growth expectations for storage?
Joe Tucci: If you go back to 2001-2002 the biggest problem that EMC faced you mentioned it was ASPs. At that point in time we were at a premium market of at least 50%. If you took our next competitor we were charging 50% at least more than they were. Today we are very market pricing dependent so won’t have the ASP issue we had back then. A lot of EMC’s growth came in the dot com and the new wave Telco and other economies which vanished and obviously that’s not the case here. Back then you’re right utilization rates were extremely low below 25%. As you look at it today it’s a totally different story on storage. You asked about utilization rates, customers that are using SAN all these customers that are using SAN, we chat with and you talk about the capabilities we have in our systems and had them for a while of better ways to move data across tiers, better ways to manage your information, FIN provisioning, and other technologies that have been introduced. Customer utilization rates at do it right are well above 50 and really good customers do it above 70%. Utilization rate is not going to be a big issue this year. Obviously there are always opportunities to help customers there. What do I mean by modest, modest is going to be very low single digits. I don’t know if it’s 1%, 2%, 3% but it’s certainly in that ballpark for the IT industry in general. Hopefully the markets that we’re participating in will have a little more lift than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital.
Ben Reitzes – Barclays Capital: With regard to gross margins could you talk about pricing and mix heading into the fourth quarter and beyond in particular just with regard to your guidance you have the R&D tax credit in there so I think it makes up $0.015 if you can just talk about the gross margin trend heading into the fourth quarter and next year with pricing and then also working in the R&D tax credit on how thing look sequentially. The big question is do you guys show us your handle on gross margins in this tough times as well as revenue.
David Goulden: You’re right; the R&D tax credit is about $0.015 of benefit in Q4. It’s about $34 million the way that we calculate it. Gross margins I’ll give you a couple feels on gross margins. If you for the third quarter pricing continued to be relatively flat in terms of constant declines nothing out of the ordinary on the pricing side. If you look at the gross margins and if you took out the impact of Iomega our product gross margins were up sequentially and year on year a little bit so we saw continued improvement in gross margins.  In the Q4 guidance we’ve basically given you gross margin assumptions pretty flat for those which we were seeing in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Louis Miscioscia - Cowen and Company.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: I was wondering if you could go in and maybe give us a little bit more color that the hardware line seemed to do pretty well but the software licensing lines didn’t grow as well. Does that have anything to do with the environment that’s out there and what would your thoughts be I guess going into fourth quarter and ’09 on those two lines.
David Goulden: We talked about those lines a fair amount of time. Obviously you need to look at the individual businesses. Obviously what’s happening in content we talked about separately in security we talked about separately. I think where you need to look is the correlation between hardware and software and storage. As we’ve explained on several times hardware line will continue to grow faster than the software line because of the fact that when we are selling to existing customers they could move their licenses across for their existing capacity on the software and only by the upgrades. Also at the lower end the storage products and things like this there’s a lower software content. That’s not a trend that’s anything related to this particular economic environment that’s been there for quite some time which is why I focus on gross margins because you need to look at the margin for hardware and software together in storage the product gross margin and that’s what I mentioned was up sequentially year on year when you add those two together.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities.
Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities: Seems like Dell was down 26% year over year and 12% sequentially can you comment what you may be doing to offset that decline?
Joe Tucci: We’re doing two things. Number one is you could, David pointed out, the strong growth in CLARiiON and of course that was on the back of a robust channel build out that we’ve been doing. Of course on the back of building out our commercial and SMB sales organizations, that’s worked extremely well for us. On the other hand, we are very quickly and very actively working with Dell and if you talk to Michael Dell I believe he’d say the same statement and believe that there’s a lot more we can and should be doing together. We’ve probably got a little bit off track and we’re working hard to improve the Dell channel on top of everything else we’re doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets.
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Can you just talk about in the commercial segment Celerra was strong year over year what’s happening with Celerra competitively or in terms of product cycle? Also with Dell it looks like it was down significantly sequentially and year over year, how would you describe what’s happening there, they do have some of their own stuff now or is that just macro?
Joe Tucci: You mentioned the Celerra product line which our NS and NX product line we just announced a new low end the NX4. This is a multi protocol product. With that same product you can run NAS, you can run ISCSI and you can run SAN and you can run them all extremely well none of those is really kind of subjugated and have one that works well and two that are kind of chuck the box.  These are three that are tier ‘A’ storage solutions. That combination is working incredibly well for us and without a doubt we’ve been taking share because of that feature and that’s been a real winner for us. We’re going to continue to scale that market up and scale that product line up and down. On the other side of the coin you mentioned Dell and basically I was quite open I think as you know Dell bought EqualLogic, we diverged more than we should have and we are now putting plans together in addition to the channel build out and direct sales force build out that we’ve done we’re also putting plans in place very cooperatively with Dell to make this relationship even better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein: Can you comment on whether your financial services business grew year over year in the quarter worldwide and in the US? I think you mentioned that there was no incorporation in your Q4 guidance for any charges associated with expense reductions but have you included any expected benefit from expense reductions in your Q4 guidance?
David Goulden: Financial services globally we actually did see some overall modest growth but not surprisingly saw some declining revenue in the New York investment bank traditional financial services component within that. In terms of Q4 no, they do not anticipate any significant benefit from cost reductions its more something we’re looking in 2009.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: As you balance the cash as king mentality with the attractive valuations in a lot of cases in the current market how would you characterize your appetite for larger or smaller share repurchases and acquisitions as you go into the next couple quarters?
Joe Tucci: In this environment you did half of it for me. I think cash is king and options are king. I think they’re first cousins. Obviously we have built up a lot of cash and of course with that there’s going to be a tremendous number of options. We’re a strong company and the options will be there and obviously the answer to the question is yes buying back shares is a very attractive option. We’ve got to make sure that we do the right option, pull the right set of options at the right time to maximize the value for shareholders and that’s what we’re going to do. I don’t feel rushed to do that but I do feel compelled in this general time frame as this economy is soft to pull a reign on the right set of options or right option. That will maximize the shareholder value not only the short term but more importantly over the long term. We look at that every day, our Board is intimately involved and I just love the position we’re in from that point of view because it’s great to have options and cash gives you some of those options. It’s strength and cash which give you those options and we have both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shebly Seyrafi - Calyon.
Shebly Seyrafi - Calyon: Consensus for the December quarter revenue is $4.14 billion you guided to $4 billion. I want to know how literal we should take that number. In July you guided for greater than $15 billion for the year which would imply about $4.14 billion for calendar Q4. Maybe you can also talk about the trends you’re seeing in the first few weeks of October and how that may weigh into it.
Joe Tucci: That’s a tough question to answer. Obviously I think life with us is all about credibility with all of our base and everyone that follows us and all of our customers. We always call what we see to the best extent we can do it and our track records have been pretty good. At this juncture when listening to other calls you hear unpredictable and uncertain cloudy… We used a lot of those same adjectives.  Using a lot of forecasting that we do well, looking at pipelines, looking at front logs, backlogs, opportunities, taking in normal, we certainly aren’t planning in for a normal budget flush but I do think if you’re asking me I think they’ll be some. When we put that all together we came out with $4 billion. Obviously we did the $4 billion that will be a tick shy of the $15 billion and a tick shy on the EPS line for the year but our plan is our plan and we’re going to continue to drive for that. We’re giving you the best forecast we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from Clay Sumner – FBR.
Clay Sumner - FBR: I wanted to talk about how you guys can leverage two or three VMware’s key initiatives one of which is to make VMware into virtual data center operating system. Another which is use this OS to enable customers to move their apps off of their own infrastructure and put it on the infrastructure operated by service providers. Can you update us on your plans do develop that infrastructure service providers and maybe an update on [Halkenmalley] if you could please.
Joe Tucci: Obviously as Paul delineated his strategy you talked about the three key pillars of that strategy one is being the virtual data center future, one is VM Cloud initiative, one is VM Client initiative. Obviously these are kinds of things we’ll talk to you when we get together how we will use these technologies. Obviously VMware and as I mentioned 100 times now our staunch competitor is free to use these same technologies and in fact they do in their initiative. We’ll basically both say how VMware is progressing with those three initiatives and we’ll tell you what we’re going to do on our part on those three initiatives when we meet early in the new year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Shope – Credit Suisse.
Bill Shope – Credit Suisse: It obviously sounds like you guys are fairing better than most feared in this environment. Certainly even with that context here reigning in costs. Can you give us the scenario where we do go into a deeper recession then you’re assuming? How do you think about the plan ‘B’ in terms of managing the business, restructuring opportunities? If you could just give us at least some qualitative sense on what your plan ‘B’ type of strategy would be in that environment.
Joe Tucci: It would be unfair to obviously any good management team has contingency plans; you plan for what you really expect will happen with a heavy dose of reality. Then of course you have contingency plans, what if things are slightly better, how do I accelerate. What if things get worse, how do I make sure I adjust my plan, my go to market plans and my cost structure. Obviously we have done a lot of that and we’ll be discussing with our Board. I think its way, way premature to discuss that at this time. To give you a sense that I understand and better analog time and know how to do that and let’s all keep our fingers crossed that we go through tough patch but things are too, too terrible.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Fearnley - FTN Midwest.
Bill Fearnley - FTN Midwest : Could you give a little more detail here on the pipeline? When you talk to your direct sales force obviously when you talk to the channel as well what types of pipeline issues or opportunities are out there for SIM, CLARiiON and for the NAS products?
Joe Tucci: Obviously the hottest product we have right now is, you referred to NAS but we’re really selling it as a unified storage. As you buy this product yes you can use it in a NAS environment and yes you can use it in the SAN environment, Fiber Channel SAN environment, yes you can use it in an ISCSI environment.  Of course that’s very attractive especially as you go down market because let’s say you have a lot of your block data, you want to do it in ISCSI SAN for instance but you’re also going to have a lot of file and print workload and therefore you don’t have to buy a separate system you can do both on it. That’s really compelling, obviously that’s incredibly hot. I mentioned a huge trend whether its in financial services or Telco or anything else is going to be to be able to consolidate data centers, consolidate frames and that’s where the Symmetrix plays like no other. The importance, as these larger and larger companies through consolidations get built the importance on business continuity will rise. Of course that plays well again for SAN. CLARiiON has got a great value as you tier, of course Symmetrix tiers within the box and CLARiiON is a way to tier across frames and also within that frame. I think our balance of that is a real big differentiator for us of having the unified storage line, having the Clarion line which both ISCSI and Block as well as Symmetrix. That breadth is our strength.
Operator: Your last question comes from Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan.
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Turning back to CLARiiON you mentioned that channel was 50%, Dell was their tradition third can you talk a little bit about your commercial sales organization. It feels like they’re 15% to 20% of Clarion revenue this quarter versus the traditional third. Was there some dynamic within your focus shift to channel assist or something that would account for that?
Joe Tucci: That’s exactly right, that’s what it is, channel assist. We very rarely, very, very rarely allow our commercial and SNB sales force to take order. When they’re out there it’s to create need to help opportunities come to fruition faster, to help opportunities get larger. Again they always work with the channel partners. You’ve got to view those two things as one. It very much is an assist model. Let me just wrap it up and thank you all for being here. I think three key messages we’re very pleased with our product and solution set is strong and well placed. We talked pretty well about the options we have in our financial strength and our market strength and we’ll make sure that we choose the right options, the right time to maximize your value. We will look forward to getting together with you early next year for a formal review of our technology and strategy. Again, I think we are very realistic and understand how to manage through good times and even more importantly right now understand how to manage through tough times. Thanks for your interest. We really appreciate it and see you soon.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call thank you for attending.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa – Vice President, Global Investor Relations David I. Goulden – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Joseph M. Tucci – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Aaron Rakers – Wachovia Capital Markets Toni Sacconaghii – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Louis Miscioscia - Cowen and Company Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities David Bailey - Goldman Sachs William Fearnley – FTN Midwest Securities Ben Reitzes - Lehman Brothers Thomas Curlin - RBC Capital Markets Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities Keith Bachmann – BMO Capital Markets Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley Wamsi Mohan - Merrill Lynch Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the EMC Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Global Investor Relations.
Tony Takazawa: Good morning, welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2008. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO, and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO.  David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning, and he will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter. Joe will then spend some time discussing his market outlook, EMC's execution of its strategy, and how EMC is positioned in the marketplace. After the prepared remarks we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be highlighting various non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation. The reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules, and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of EMC.com.  As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  And lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden.
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that against the backdrop of a challenging economic environment EMC executed on our business plan and demonstrated strong performance. In the second quarter we had revenue growth of 18%, a non-GAAP EPS growth of 20%. Q2 was solid across the board with double-digit growth in all our business segments, double-digit growth in our major geographies, share gains, improving profitability and good execution by the EMC team. This marks the 20th quarter in a row of double-digit growth for EMC. Our strategy and hard work are certainly paying off. EMC’s ability to post solid results the last few years, and especially so far in 2008, is directly related to our strategic positioning and operational execution. As we said before, IT spending will continue to grow, driven primarily by the need to manage the ever-growing volume of information. The challenge of dealing with this information overload is leading to a set of needs that EMC is uniquely able to address. The challenge is universal in that the growth of information is outpacing the ability to store it efficiently. IT is getting increasingly complex and is outpacing the ability to manage all of it effectively. The volume of information and its ubiquity is outpacing the ability to secure it. The power needs of all this technology is outpacing the ability to supply the necessary power costs effectively and without new approaches and new technology, the growth and complexity of information will certainly outpace customers’ budget growth. EMC helps customers meet these challenges in a way no other vendor does. In terms if they need to store information, EMC is a clear leader with the broadest and deepest portfolio. In terms of helping IT complexity, EMC is the leader in virtualization as a key enabling technology to simplify the management of service and storage. EMC has technology uniquely able to manage the IT environment from applications through to storage while seeing through virtual layers, and EMC’s content management products can help to automate the management of information via policies. This is a truly differentiating set of management capabilities. With RSA, EMC is the leader in informationcentric security, to ensure that only the authorized can have access to particular information no matter where that information goes. EMC is a leader in helping reduce data-sensitive power needs via our power-efficient products and various solutions for reducing power consumption. Finally, the combination of all these capabilities makes EMC uniquely positioned to improve the overall efficiency of IT environments and help keep costs in check. I believe that it is EMC’s ability to address all of these customer needs that makes us successful. While some make think of our four major segments as discrete businesses, it’s really the combination of these and how we help customers deal with the information challenge that makes EMC unique and successful over time. Now let’s turn to the financial results. Since VMware’s results were announced last night, I am going to start out by discussing our Information Infrastructure business, as a whole, and then highlight our Information Infrastructure business units: Information Storage, Content Management, and Security. I will then make some comments about our consolidated results, including VMware. In Q2 EMC Information Infrastructure revenues were $3.2 billion, up 14% with approximately 300 basis points coming from currency. We had 7% growth in North America, which is a little slower than the 9% growth we saw in Q1, mainly due to the enterprise segments. Given the environments, 7% growth is a good number. We were very strong in EMEA, up 24%, Asia-Pacific up 23%, and Latin America up 19%. Growth in our brick, plus 13 other high-growth countries was again robust, up almost 40% year-on-year. We are pleased with the success we are seeing in these important geographies and I would like to congratulate our teams in these areas for driving such great numbers. Our solid revenue growth continues to reflect the combined strength of our sales force and the increasing contributions from our growing network of channel, alliance, and service partners. Now looking at profitability, non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.21, up 17%. Q2 operating cash flow was $457 million and free cash flow was $270 million. Year-to-date, operating cash flow is 8% and free cash flow is up 6%. We are pleased with these first half cash flow results and you will note the free cash flow was more than $80 million higher than our first half non-GAAP net income. Now moving on to our Information Storage business, in Q2 Information Storage revenues were up a very solid 14% over Q2 last year and within this storage product revenue was up nicely at 9%. We saw a good demand for our storage product portfolio across our major geographies, with particular strength in commercial and overseas. In the high end, Symmetrix revenues in Q2 were again strong, up 10% over Q2 of last year. The DMX-4 is the highest performing, most cost-effective, secure, energy-efficient, and easy to use high end array on the market today. The results show the demand for Symmetrix continues to be strong, with 10% growth on average in each quarter since we introduced the DMX-4. We are gaining a lot of traction with some of the new technologies and features we announced earlier this year. EMC is the only company offering enterprise Flash drive technology. Customers are very excited about this capability and demand is growing nicely.  Our virtual provisioning is also getting a lot of interest from customers. We are especially pleased with the accelerated growth in our de-duplication offerings. The Avamar store de-duplication products were up triple digits and we sold out of the most recently introduced product this quarter. We are also getting excellent feedback on the target-based de-duplication products we introduced at EMC World in May. Customers seem to appreciate the fact that they can get all these new technologies as part of EMC’s broad portfolio solutions, which provide better total value and integration than buying everything in piece parts from multiple vendors. Let’s now turn to our mid-range business that includes both our client family and Celerra NAS products. CLARiiON revenues were up 8% over Q2 of last year and while we experienced somewhat lower growth this quarter, we do expect growth to bounce back in the second half with some exciting new announcements. Our NAS business had another excellent quarter with revenues, again, up over 50%. Our NS20 and NS40 products are doing very well and clearly gaining share. We also closed the acquisition of Iomega in the quarter. I am pleased to note that we have already seen a lot of renewed interest in this brand from the channel and retail now that Iomega has become part of the EMC family. In addition, we recently the integration of Iomega storage products with our Retrospect Backup Software and our MozyHome Backup Service to create a new easy-to-use integrated storage solution for consumers. Stay tuned for more announcements. In Q2 Dell represented approximately 12.3% of EMC’s total revenues. Within this, Dell continued to be about 1/3 of CLARiiON revenues and the balance came from a mix of EMC’s Information Storage content management, security, VMware products. Today, EMC has the best storage product offerings in the company’s history and also the broadest and most integrated portfolio. The new technologies and features we’ve added, like data de-duplication, virtual provisioning, spin down, and Flash drives, have made our portfolio even more compelling in the market. As information continues to grow at nearly 60%, customers are struggling to keep up with growth and EMC’s unique ability to help customers with their many needs is an important competitive edge. Turning to Content Management Archive business, in Content Management and Archive revenues were up 18% over Q2 of last year. I am pleased to report that our execution in this business is improving. In addition, the pipeline is healthy. This continued customer need for scaleable solutions to effectively manage the huge volumes of content whilst at the same time improving business efficiencies, increasing productivity, and meeting compliance and risk mitigation requirements.  Toward this end, customers are particularly interested in the just announced Documentum 6.5 release, which extends the reach into more customer requirements and its new capabilities and is very easy to use. A key aspect of this release is the many innovations enabling richer Web 2.0 experiences for our customers, and in turn their customers. We believe we have the right team in place and operational execution is improving. With the introduction of Documentum 6.5 and its many new capabilities, we are well positioned to continue to gain share in this market. Now let me turn to our RSA Information Security business. Revenues in Q2 were up 15% over Q2 of last year. We are benefiting from strength in areas such as data-loss protection, identity protection and verification, and in security, information, and event managements. In the second quarter we continued to innovate by making securities stronger and easier to use through improvements to our Blackberry-based Two-Factor Authentication, the introduction of Flexible Card Authenticators, and the enhance of our Knowledge-based authentication offerings. While Secure ID growth did improve over last quarter, the business is still facing some negative headwinds, particularly in the financial services sector. Security overall continues to be a high priority for customers as they strive to better protect themselves and their customers from new threats. Informationcentric security requires layers of protection at every point of vulnerability and RSA is uniquely able to provide solutions from consumer-facing areas such as anti-fraud, anti-phishing, to Enterprise Brocade’s DLP and encryption, an important competitive differentiator in our services organization, which spans across our Information Storage, Content Management, and RSA Security businesses. In Q2 our Professional Services revenues again grew over 30%. Even in these uncertain economic times, EMC is gaining share in the Services businesses because of our unique services and underlying offerings of focus. There are three major factors underlying our Services success. First, customers are working to improve the efficiency of their IT environments. Secondly, customers are looking for help in managing their IT and consolidation and virtualization initiatives across their businesses. And third, customers are looking for help in implementing broader solutions that encompass multiple aspects of EMC’s best-of-breed portfolio. In addition, continued operational improvements and the development of excellent relationships with our Services and Solutions alliance partners are also key to making EMC a much valuable business partner worldwide. The bottom line here is that the broader information challenge is something that all customers are facing and the solutions require capabilities that span across areas like storage, virtualization, and security. EMC is well positioned strategically and a result EMC’s Services business is successful and gaining share. Now turning to margins, Q2 Information Infrastructure non-GAAP operating margin improved again and was 16.5%, up almost 30 basis points year-on-year. Non-GAAP gross margins were up 30 basis points, driven by continued improvement in product margins. Non-GAAP operating expenses were flat as a percentage of revenue. Within this SG&A did grow a bit faster than revenues. The year-on-year growth in SG&A is principally due to our targeted investments in the faster growing markets, such as the commercial market place and the Brick Plus 13 countries. I would like to take a moment to clarify that the incremental sales events that we first mentioned on the Q1 call are going into these high-growth markets and not into our more mature markets. We believe that these investments will have longer-term benefits in these high-growth markets in 2009 and beyond. We continue to identify places where we can improve EMC’s operating efficiencies by carefully managing head count growths, driving proximity, and finding new ways to optimize our non-people spend across the business. I will turn to a few highlights of EMC’s consolidated results. Total Q2 revenues were approximately $3.7 billion, up 18% from last year and we had good double-digit growth in each of our geographies. Revenue outside of the U.S. was up 27% and non-U.S. revenue was a record 48% of EMC’s overall revenue. Q2 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.24, up 20%. Our Q2 GAAP earnings include $0.04 from stock-based compensation and $0.02 from intangible amortization. As a result, Q2 GAAP earnings per share were $0.18, up from $0.16 in Q2 of 2007.  So you can get some sense of VMware’s contribution, I have broken out the VMware results as recognized within EMC on the slide, as well. As you can see, VMware had another strong quarter and contributed $0.035 to our consolidated, non-GAAP earnings results. EMC consolidated cash flow from operating activities in Q2 was $619 million. A few balance-sheet metrics that impacted Q2 operating cash flow include deferred revenues, which were a record high at $3.1 billion and up 30% over Q2 of last year, inventory turns which were 6.8 up from 6.6 in Q1, and DSOs which were 54 days. The four-day increase from Q1 is made up of two days from normal seasonality and two days from the Iomega acquisition that closed toward the very end of the quarter. Consolidated Q2 free cash flow was $374 million. On a year-to-date basis consolidated operating cash flow is up 7% year-on-year and free cash flow is up 8%. In addition, year-to-date free cash flow exceeded non-GAAP net income over the same period by about $100 million. Going to our cash position and cash use, we ended Q2 with a record cash and investment position of approximately $8.1 billion. About $4.6 billion of this is held in our overseas operations and in VMware. Financial flexibility is an important strength and competitive advantage and we believe our investment portfolio is in good shape and managed conservatively.  An important way we continue to return value to shareholders is through our use of cash with share repurchase and for acquisitions. In Q2 we spent approximately $130 million to purchase around 9 million shares. In conjunction with our Q1 repurchase, we bought back about $700 million worth of stock in the first six months. So far in Q3 we have bought another $150 million worth of EMC stock, bringing our year-to-date repurchase to about $850 million. In Q2 we spent approximately $270 million on acquisitions in both Storage and Professional Services. We will continue to use our strong cash position to invest in [inaudible] acquisitions that expand our technology sources portfolio and take us into new markets. Finally, I will make a few comments about our outlook for 2008. We now expect the EMC 2008 consolidate revenues to exceed $15 billion. Within this consolidated number expected revenues are helped by the solid performance in EMC Information Infrastructure plus the new Iomega revenues, and in turn, partially offset by the slightly expected revenue growth at VMware. Turning to EPS, we continue to be comfortable with the consolidated non-GAAP guidance we gave you in January. We continue to expect 2008 non-GAAP consolidated EPS to be approximately $1.04. This EPS excludes the Q1 IPR&D charge of about $0.04, stock-based compensation of about $0.18, and intangible asset amortization or about $0.08.  To help you better understand our reasoning behind the consolidated EPS expectations, I would point out that even though we expect consolidated revenues to be a little stronger, we are not expecting a change in our consolidated non-GAAP EPS for three reasons. One, while Iomega adds to revenues, it is not expected to accretive to non-GAAP EPS this year. Two, as VMware announced last night, their results are expected to be a little below what was included in our original 2008 guidance. And three, we expect the EMC Information Infrastructure business to be a little ahead of our original expectations. All of which nets out to no change in non-GAAP EPS on a consolidated basis. In closing, EMC’s results, over both the short term and long term, have been very solid. As one of the most trusted partners in IT, we believe EMC is well positioned strategically and operationally for continued success. With that, I will turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph M. Tucci: Thanks, David. I would also like to add my welcome and thanks to everyone joining us today for our Q2 conference call.  It is my pleasure to report that our overall performance in Q2 was strong, especially when you consider the tough economic climate in which we operated. This is evidenced by the fact that we achieved double-digit growth rates in all three geographies: the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa; and APJ. We did double-digit growth rates in all four of our businesses: Storage; Content Management; Security; and of course, in the VMware company. And across hardware, software, and services. I am extremely pleased to announce that Q2 2008 marked our 20th consecutive quarter, that’s five years in a row, of double-digit revenue growth, a notable achievement of for a company of our size and scope. I am very proud of EMC and VMware teams around the world that produced these results. I would like to thank them for their innovation, dedication, and just plain hard work. Well done. I will begin my formal comments with our take on the economic landscape and its impact on IT spending for the second half of 2008. As I said earlier, the economic environment is tough and I believe it will remain touch for at least the next several quarters. Really, IT spending is being more scrutinized now that it has been at any point in the 2003-2007 time frame and for sure, customers are showing more caution.  Please don’t confuse caution with not spending. Customers are continuing to spend in areas that give them cost advantage and customers are also spending to give themselves increased market advantage. In other words, they will invest to take share now and even more importantly, in the future.  This caution is manifesting itself in two related ways. First, we are seeing customers funding IT projects that have faster ROIs. And second, we are seeing greater scrutiny on almost every deal. In other words, the customer approval cycle is going through more senior-management layers and it is taking longer to get the final purchase order than we have seen in quite some time. The spending caution is most notable in U.S. enterprise accounts.  However, EMC is well positioned in this tight-spending environment. CIO survey after CIO survey points to the fact that EMC’s portfolio of products and services are squarely in areas where CIOs point to as their top 2008 spending priorities. Take for example the latest Goldman Sachs CIO report issued July 7, 2008. Virtualization, storage, security, along with data center, server, and storage consolidation were all pointed out to be top spending priorities. These are areas that EMC leads and excels in. In fact, in virtually all of these types of surveys, EMC is consistently mentioned as the company that company CIOs plan to do more business with this year. As our guidance pointed out today, we still firmly believe there is enough market opportunity and activity for us to make our 2008 goals. Furthermore, this uncertain global economy gives us the opportunity and imperative to work on garnering further operating and capital efficiencies for you, our shareholders. I believe there are excellent opportunities for us in both of these areas. Ultimately, though, it will be the quality and determination of our people that enables us to continue to gain share in this tough global economy. Let me know make a couple of comments on VMware before turning the call back to you for your questions. When you examine the hallmark of a truly great technology company, one first looks at the market opportunity on which the company is focused. Is it large? Is it growing rapidly? Is it really, really strategic to customers? Now put VMware through that same lens. The virtualization market over the next several years will reach double-digit billions annually, therefore it is a very rapidly growing market. It is absolutely strategic in game-changing to customers. The second thing you would look at as a hallmark of a truly great technology company, does it have innovative, distinct leading technology and products. Again, looking at VMware through that lens, we have the third generation of a hypervisor in place, a truly stable hallmark platform. We have 20 value-added virtual integration software, services, and products to sit on top of that hypervisor to make up our suite. Very distinctive. And of course we have plans to double and triple the number of value-added software, products, and services that we put on top. A truly distinct hallmark of a great company is does it have the people and the talent pool. VMware has been the place, and is the place, where the best and brightest are and want to be in the future. When you think of VMware, it’s at the nexus of three of the macro trends and technology for the future, the virtual data center of the future; Cloud computing and virtual desk top integration. It’s a great place to be and we’re going to make sure it’s a rewarding place to be and we will retain and recruit great talent to this company. And of course, does the company have great leadership in place? I have known Paul Maritz for years and I have worked with him now for the last six months and I can tell you he is a world-class technologist, he is a true technology visionary, he is a very, very good businessman, and he is an excellent leader. We have the right person in place and the right time for VMware. The last thing you might look at is has this company built a great ecosystem around them. VMware has a great cadre of partners, over 700. I have reached out to some of the largest partners and assured them that VMware will remain an independent company that will work openly, evenly, and seamlessly with all the interested players in the IT landscape. As we have said before, EMC has no plan to spin out it’s remaining 85% ownership in VMware.  We believe EMC has an incredible set of assets and businesses and are squarely focused on high growth segments of IT. We are in great position for the future and we have a very strong strategic hand. As always, I promise you we will strive to obtain maximum benefit for both sets of shareholders over the long term. We will give you more insight into our plans for VMware, as well as for our Storage, Content Management, Security, and Cloud technology and businesses at a full-blown investor/analyst conference which we will hold in New York City this fall right after the Q3 earnings call. I will now turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, we ask you to try and limit yourselves to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. Thank you all for your cooperation in this matter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Aaron Rakers with Wachovia Capital Markets.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia Capital Markets: Congratulations on a great quarter. I guess the one stand out in my mind maybe we can dig into a little bit is the cash-flow generation story of the company. It looks like relative to last quarter the free cash flow generation was a bit below the EPS, or the non-GAAP EPS, generation for the core company. I’m just trying to understand how we should think about that. It looks like it’s more about accounts receivable and bringing Iomega into the equation. How should we think about free cash flow relative to your target of $1.15 for the full year, given this quarter’s results?
David I. Goulden: Aaron, great question. And really you hit the nail on the head. The difference in cash flow between Q1-Q2 is due to the timing of collections of receivables between Q1 and Q2. We just had a phenomenal collection quarter in Q1 and a less money collected in Q2. That’s why I focused on the year-to-date performance. Year-to-date free cash flow for the whole business is $1.1 billion, $100 million than the non-GAAP net income. Year-to-date free cash flow for EMC Information Infrastructure is $926 million, $84 million higher than non-GAAP net income. So I think when you look over the six-month period, that gives you a much better picture of what’s actually going on.
Aaron Rakers – Wachovia Capital Markets: And can you say that you’re still on target? Do you still believe you’ll hit that $1.15 of free cash flow generation for the year? Per share?
David I. Goulden: Yes. As Joe said, we are on target to make our goals.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toni Sacconaghii with Sanford Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghii – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: I was wondering if you could comment on why you’ve actually decided not to repurchase more shares given the pretty strong pullback in your stock price last quarter. Your share repurchases actually were significantly lower than they had been in the first quarter. Now, clearly by pointing out that you have been in the market early in the third quarter, you may be telling us something. But can you comment on existing authorization, how you think about share repurchases, and why we shouldn’t expect EMC, at these price levels, to get more aggressive in repurchasing its shares?
David I. Goulden: Sure, Toni. Let me start that and I think Joe will add a couple of comments.  First of all, as you know from the last call, we have a large authorization which was given to us by the Board a while ago so it’s not an authorization issue. Previously we had told you that this year we would spend $1 billion-$1.5 billion on buybacks. We think it’s very attractive to buy the stock at current prices and at these prices will very likely exceed the $1.5 billion number we gave you for the year.
Joseph M. Tucci: Just a little color. We don’t like the stock at this price, we love the stock at this price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Louis Miscioscia with Cowen and Company.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: Maybe we could get another comment from you about the macro economy. Obviously, you’ve already said a few things here, but as we get to the back half of the year and we look maybe into even 2009, are you getting any kind of feel that the spending environment will change drastically as the macro conditions stay tough, that maybe conditions will get even more difficult than they are right now?
Joseph M. Tucci: Louis, I currently look at this. My take is, when I look at our pipelines and our front logs, there is sufficient business out there for us to do what we need to do. So we’re not opportunity-starved. I just think it’s going to kind of stay at this kind of level for maybe longer than any of us would like. I don’t see it getting a lot worse but I do see it maybe going a little bit longer than we would like. If that happens, I think we are well positioned because we’re in the right markets.
Louis Miscioscia - Cowen and Company: A quick follow-up on just hiring. Obviously VMware said that they are going to hire selectively. Some of your competitors are hiring rather aggressively. What’s EMC’s hiring plans for the rest of the year, mostly in sales?
Joseph M. Tucci: As David kind of hinted at, where we are hiring, and we are definitely hiring in sales, it’s pretty much in two areas. We created a new term called Brick Plus 13, which is the brick countries which everyone knows about and 13 other countries. It’s actually a little bit more than that but it’s sort of rapidly growing economies and we’re really investing there and that’s paying big dividends. David said our growth there, again, this quarter was over 40%.  And then another place we’re having great growth around the world is as we go down in the commercial SMB markets, and obviously we’re hiring there. So those are the two areas where we are adding sales people.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Moskowitz with JP Morgan.
Mark Moskowitz - JP Morgan: I have a question in terms of the contribution from international as it relates to growth. You talked a little about how balance versus hardware relative to software, vice versa, in terms are, are you seeing a greater pull from the hardware first or software, as you try to relate and drive this to main creation?
Joseph M. Tucci: It’s pretty interesting, Mark. As we look around the world, it’s pretty even, you know, the hardware and software products. Obviously we’re growing faster but if you look at the percentages within that growth, they remain pretty constant. So it’s pretty interesting. We’ve look at that a number of times and I don’t know if it’s surprising or not surprising but that’s the facts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaushik Roy with Pacific Growth Equities.
Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities: Congratulations despite such a bad macro environment. Seems EMC share depends on the value of VMware and some investors are expecting a spin off of VMware in 2009 as you had earlier mentioned, you will do what is best for investors. Now it seems it’s very clear that you will not spin off VMware. And it seems the core EMC is being valued at less than 10x earnings, so can you comment what changed or why or how it is good for EMC shareholders?
Joseph M. Tucci: I think that is a great question and I think what you want me to do is talk a little bit about the analyst meeting now, which I am going to resist doing. So, we will give you the full breadth of our thinking but again, I want to emphasis, we are in the long term going to do what’s best for shareholders. Period.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bailey with Goldman Sachs.
David Bailey - Goldman Sachs: Could you talk a little bit about linearity in the quarter and following up on commentary from VMware last night, did you see deals pushed out and decrease in size in the quarter.
David I. Goulden: David, let me start with that. So the linearity during the quarter was very typical of what we saw in Q1, typical of what we saw in Q2 a year ago.
Joseph M. Tucci: One of the things we’re doing, David, is we’ve recognized this trend and we picked it up staring a few months back. And we’re working really hard to get our sales people to say these big deals, and even smaller deals, are going to take longer than you think to get out of our customers’ processes and the sales cycles will elongate, therefore we have got to start moving up activity earlier in the quarter. And we did a pretty good job of that and is how we had posted the numbers we posted. And we will continue to do that and we do that through activity generation and in the way we work our comp plan, to really kind of force, a lot of force to try to work earlier in the quarter to give customers proper time to work it.  Because you’re not going to rush customers, they’re going to take their time, but if you get the deal and their order, the deal makes sense and it helps them save money, it gives a good ROI, it helps them get good benefit, you’ll get the deal done. There is sufficient pipeline out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Fearnley with FTN Midwest.
William Fearnley – FTN Midwest Securities: You guys mentioned share gains in your opening comments. Can you give some more color here on the competitive environment in terms of where you see your share gains? Because you had mentioned that before. And then also if you could add some additional color on the growth economies. How do you see the decision cycles and competitive dynamics there? Did that help your share gains?
Joseph M. Tucci: I’ll start with the growth economies. It certainly did. As you take us against like an HP and an IBM for instance, you know, both of those companies, one I think is a point or two over and one is a point or two under, they have 70% of their business coming out of international.  You noted that EMC set an all-time record at 48% of its revenues coming out of international. So again, tremendous progress. It used to be 60/40, 60% U.S., 40% international so we’ve made great progress over the last year or so. But still, we’ve got a long way to go. So international expansion is an important growth metric for us and we’re doing it well. As you also noted, we’re doing reasonably good growth in the U.S. in these quarters and especially when you consider that U.S. enterprise has probably taken the brunt of the hit right now.  So, it is definitely part of our plan to get this broad base and of course, within the international theaters, the parts of this Brick Plus 13 as we call it, is the fastest growing piece so we’re putting extra focus there. So, yeah, it’s all part of our growth plan and it’s working exactly as we had it plotted out, thank God.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Reitzes with Lehman Brothers
Ben Reitzes - Lehman Brothers: I just want to hit on the VMware thing again, Joe. And I respect that you have to have an analyst day and perhaps you’re waiting for a new CEO to make his plan and you don’t want to front-run it. But obviously when you bought VMware I believe the market value of your company might even have been higher. You know, all you guys are doing is putting up good quarters and your CFO is providing great information. And I just wanted to get a feel for your sense of urgency for turning this around. It seems to be the main issue with the stock. And what you’re looking for Paul to do and I know you don’t want to front-run the analyst day, but this is what clients are asking about. This is why it feels like your stock’s underperformed. I mean, a good quarter today you would only be up a few nickels. I mean, can you give us a little more insight? I mean, this the, you know, maybe the single point of frustration near term and I’m just wondering how we make an investment decision if we wait for the analyst day, when this is the biggest thing that might be holding you guys back right now.
Joseph M. Tucci: Well, part of what you said doesn’t make a lot of sense, right, Ben? If the core EMC is increasing in value and we’re hitting the numbers we’re hitting, VMware has got to be worth quite a bit, right, incrementally. How could what’s happening happen, but that’s a point of frustration.  All I’m going to say for now is you’re absolutely right. Paul is world-class and the right guy at the right time. Trust me on this. And we are going to do the right things for the shareholders and I’m telling you that we just really need the time and we’re going to take that time and we will talk to you in the fall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Curlin with RBC.
Thomas Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: VMware spin issue, you guys have talked about doing what’s right for shareholders, so now you’re explicitly saying you won’t spin it. There’s been some rumor to that effect for some time. But how do you reconcile those two comments, right? If shareholders decide that’s what’s right, are you saying you’re going to decide against what shareholders want and if so, what are you going to do to block that?
Joseph M. Tucci: We’re going to do what is in the best interest for the shareholders. They’re not in conflict. I think right now you would think for sure, we have to focus back on the business, get VMware back on track. It’s got phenomenal opportunities. You look through the EMC access, we have phenomenal opportunities. There’s a lot of things we can do together. They’re working great with their partners, their partners are comfortable with our ownership and working with an even hand.  And again, I’m just going to come back to the answer. We’ll give you some of the answers you want and we will give them to you in that time frame I just told you. Right now we’re going to focus on getting VMware business back on the right track, it’s still on a great track, but we’ve got to get it back in its almost perfect track, and we can and will.
Thomas Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Is it logically coherent, though, to say that you will do what’s right for investors but you absolutely will not spin out VMware?
Joseph M. Tucci: There’s a timing for everything, okay? And I kind of know a lot more of what’s going on than anybody else and we will do the right thing for the shareholder when and if the time is right. And always, we will do the right thing for the shareholder over the longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Bracelin with Pacific Crest.
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities: I really wanted to spend some time of the kind of high end business. You’ve been very strong here now for three quarters, averaging 10% growth. How much of that is driven kind of by DMX-4 upgrades versus capacity. And, Joe, do you think there’s any sort of difference at the high end that gives you confidence that potentially that business could remain strong in the second half of the year and not slow down?
Joseph M. Tucci: I think the biggest difference is what we’ve done with the DMX which the customers have noticed. I’m not sure if maybe the investor community has noticed as well. Over the last several releases, now of course it takes customers time to get these releases into production so you’re seeing the effect now, we’ve added two really major capabilities.  One is the capability to use [sodded] drive so you can now put big terabyte drives into DMX. And of course, as you have extra space in DMX, and you insert those terabyte drives, and because of the vast power and capacity in that frame, it’s a very inexpensive way of adding tier-three storage. The second thing we did is we added quality of service, similar to what an IBM mainframe would have. In other words, now as you put a tier-three storage layer in a DMX you can give that the proper quality of service. So therefore if you’re running a highly important online transaction processing system you’re not going to let’s say a decision support system that’s kicked off in tier-three interfere with the IO rate and timing of that important application. So that’s what quality of service gives you.  So as customers see that, they are using that capability and it’s just another way to tier your storage and it’s kind of tiering up your storage in the same frame with adding quality of service. And that’s been a phenomenal feature and I think that’s going to continue to help us drive growth as customers’ number one way. If you’re a customer and you want to save money on storage, tier your storage.
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Securities: Are those two incents enough to kind of extend the life of the DMX-4 kind of upgrade cycle that took you through the last two to four quarters.
Joseph M. Tucci: We’ve also added what we call virtual provisioning which is a very good implementation of thin provisioning. It has a lot of ease of use, it’s got the world’s best replication, I could go on and on and on. I mean, this is the frame everybody compares themselves with. DMX is the standard. And of course, as we add more and more capabilities and features to that, de-duplication and all that is coming. So the more we add to this frame the more customers say it’s easy for them to manage, they need [inaudible] and it’s just a good way to go and that extends the life and it is what is helping funnel our growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Bachmann with Bank of Montreal.
Keith Bachmann – BMO Capital Markets: David, I was hoping you could talk margins a little bit. On the gross margin side give us some perspective on how you see products versus services unfolding in terms of the margin performance and then going against the OpEx side, how we should be thinking about SG&A in particular, which you mentioned has been moving up higher than sales and how we should be thinking about the aggregate margins when you roll all that up.
David I. Goulden: First point to note is that while there have been some movers, which I will come back and talk about, we’ve been moving things around in an environment where we’ve been expanding operating margins. So in the first half of the year operating margins have expanded about 30 basis points which in this kind of economy I think bodes well for all the businesses.  Relative to the different elements, you see gross margins have been going up and that’s being driven by increasing product margins and [inaudible] combined. And that’ true in the Storage business, that’s true in Information Infrastructure. Slight offset against that would be a high mix of Professional Services which always have lower margins when totaled, the margin lines would be moved up nicely. And then as you pointed out, Keith, and as I pointed out, really OpEx has been flat with the exception of the investments in SG&A and those are paying dividends and we are making the investments while still expanding our operating margins. So we think the model is kind of working quite well. We’ll continue to make those investments in SG&A and we should continue to see margins move in the right direction.
Keith Bachmann – BMO Capital Markets: So, David, just to be clear, will gross margins, then, you think continue to track up, and I’m referring on a year-over-year basis because obviously you’re going to get some seasonality benefits, so those will continue to track up, you think, while you’re making those investments in SG&A to offset it?
David I. Goulden: Basically, yes. And we will balance the entire picture within an environment where we give you some slight expansion to operating margins this year, which is consistent with our original guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: David, you mentioned that Iomega will not be accretive in the back half of the year. Is it actually dilutive and if so, by what amount? And can you also touch on what you’re assuming for revenue, synergy or dis-synergy versus Iomega stand alone over the next year?
David I. Goulden: Katie, basically it’s a [diminimous] impact to our non-GAAP EPS this year from Iomega so no real impact or negative. I’m sorry, I missed the second part of your question.
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: What are you assuming in terms of the revenue opportunity over the next year versus Iomega stand alone?
David I. Goulden: We believe we can grow Iomega faster as part of EMC than it grew stand alone. Obviously you can look online and see what their stand alone performance has been but we certainly think we can drive incremental growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wamsi Mohan with Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan - Merrill Lynch: Could you comment on revenue funds vertically, where trends were better or worse than expected?
Joseph M. Tucci: It’s pretty interesting. You expect me now to say financial services, but we actually did okay in financial services. It’s not as lumpy as you would think across verticals. We are seeing it a little bit more by geography. And again, it wasn’t terrible in the U.S., the enterprise slowed down a little bit from what it was last year. But there is no one particular vertical that was horrible or no one particular vertical was outstanding.
Wamsi Mohan - Merrill Lynch: And as a follow-up, how much more elongated are sales cycles now relative to a year ago? I mean, you had mentioned that the incremental sales adds are sort of in the Brick Plus 13 and commercial SMB markets. Arguably, those folks are not going to be productive here in the near term. So for 2008, what gives you the confidence that you can close the same level of business with sort of no incremental resources and elongated sales cycles?
Joseph M. Tucci: Let me tell you how it’s manifesting itself. It used to be a customer said okay, you had been selected, you were going to get the order, that would have normally been a week to two week process. Now we’re seeing that take a week to ten days longer than that in some cases because it’s just got to go through more levels of scrutiny and what we need to do now is get that, knowing at the end of the quarter is a fixed date, in this case it happens to be September 30. We’ve got to make sure that we back up from that and get these things in the pipe in the first two weeks so we can get them out.
Operator: Your last question comes from Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan.
Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: You commented on Symmetrix and Celerra. You haven’t talked much about CLARiiON. Can you talk a little about CLARiiON trends in the quarter? I know you did have some product enhancements forthcoming so that might have hampered it. And secondly, how the Dell relationship is faring a couple of quarters into the EqualLogics purchase.
Joseph M. Tucci: I think you hit on the two events that caused us a little bit of a slowdown. Let me pick up on the Dell comments. Obviously when Dell did EqualLogics we created some confusion in the sales forces probably on both sides. If you were to talk to Michael Dell I am convinced he would give you the same answer I am going to give you. We have this thing back on track, we have a positioning. They do believe there is a good future. Obviously they are still high on what they can accomplish with EqualLogics but they do believe there is a very good future and growth opportunity with them with the CLARiiON line. And we have really actions between the two of us back with our field to make sure that happens and I absolutely believe it will happen. Those actions caused a little bit of stalling, a little bit of constipation in the field and we’re now through that. And course, we have some additional products coming and that will help, also. Well, thank you all for joining us and again, I will just say it one more time, the environment is tough and we think it will stay tough for a while. We absolute believe it is manageable. We have the attention of our field forces and they are doing very well and we’ve just got to work more diligently with customers earlier in the quarter to make sure we can get the amount of business through the pipes that we want to and that’s what we’re focused on. And we’re focused on not letting you down and we look very much forward to the fall conference together where we can give you more insight into our future plans. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Tony Takazawa – Vice President, Investor Relations David Goulden – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Joe Tucci – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC [Unidentified Analyst - Unidentified Company] Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Company Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Tony Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein Chris Whitmore - Deutsche Bank Securities Clay Sumner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Paul Mansky - Citigroup Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Technologies Thomas Curlin - RBC Capital Markets William Fearnley - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp. Ben [Writsis] - Lehman Brothers
Operator:  Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa. Sir, you may begin. 
Tony Takazawa:  Thank you, [Lori]. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of 2008. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO, and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO.  David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning, and he will highlight some of EMC's activities this quarter. Joe will then spend some time discussing his market outlook, EMC's execution of the strategy, and how EMC is positioned in the marketplace. After our prepared remarks we will then open up the lines to take your questions. I would like to point out that we will be highlighting various non-GAAP numbers in today's presentation. A reconciliation of our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosures today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the Investor Relations section of EMC.com. In addition, so you can more easily compare our results with prior periods, we will discuss our GAAP and non-GAAP numbers and outlook excluding this quarter's IP R&D charge unless otherwise indicated.  As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements, and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Lastly, I will note that an archive of today's presentation will be available following the call. With that, it's now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David?
David Goulden:  Thanks, Tony. Good morning and thank you for joining us today.  I'm pleased to report that EMC demonstrated strong performance in the first quarter. We had a great start to the year with revenue growth of 17%, non-GAAP EPS growth of 28%, and free cash flow growth of 22%. We executed our business plan and we're on track to achieve the financial goals for 2008 we set ourselves in January. Before we dive into the financial details of the quarter I'd like to make a few comments about what we're seeing out there in the marketplace. We know that IT spending will grow in 2008, driven by the need to manage the ever-growing volume of information. We also know that today customers are much more careful in how they spend their money as they struggle to make their IT infrastructures more efficient. Given today's uncertain economic environment, it's not surprising that we see customers increasingly focused on reducing operating costs, improving efficiencies, and maximizing ROI. Simply put, they want to get real bang for their IT buck. They are also increasingly realizing that they need to implement new technologies and new approaches in order to really improve their IT efficiency, and therefore we're seeing lots of interest in things like storage tiering and consolidation, data de-duplication, virtual provisioning, server virtualization, content management and security. And while there are discrete benefits from each of these, a customer can only achieve maximum efficiency in ROI if they're implemented cohesively and seamlessly as part of an information infrastructure and not as one-off purchases.  This increased customer focus on the benefit of information infrastructure as a cost saver is playing right into EMC's strength. We have all these key products and technologies, and we have experience implementing these new approaches. This is the core of EMC's competitive advantage and no one has both focus on information infrastructure and the skill to do what we do. Looking ahead, this is how EMC will continue to help customers and continue to gain share. Our efforts to continue to drive a consistently competitive position and diversified business model translates into EMC's solid financial structure and ability to achieve positive long-term results for our shareholders. Now turning to the details of our Q1 performance, I'm going to start by highlighting the results from our EMC Information Infrastructure business. This business is comprised of our information storage, content management and RSA security businesses. I'll then make some comments about our consolidated results, which will also include VMware.  In Q1, EMC Information Infrastructure revenues were $3 billion, up 12%, with 250 basis points coming from currency. We had strong growth in each of our major geographies. North America was up 9%, EMEA was up 15%, Asia Pacific up 13%, and Latin America was up 36%. And we grew over 40% in our higher-growth countries that include the four traditional brick regions plus another 13 emerging markets in Southeast Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East and Africa. The investments we're making in these important markets are definitely paying off. Our solid global revenue growth results from the combined strength of our [inaudible] sales force and the increasing contributions from our growing network of channel, alliance and service partners.  Now looking at profitability, non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.19, up 19%. Q1 operating cash flow was $812 million, up 21%, and free cash flow was $657 million, up 30% from Q1 last year. We are very pleased with these cash flow results, and you'll note that free cash flow was $250 million higher than our non-GAAP net income. Now I'd like to cover the revenue results from each of our Information Infrastructure business segments. First, let's take a look at our Information Storage business. In Q1, Storage revenues were up a very solid 12% over Q1 of last year. We saw strong demand for our Storage product portfolio across all of our major geographies, with particular strength in commercial and overseas.  In the high end, Symmetrix revenues in Q1 were strong, up 8% over Q1 last year. We continue to be pleased with the demand we're seeing for our DMX4 system, which is the highest performing, most cost-effective, secure, energy efficient and easy to use high-end array on the market today. In addition, customers are very excited about some of our newest DMX4 capabilities, including the integration of flash drive technology and virtual provisioning. In the mid range, Clariion revenue were also very strong, up 19% over Q1 last year and clearly representing share gains. Our NAS business had a very solid quarter, with revenues up over 50%, driven by continued demand and adoption of our NS20 and NS40 products.  In Q1, Dell once again represented approximately 12.5% of EMC's total revenues. Within this, Dell was about a third of client revenues and the balance came from a mix of EMC's information storage, content management, security and VMware products.  Today EMC has the best storage products offering in the company's history and also the broadest and most integrated portfolio of information products and solutions in the marketplace. We believe the strong Q1 results in our Information Storage business reflect the strength of our product portfolio and continued share gains. We will continue to expand our storage portfolio this year, providing customers with the most reliable, cost-effective, easy to use and energy efficient storage solutions available as we continue to bring out new products faster than anyone else, moving strategically up and down markets. Turning to our Content Management and Archiving business, revenues were up 8% over Q1 last year. During the quarter we saw good demand for our D6 platform, particularly internationally, and the business pipeline in strong. The lumpiness in our Content Management business this quarter was partly due to timing of some deals and partly due to some of our own execution challenges, which impacted the quarter's license growth. There continues to be an avalanche of unstructured data being created, and businesses are looking for scalable solutions to effectively manage their huge volumes of content while at the same time improving business efficiencies, increasing productivity, and meeting compliance and risk mitigation requirements. Going forward, we remain confident in the competitiveness of our Content Management product offering and we're focused on improving our execution, and we believe we're well positioned to gain share. Now let me turn to our RSA Information Security business. Revenues in Q1 were up 13% over Q1 last year. During the quarter we had strong growth in risk-based authentication, anti-fraud services, and security, information and event management.  However, we did see some deals across the business where decisions were delayed and experienced lower than expected growth in our Secure ID Enterprise Authentication business. The Secure ID business was impacted primarily by weakness in the financial services sector in the U.S. and Europe. This has also been noted by others in the marketplace. We remain confident in the competitiveness of our Secure ID Enterprise Authentication offerings, and recently announced our next generation RSA authentication manager software platform, which we believe will fuel continued share gains.  In early April we hosted the RSA Security Conference, which is the most prestigious information security event of the year and which attracted over 17,000 attendees. We announced several new products and services during the conference, including our new data loss prevention suite, which we believe will be a very important market for us, new information security consulting services, and new enterprise encryption and key management technology.  These advancements support our information risk management strategy to help customers align their business and IT security priorities and further extend our information security leadership in the marketplace. We also continue to integrate RSA technology into EMC's Information Storage products, and recently announced the addition of RSA's encryption and key management functionality to EMC's PowerPath software.  Looking ahead, we remain confident that our information-centric approach to the security market will continue to create opportunities to help customers in key growth areas, and we believe we're well positioned for continued share gains in the information security marketplace. An important competitive differentiator for our EMC Information Infrastructure business is our Services organization, which spans across our Information Storage, Content Management and RSA Security businesses. Approximately half of our Information Infrastructure Services revenue and the fastest-growing part is generated by our Professional Services organization that is helping customers lower their IT costs, meet service levels, protect their information and gain maximum value from the use of our products.  In Q1, Professional Services grew over 30%, and we're very well positioned to continue to help customers with their technology solutions and services required to meet their performance, availability, functionality and economic efficiency objectives.  We're very proud of EMC's Services organization, and we'll continue to make investments in our own capabilities and in strengthening our relationships with our services and solutions alliance partners. Now we're turning to margins. In Q1, the Information Infrastructure non-GAAP operating margin was 15.8%, up 30 basis points year-over-year. Within this, gross margins were up 150 basis points, with margin improvements from both products and services, and operating expenses were up 110 basis points, reflecting investments in our product portfolio and our go to market model, particularly in our commercial business and the international markets.  We continue to identify places where we can improve EMC's operating efficiencies by carefully managing headcount growth, driving productivity and finding new ways to optimize our nonpeople spend across the business. We will look to effectively use these savings to both fund innovation in our product development organizations and to fund growth in our go to market organizations. I will now turn to a few highlights of EMC's consolidated results.  Total Q1 revenues were approximately $3.5 billion, up 17% from Q1 last year, and we had strong double-digit growth in each of our geographies.  Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.23, up 28%. Our Q1 GAAP earnings include $0.04 for stock-based compensation, $0.02 for intangible amortization, and $0.04 of IP R&D expense mainly associated with the acquisition of Pi Corporation. Adjusting for the IP R&D expense, Q1 earnings per share were $0.16, up from $0.15 in Q1 '07 and as expected. So you can get some sense of VMware's contribution, I've broken out the VMware results as recognized in EMC on the slide as well. As you can see, VMware had another strong quarter and contributed $0.03 to our consolidated non-GAAP earnings results. [inaudible] IT environments continue to expand across the globe, and in a recent survey of VMware customers, 85% said they were using VMware in production to run business-critical applications. And over 50% of these customers use VMware as a standard platform for delivering enterprise applications. To date, more than 100,000 customers including 100% of the Fortune 1000 - trust VMware as their server virtualization infrastructure platform. We continue to see this as a very positive driver of network storage deployments. Earlier I talked about how EMC is well positioned to help customers with their spending priorities and data center efficiency needs. Bringing the right solutions to the right markets continues to be the driving force behind our successful and diversified business model. This also translates into the strength of our operation results as a company, and our business remains very healthy.  EMC consolidated cash flow from operating activities in Q1 was up 14% from Q1 last year.  A few balance sheet metrics that impacted our Q1 operating cash flow include deferred revenues, which were a record high of $3 billion and up 30% over Q1 last year, inventory churns were 6.6, and DSOs were 50 days.  I'm very happy to say we are also reporting excellent consolidated free cash flow results for the quarter. Consolidated Q1 free cash flow was $717 million, up 22% from Q1 last year.  Turning now to our cash position and cash use, we ended Q1 with a very strong cash and investments position of approximately $7.9 billion. $4.2 billion of this is held in our overseas operations and in VMware. We have no collateralized debt obligations, no collateralized loan obligations, and no structured investment vehicles in our investment portfolio. Within the $7.9 billion, only $274 million were in auction rate securities. The auction rate securities are issued by government agencies, educational institutions or municipalities, and we feel very comfortable with these holdings. Financial flexibility is an important strength and competitive advantage, and we believe our investment portfolio is in good shape and managed conservatively.  An important way we continue to return value to shareholders is through our use of cash for share repurchase and acquisitions. In Q1, as promised, we spent approximately $557 million to repurchase approximately 36 million shares. This completes the $2 billion share repurchase we embarked upon in January of last year. Recently our Board increased our share repurchase authorization by 250 million shares. For 2008, we expect to utilize between $1 to $1.5 billion towards share repurchases.  In Q1 we spent approximately $338 million on acquisitions. Acquisitions help EMC in several important and strategic ways. They extend the reach of our business with new products and services, improve the value of our technology platform for customers, strengthen our competitive edge, and expand our reach into new growth markets.  Companies we acquired this quarter put us into new markets, such as cloud computing infrastructure and services, IT service management, document output management, and extended VMware's desktop virtualization capabilities and services. We'll continue to use our strong cash position to invest in [inaudible] acquisitions that expand our technology and services portfolio and take us into new markets. In closing, as one of the most trust technology partners in IT, we believe EMC is well positioned for continued success. EMC is aligned with key customer priorities and competitively advantaged with the strongest, most integrated product portfolio in the company's history. We'll continue to drive efficiencies across EMC's business and use these savings to continue to make focused investments in our future. And we'll continue to manage effectively our very strong financial position and return value to shareholders. When you add all this together, you have a company with a unique, very strong and diversified business model that is not only sustaining but extending its market and technology leadership. Our operational game plan is very much in place and aligned with our goals to continue to take share and deliver solid financial results in 2008.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Tucci:  Thanks, David. I would like to begin by welcoming everyone to today's call. As always, thank you very much for your interest in EMC. I am very pleased with our overall performance in Q1. Despite a tough economic climate, EMC teams around the world produced solid results as demonstrated by the fact that we had strong double-digit growth rates in revenue, earnings per share and cash flow, by the fact that we took share throughout the vast majority of our product lines, by the fact that we took share in each of our major geographies, by the fact that we grew our services revenues by a very healthy 30%, and by the fact that we had our best overall customer satisfaction ratings ever. My thanks to the 39,000 people of EMC and VMware around the world for their focus and dedication to our customers' success. I'll begin my formal comments by discussing a topic which I know is first and foremost on your minds, namely, the economic landscape and, even more importantly, its impact on IT spending. For sure, the global economic environment is tough, and I don't anticipate it will get easier anytime soon. Having said that, despite this backdrop, we believe there is enough opportunity for the products and services that EMC has in its portfolio for us to achieve our 2008 goals. In Q1, the impact of the troubled economy showed up mostly in the U.S., resulting in a bit of a slowdown in IT spending. We saw that customer approval cycles were lengthening, particularly in financial services, U.S. autos, and in some retailers. Despite this economic tightening, our U.S. Information Infrastructure business grew 9% year-on-year as customers are investing in our Information Infrastructure products and services to help them save costs and gain competitive advantage. The key reason for EMC's success is the focus we have on key areas of technology where we have strength and leadership. As we have said before, virtualization, storage, business continuity, information compliance, information security, and the consolidation of information infrastructure domains and data centers are top 2008 spending priorities as pointed out in CIO survey after CIO survey. And this priority list is being closely adhered to in these tighter economic spending environments. Another key reason for our success is the process and programs we put in place aimed at expanding our growth in international markets, especially in countries with high-growth economies, our process and programs aimed at accelerating our growth in commercial and SME organizations around the world, and our process and programs aimed at building out and leveraging our world class partner ecosystem.  Interestingly, a number of our industry leading customers are telling us that they are planning to use their strength as a competitive weapon, and they're continuing to invest quite heavily in IT as a means to substantially increase their competitive position. In other words, as one of our customers put it, "We are strong now. We are investing to consolidate and save expenses for the future. We are investing to put in new infrastructure and systems to serve our customers even better. And when the economy turns up, we will even be further ahead than we are today." How does this relate to EMC as we think how to approach the current economic environment? We will maintain our planned spending on research and development, and we will add salespeople at an even faster rate than our original 2008 plan anticipated. To fund this, we are driving an increased focus on our expenses, especially indirect expenses, which are over $2.5 billion annually. Our goals are to make our numbers and take share. As I look at the major trends that will reshape the information technology industry over the next few years, I firmly believe EMC is incredibly well positioned, with leading, innovative technology as this rapid evolution unfolds.  What are these game-changing trends? We will see today's enterprise data centers evolve to socalled data centers of the future. We will see cloud computing paradigms grow in importance. We will see the dominant role of information-centric computing versus today's application and device-centric computing models. And we will see the vast importance of green IT. The reason I believe EMC is incredibly well positioned is because of our technology asset base across information infrastructure, virtualization, and cloud computing which come from internal incubated and developed efforts as well as from strategic acquisitions we have made. These investments speak directly to the major challenges and opportunities of the future.  In short, I love our strategic position today and even more so for tomorrow. And, as always, we intend to run EMC to maximize the value for our shareholders over the long term.  I purposely kept my formal comments brief as I know you want to get to the Q&A portion of today's call, so without further ado, let me turn it back to Tony. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask that you please limit yourself to one question. That includes clarification. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Lori, can we open up the lines for questions, please?
Operator:  Yes, thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Aaron Rakers of Wachovia.
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  Maybe you can help us understand what the currency impact was, and then also help us understand the economic backdrop. Joe, could you comment on how the trends looked through the course of the quarter from a linearity perspective? [break in audio] 
David Goulden: When we are working a customer, it's really the solution value and the solution margin which we're actually looking to achieve. And at a product level, we had nice growth in storage and product margins went up in the storage as well. So I know you can't look at those numbers. I wouldn't read too much into the mix inside of the Storage business. 
Unidentified Analyst - Unidentified Company:  And then just quickly, Joe, can you share your vision of EMC's participation in the consumer market given some of the recent acquisitions? 
Joe Tucci: Sure. When you - I'm sure you're talking about our planned acquisition of Iomega and our introduction of our Lifeline software. Obviously we've been very influenced by a lot of the research that's been done which points out that if you think of information and its creation, 70% of information is created by individuals. And that number's been tested and tested, and it seems pretty solid. And then of course on the other side, 85% of the information that is created by individuals will be managed by bigger enterprises or in cloud computing topologies.  So what we really want to do, [Katie], is connect those two together. So obviously we think most middleclass people around the world will have a terabyte of storage in their home over the next couple of years, so there's opportunity to play there. And, of course, even more compelling to us is that we believe that home will be connected to big information centers around the world, and we certainly want to play there. As we play on both ends of that, we think it's going to be a great market for us.  Also, as we get into that, it gives us a lot of ability to leverage our supply chain and bring down costs across the whole business. So it's quite strategic, and that's kind of behind our thinking.
Unidentified Analyst - Unidentified Company: Thanks. Good quarter, guys.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Katie. Just as a reminder, we ask that you limit yourself to one question, please. Lori, can we take the next one?
Operator: Yes. Shebly Seyrafi with Caris, your line is open.
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Company:  Yes. Thank you very much. I'm trying to understand, you had a large inventory increase at the - in calendar Q1. Did that represent a pause that may be reflective of a potentially weaker than seasonal Q2 for you? 
David Goulden: Shebly, I'll be quite open with you on that. We had a mid-week quarter end - our quarter ended on a Monday night this quarter and therefore we wanted to make sure, given the difficult economic environment, we had inventory to kind of buffer any mix changes at quarter end. So it's as simple as that.
Tony Takazawa:  Thanks, Shebly. Next question, please.
Operator: Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal, your line is open.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal:   Hi. Thank you. I want to go back to the software question, if I could. On the license side, on the software license side, if you took out VMware, software license growth was actually a negative 5% year-over-year for the balance of EMC. Yet doing the same exercise for the deferreds on the balance sheet, there was actually healthy growth on the deferreds, roughly 20% if you take out even VMware's deferreds from your balance sheet. How do we reconcile this, and, more specifically, will we continue to see software license growth decline over the next couple of quarters please?
Joe Tucci: You know, the big - obviously, as David said, the big swinger here is, because it's so big, is our storage software. 
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Right.
Joe Tucci: And unfortunately or fortunately - and I think fortunately - we got a pretty good model. It's working well for us. Why do I say that? Because if you look at product revenue, it's growing quite nicely, as you saw. And if you look at gross margin, gross margins are up year-on-year. And customers really don't buy as much in the tune of, say, well, I'll buy this much software and this much hardware. They're looking for kind of a bundled solution package price. So what happens obviously is the underlyings of the business is good, so I want to go back to that, the underlying metrics of the business are good and we're quite happy with them. On the other side you can see that the support and the deferred are up, and that's because we're making sure that we do a good job on renewals because obviously the license is perpetual but every so many years the customers have to re-up and then they re-up their support charges. So that grows. And of course we make sure that we carve out of the license fee what we need to have adequately under good accounting practices to make sure that we do have that support.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Joe, is there anything changing, though, more specifically in the nature of the relationships contractually, you're pushing more to the maintenance side versus the license side?
Joe Tucci: Not that we're pushing more there. I mean, it's kind of the way the business is breaking out. We've got such a huge base, especially with Symmetrix, and the base doesn't grow that much, but it expands. And of course as you expand you get into different tiers and as you go into higher tiers, you get better pricing per tier. So most of the way that we're going to make money on Symmetrix is through support. And we basically have a good rigor to make sure that we get that and customers do renew, and that gives us a good source. So when you really look at the business, you've got to almost put the license and the support together. They're both high-margin items, very high-margin items, and as you can see, on the support side across the businesses we're in the mid-20s, even higher than that in security in terms of our support, our maintenance growth on software.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Keith. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein. 
Tony Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein:  Yes. Thank you. Joe, you had mentioned that you had changed your plans somewhat to boost the amount of spending on salespeople and try and fund that from indirect spending. It sounds like that's a decision you've taken in the last 90 days. Can you comment on when that decision was made and is it in reaction to a spending environment that's actually a little bit different than you thought 90 days ago?
Joe Tucci: Tony, you're right. It was taken in the last 90 days because obviously we booked the plan with the Board, it's kind of quasi-booked in the very end of December and then it's confirmed in very early January. So at that time we're adding additional salespeople since that event, and primarily where we're going to add these salespeople is in the rapidly growing commercial and SME and in some of the really high-growth economies. And we're having just tremendous success in both of those, and then of course a little more focus on the DNS, which is our network attach. But it's actually not even network attach - it's our unified storage which has [inaudible] and [NAS] all together, and that's being incredibly well received.  So those are the three areas where we're going to put significant firepower because we think the growth is there in those opportunities, and we see nothing on the economic landscape that's going to slow those three or so areas I mentioned down for us. So we want, obviously, to make a plan, so we've got to carve out money to make that. And that's going to hopefully fuel some growth, and we'll see how the economy shakes out.  Right now, we're sticking with our overall benchmark goals that we set for ourselves and the Board and shared with you guys.
Tony Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: That is the implication that you felt that in order to make your goals, you had to do this? Because there was some talk of doing this at the beginning of the fiscal year. It sounds like you've said given the environment, maybe because you think U.S. will be weaker, we've got to step on the gas even stronger in some of these high-growth areas to meet our target. Is that a fair interpretation and, if not, why, again, why the change in plan specifically over the last 90 days. 
Joe Tucci: Well, Tony, it's a little bit different than that. I mean, in the beginning of the year, if you looked at the plan, we did have a substantial step up in those exact same areas, so in commercial, in SME, in international, in high-growth countries in international around our network, excuse me, around our unified storage products. We knew these were going to be like red-hot areas, and we did put a substantial increase. And then as we saw the demand and the take up, you know, David talked to you about our unified storage grew 50% year-on-year, our high-growth - what they used to be called, emerging economies, how can you call them emerging economies; these economies have emerged, they're rapidly growing economies - and the take up is so good we're putting more resource there. So it's really truly not to protect what we see as, you know, the U.S. being way off. I mean, the U.S. grew 9%, and commercial within the U.S. is doing very nicely and that's going to get some of these resources. On the other side, I think it's fair to say, Tony, there's uncertainty that I'm certainly not going to increase the $15 billion goal, right? So that'd be another way to look at it or the way to look at it.
Tony Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks, Tony. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Whitmore of Deutsche Bank.
Chris Whitmore - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Thanks. My question was around thin provisioning. It sounds like it's starting to ramp at the high end and perhaps in the mid-range this summer. Some of the storage buyers I've talked to suggested this is a game changing technology that allowed them to drastically reduce storage spend and still get the same utilization out of that disk. Can you comment on the timing of thin provision, and how you expect it to impact overall demand for your boxes? Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: Well, I do think - you know, we've mentioned it, David mentioned it in his probably pretty comprehensive comments - that we think, you know, we call it virtual provisioning because we think we're taking a little bit different and more innovative approach than some of the others that have thin provisioning. But that's going to be kind of a mandatory in the storage landscape, and we have had it out on our unified storage product family now for a couple of years. It's shipping now on Symmetrix and it'll be kind of - you need the newest version and you need a Sym4 so it's not a huge ramp at the time, but it is starting to ship and it'll be shipping in volume probably by the end of - big volume by the very end of the quarter.  In effect, though, you can almost look at it as a one-time gain because if your information is going to grow X percent, you can get better utilization but then as your information grows from there on out, you're still going to have to add the storage. And I think information growth is picking up, and then of course things like thin provisioning, things like [de-dup], data de-duplication and other very redundant - data de-duplication, another very important technology - help bring that back down. But I think even putting those down, we're going to have plenty of growth with our customers. So I think this is a great technology for us and our customers, and I'm not worried about it at all impacting our performance. 
Chris Whitmore - Deutsche Bank Securities: What kind of utilization benefits do you expect your customers to achieve once they install your version of thin provisioning, and why wouldn't that impact future demand for storage boxes?
Joe Tucci: Well, let's just say your utilization rate today - I'll make it up - is 50%, and you can put in thin provisioning and bring it to 85%, right? But after you brought it to 85% and you need more storage, you're going to have to add more storage, right? Your true information growth is going to show up so if you're under provisioning, you know, it doesn't compound forever, is what I'm telling you. 
Chris Whitmore - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Clay Sumner with - I'm sorry - FBR.
Clay Sumner - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.:  Thanks very much. You guys have, well, you've talked about and there's been a lot of speculation about you spinning off VMware some time next year when it becomes more tax efficient. I'm sure you haven't decided that yet, but can you give us an indication of how you think about the need to maintain a controlling interest in VMware for strategic reasons? In the past you've described VMware as a key piece of your info-centric computing strategy, so do you feel you need to at least own a majority stake in it?
Joe Tucci: Right now we have absolutely, positively no plans of spinning off VMware. As we look to the future, we like the assets we have across our information infrastructure, virtualization and cloud computing pieces of our business, as I talked about. I think the most important is that, when you look at it - and I think without a doubt - both EMC and VMware are performing very well. This is obviously the most important aspect because it builds long-term shareholder value.  So that's the statement, and I also make a statement that management and the Board are very focused on what will create the maximum shareholder value for both sets of shareholders over the long term. And that's where I'm going to leave it.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Mansky of Citigroup.
Paul Mansky - Citigroup:  Thanks. Joe, as I look at your statements around maintaining full year guidance, some obviously, I think, justifiable concerns around the macro economic environment, the impact of virtual provisioning, can you help us contextualize a bit linearity with respect to the year? I know VMware provided top-line guidance at least last night. I certainly wouldn't ask for that specifically, although we'll take it, I'm sure. But can you talk to us about how you see the year unfolding?
Joe Tucci: I mean, obviously, Paul, there's a lot of unknowns so we've got to play it out. I really do think the virtual provisioning aspect is way overplayed. On one side, yes, you get better utilization of your disk drives. On the other side as they always say in life, there's no free lunch - and it does take processing cycles and software, both of which we charge for, to get thin provisioning accomplished. So it's not all gain for totally free, right? I mean, there is a balance the customers will strike. Obviously, we will have this across our whole line. As I said, it's in our unified storage products now. It's basically coming to Symmetrix as we speak, and it'll be in Clariion in the middle of the year. So I think that's all goodness. But for always, you always bought things like bigger disk drives, de-duplication, compression, I mean, there's always been technologies to help get utilization rates up there, and there will continue to be. And fortunately customers continue to build information, so we've got to continue to - we've got a lot of opportunities around our information infrastructure, which is why we're taking a broader approach than just storage.  And I believe that's not going to really impact our year. I think the biggest impact to the year will be how this economy works out, and, as I said, where customers are prioritizing their dollars right now or their yens or their Euros or whatever, we are in the best places. And we will continue to focus, and I think this is absolutely a case whether you're going to see the strong get strong and the weak get weaker. And we absolutely believe we're on the strong side, and I think you're going to see big have and have-nots as results go on throughout the year.
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Thank you very much.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Paul. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Freed of Morgan, Keegan.
Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.:  Good morning. Good quarter, and thanks for taking my call. Could you real quick talk about what kind of trends you're seeing within the financial services segment specifically given your outsized exposure to that segment?
Joe Tucci: I missed that one word.
Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Given your exposure to financial services, can you talk about what you're seeing trend-wise there, if you've seen any stability off of what looks like a lower trend line or if you see continued weakness in the segment?
Joe Tucci: Well, it's really interesting. When you talk to financial services companies - I'm talking more of the big ones now, but I'm sure that's probably what you're talking about, too - is they'll tell you that parts of their business are doing just fine, and then one or two parts they're having some issues in. So you can't just paint the whole industry where they're going to just start cutting back. And then, as I said, some of the - actually that example I gave of what one customer told me was from the financial services industry - so there's companies that think they are in a relatively good position relative to their competitors and they're going to, like I said, be one of the strong that takes share and comes out of this even stronger. So if you looked at it on a percentage basis, while we're not seeing any growth to write home about, we're not seeing this huge decline in financial services IT spending. But obviously to do that we're having to take share from others.
Brian Freed - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Brian. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaushik Roy of Pacific Growth Technologies.
Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Technologies:  Thanks. Congratulations on the gross margin improvement. Now is it primarily because of the increasing software mix or you're actually getting better margins on the hardware side as well? And then, Joe, I think in the January call you mentioned that gross margins will tick down, but do you expect for 2008 gross margins to be up over 2007 or lower than 2007?
David Goulden: Kaushik, let me take the first - I'll take both parts of the question. For the first quarter, as we talked, the actual software-hardware mix was actually, in theory, on paper, unfavorable towards gross margin, so to answer your point, our solution margins are up, which means if you mathematically calculate a Storage margin, then the Storage margins are in fact higher on the hardware side. But again, the important thing to focus upon is the overall solution content.  And as we talked about, if you kind of look at our 2008 guidance and we guided for a little bit of positive leverage in EMC infrastructure non-GAAP operating margins, then you would expect to see some improvement there coming from gross margins.
Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Technologies: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Curlin of RBC.
Thomas Curlin - RBC Capital Markets:  Hi. Good morning. Can you just maybe update us on your thoughts for linearity during the year? I think previously you've at least commented on what you thought about the distribution of revenue in a given year, and I think that probably included this year. Just given what's happening with macro, do you think it's appropriate to look at a distribution that's maybe a little more backend loaded than the historical average? If you look at it sequentially just into June, you've done everything from flat to up 5% sequentially over the last three years. Should we be closer to the lower end of that range just given macro or maybe stick with what you did last year at 5% up sequentially.
Joe Tucci: Tom, I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty. But right now we, as you know, we give guidance once a year. If we fall off of that, we'll certainly tell you. But I really hesitate to comment.
Thomas Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Maybe said a different way.
Joe Tucci: Right now we don't think it's going to look vastly different than other years have looked.
Thomas Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Tom. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Fearnley of Ftn Midwest.
William Fearnley - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.:  Yeah, good morning. Quick question for you, Joe, here on Symmetrix. How should we be thinking about Sym growth here for the rest of FY '08, and what trends are you seeing in the corporate data center space there? And then just a quick granular thing on Sym - how much of the growth here is from new customers and how much of it is upgrades from existing customers? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Bill, we don't break out that kind of data. We have said that we expect Sym to be a low to mid single-digit growth, and I think that's about right. And we just don't - obviously, we have the data but we just don't break that out. I think we're very generous with the data we do give out, so I think we'll stay right here.
William Fearnley - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.:  So you're comfortable still with the low mid to single digit here on Sym for the remainder of the year as well?
Joe Tucci: Yeah. And on a total year basis, I think, low to mid single digits is where Sym will come out.
William Fearnley - Ftn Midwest Securities Corp.:  Okay. Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. We'll take one more question and then have a few concluding comments from Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from Ben [Writsis] of Lehman Brothers.
Ben Writsis - Lehman Brothers:  Yeah. Thanks for getting me in there. Joe, just a little bit more on the color around the environment in a different way. I mean, obviously you saw the market get tougher and you decided to keep your outlook. Is there anything specific as you go through the segments that give you confidence to wake up today and keep your guidance, maybe something like maybe software sales were pushed out into the quarter and you have visibility, maybe a little more on Sym or Clariion momentum? Just a little more to point to that maybe are company specific that allowed you to keep the outlook. You've already been through the economy quite a bit, but more on the company specific stuff that allows you to buck the trend.
Joe Tucci: You know, Ben, I'm not sure how to answer that. On the plus side, we didn't do any kind of heroic diving catches, so to speak, so the business flow was the business flow. On the other side, as I said, I don't see the economy getting better anytime soon. Certainly, I was in Europe last week, you see some of the same evidence in, say, the U.K. I was also in Germany. You don't see it much there. So I just don't know how far some of this is going to spread or how much it will be contained, but I do know that we have strong products. I do know that our investments are to take share. I'm convinced that to make our numbers we have to take more share than normal. I'm convinced we have the product line and the people to do that, so that's where I'll leave it. 
Ben Writsis - Lehman Brothers: All right. Thanks a lot.
Joe Tucci: Well, thanks, everybody. Actually I gave a little bit of the - what I was going to say in the closing to the question that Ben asked. But I really am very pleased with the position of the company from both a product point of view and our go to market point of view. The attitude around EMC is a can do, winning attitude. Nobody is down here and saying wow, this is so touch, I can't make tomorrow. So the attitude is great, which I think is most important. I do think we are - besides that, we are also very, very well positioned in some of the real fundamental game changing moves that'll happen in the IT landscape, and that'll be exciting. And we'll be sharing a lot more of that with you as the year goes on and perhaps do it even at a formal session. And I do want to thank everybody for being on the call today, and all the best to you.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's conference. The conference has concluded. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa – VP Investor Relations David Goulden – Executive VP, CFO Joe Tucci – Chairman, President, CEO 
Analysts: Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal Paul Mansky – Citigroup Shebly Seyrafi – Caris David Bailey – Goldman Sachs Bill Shope – J.P. Morgan Kaushik Roy – Pacific Growth Chris Whitmore – Deutsche Bank Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley Brian Freed – Morgan, Keegan Bill Fearnley – Ftn Midwest Tom Curlin – RBC 
Operator: Welcome to the EMC fourth quarter earnings conference call. Parties will be in a listen only mode until the question and answer session of today’s conference. At that time you can press star one to ask a question. This conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect. I’d like to introduce your speaker, Mr. Tony Takazawa. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you Julie, good morning to everyone. Welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2007. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO, David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will provide a few comments about the results that we released this morning and he will highlight some of EMC’s activities this quarter. Joe will then spend some time discussing his market outlook, his execution of the strategy and how EMC is positioned in the marketplace. After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the line to take your questions.  I would like to point out that we will be highlighting various non GAAP numbers in today’s presentation. Reconciliation of our non GAAP comments to our GAAP results can be found in the disclosure today in our press release, supplemental schedules and the slides that accompany our presentation. All of these are available for download within the investor relations section of emc.com. In addition, we are providing a full eight quarters of GAAP and non GAAP information to help you reconcile EMC’s consolidated results with the EMC information infrastructure business and the results of VM Ware within EMC. Last quarter, we received very positive feedback from you regarding these schedules and I am pleased to say that we are increasing the transparency of this disclosure.  [Unintelligible] the call this morning will contain forward looking statements. The information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Lastly, we will note that an archive of today’s presentation will be available following the call on emc.com. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David. 
David Goulden: Thanks Tony, good morning and thank you for joining us today. I’m pleased to report that EMC demonstrated a very strong performance across the board in the fourth quarter and in 2007 and we’re well positioned for continued success as we enter 2008. Had solid execution and as a result we exceeded our growth, profitability and free cash flow goals for the year.  For today’s call you should all have the consolidated results from our press release in front of you. I’m not going to take time to repeat those now. Instead, I’m going to start by highlighting some results that we know you’re very interested in, namely the results from our EMC information infrastructure business. This business is comprised of our information storage, content management and RSA security businesses. I will then make some comments about our consolidated results which will also include VM Ware.  We’re starting with the EMC information infrastructure business results. Q4 revenues were $3.4 billion, up 15% and non GAAP earnings per share were $0.26, up 23%. Q4 operating cash flow was $895 million, up 62% and free cash flow was $688 million, up 98% from Q4 last year. For the full year, revenues were $11.9 billion, up 14% and non GAAP earnings per share was $0.79, up 20%. Full year operating cash flow was $2.5 billion, up 43% and free cash flow was $1.8 billion, up 86% from last year.  We are very pleased with these cash flow results in 2007 and you’ll note that free cash flow was approximately, was a little over $100 million higher than our non GAAP net income. In Q4, the information infrastructure non GAAP operating margin was 18.3%, up sequentially and flat year on year. During Q4 we made investments in some startup businesses, such as Mozy, we hired sales people for our BRIC and other high growth countries and for our commercial business and we paid out sales force compensation accelerated tied to our strong full year revenue results. As a result, SG&A expense grew faster than revenue sequentially from Q3 to Q4.  Now I’d like to cover the revenue results from each of our information infrastructure business segments. First, let’s take a look at our information storage business. In Q4, information storage revenues were up a very solid 14% over Q4 last year. We saw our storage business accelerate throughout the course of the year reflecting strong momentum. For the year, information storage revenues were up 10% over 2006, growing faster than the market and representing share gains. In the high end, Symmetrix revenues in Q4 were very strong, up 12% over Q4 last year and up 3% for the full year. Continued to be very pleased with the demand we’re seeing for our DMX4 system, which is the highest performance, most cost effective, secure, energy efficient and easy to use high end array on the market today.  Turning to the mid range, Clariion revenues were up 15% over Q4 last year and up 18% for the full year. We achieved strong share gains in the mid tier storage market this year, driven by the strength of our product portfolio that spans across this market segments. We were also seeing that customers wanted choice across fibre channel, iSCSI and ISP connectivity in the mid and low tier. EMC’s extremely well positioned here with our Clariion CX3 dual protocol systems which offer both fibre channel and iSCSI, with our NS20 and NS40 multi-protocol systems which offer fibre channel iSCSI and NAS and our new AX4 comes in either fibre channel or iSCSI configurations.  Our breadth of choice is paying off here in a number of ways. For example, in Q4 over 50% of our Clariion CX3 unit sales were again dual protocol, fibre channel and iSCSI systems. In addition, our NAS business had a great Q4 headlined by the Celerra NS20 products which had excellent results in its first full quarter of availability. The NS20 is shaping up to be one of the fastest growing products we’ve ever brought to market. This product is making a real impact on the market and is very popular with customers in channel faunas for its ease of use. In fact, a couple weeks ago, I personally installed one in less than 15 minutes.  In addition to strong storage systems growth, there are several important trends that are also driving growth in our information storage software products. Demand for backup and recovery solutions continues to grow and revenues from our [abora] software which includes our Avamar and network of products were up double digits for the quarter and for the year. Additionally, the trend towards backup to disk continues to gain momentum, while backup to tape is declining. A recent survey indicated that the number of customers offloading primary storage to tape will decline from 60-70% today down to 30-35% in 2009.  Other trends in storage include demand for file based commercialization and model based resource management. Our Rainfinity and Smart Software products both grew double digits this year as a result. I’d also like to comment on the progress we’ve made in building out our storage go to market capabilities. As you know, we’ve been putting a lot of focus and investment in our commercial business and I’m pleased to say that our storage product sales to commercial customers hit a $2 billion run rate this quarter and revenues were up 25% this year. It’s great to see our efforts paying off.  In Q4, Dell represented 12.6% of EMC total revenues. Within this total, Dell was about one-third of Clariion revenues and the balance came from a broad mix of EMC’s information storage, content management, security and VM Ware products.  As you’ve seen from our recent announcements, we continue to raise the bar and entered into new storage markets in the first few weeks of 2008. We were the first information storage provider to introduce enterprise class flash drive technology into high end systems in addition to several other new capabilities like virtual provisioning. Our technology innovation and leadership for the high end market continues to outpace our competitors.  We introduced our new Clariion AX4 network storage system. This is a highly flexible and scalable SAN system for small and medium businesses that supports iSCSI or fibre channel SAN and works especially well in VM Ware environments. We entered the consumer storage market with our EMC Lifeline software that we sell through OEM partners. This powerful new storage software is designed for the consumer and server market and helps people centralize all their digital files, photos, videos, music, business records, safely and securely, all in one place.  In October, we acquired Berkeley Data Systems, more commonly known as Mozy, which is an online backup and recovery service for desktops and laptops from remote Windows servers and is very popular with consumers. Last week, we introduced our new Mozy enterprise service designed to help large enterprise customers. We’re very excited about this market growth potential.  EMC has the broadest and most integrated portfolio of information storage products and solutions in the marketplace. Our portfolio now expands across the consumer, mid tier and high end markets and our products are known as the most reliable in the industry and supported by the best service organizations. We will continue to expand our storage portfolio this year, bringing out new products faster than anyone else whilst moving strategically up and down markets.  Turning now to our content management and archiving business, we had strong growth in Q4 and revenues were up 17% over Q4 last year. Within this, license revenues were up 8% and maintenance and professional services revenues were up 25% over Q4 last year. Last quarter, we expressed confidence in our pipeline of business, in enhancements we made to our go to market model and in the overall competitiveness of our D6 product portfolio. These factors, along with our partnerships with several of the leading global systems integrators drove our strong finish to 2007.  For the year, content management and archiving revenues were up 13% over 2006, after a sluggish start, we saw this business accelerate through the end of the year heading into 2008 with good momentum. It continues to be an avalanche of unstructured data being created by businesses across every vertical market and they’re looking for scalable solutions to effectively manage their huge volumes of content. At the same time, customers are looking to improve their business efficiencies, increase productivity and meet compliance and risk mitigation requirements.  EMC is the only content management provider that offers customers a comprehensive unified content management platform to manage all types of content across the enterprise within a common information infrastructure. Our content management and archiving business has the right products and the right partners to achieve continued growth and share gains this year.  Now let me turn to the RSA information security business. Revenues in Q4 were up 30% over last year and up 24% for the full year on a comparable basis. We’ve seen consistent strong results from this business throughout the year. EMC is the only information infrastructure vendor with a dedicated security division and we have an unparalleled breadth of solutions that address many areas of risk across the data center.  Our dedicated focus on information centric security and our ability to provide holistic solutions to risk management are very strong competitive advantages. Information is a top priority to customers and this is driving information security [story] is a top priority for customers and this is driving strong demand for our information discovery and classification services and our identity [surance] data security and security information and event management products.  Over the course of the year, we’ve strengthened our security portfolio through acquisitions and via synergies with EMC products. The addition our RSA business is benefited from EMC’s strong alliance partner network. Looking ahead, we believe the market demand for information centric security solutions will continue to be strong and we’re well positioned for future share gains in the security markets we serve.  An important factor in the success of our EMC information infrastructure business is our services organization which spans across our information storage, content management and RSA security businesses. Just to give you an idea of how important this organization is to our customers, the services revenues grew 19% in 2007 to $3.4 billion. Over 11,000 information infrastructure professionals work in this organization. Approximately half of our information infrastructure services revenue and the fastest growing part is generated by our professional services organization that is helping customers lower their IT costs, meet service levels, protect their information and gain maximum value from the use of our products.  We are seeing demand for our professional services business continue to grow. Several of our recent engagements have been generated by our expertise in compliance, risk assessment and virtualization deployments. We expect these type of projects to be a strong focus for our service organization in the coming year and a strong catalyst for sales of EMC information infrastructure solutions.  With all this demand, we’ve made investments in our integrated service delivery model and made acquisitions to expand our expertise and services capabilities. We are very proud of EMC’s services and believe they’re an important competitive advantage. No one else has the number of people nor the level of expertise to match EMC’s information infrastructure services capabilities.  Looking back at 2007, we achieved solid growth and market share gains in each of our business units. We grew revenues and information storage 10%, [unintelligible] and archiving 13%, RSA security 24%, all clearly faster than the market growth rates and representing share gains in all three businesses. We believe these growth rates and share gains reflect the success of our strategy to deliver solutions sets to a differentiated from both our traditional competitors and from small start ups.  Looking ahead, we expect our core markets to continue to show good growth driven by the explosive growth of information. In 2007, IDC estimated the amount of digital information created was growing at nearly 60% per annum. This growth rate might actually tick up a bit when they provide an update to their projections this quarter. The important point is that this information explosion is driving the need for new technologies and new approaches for customers trying to manage it all and clearly some of the major areas where customers need help are storage, content management and security.  Most of these drivers, we expect the market to readdress to again show good growth in 2008. Taking into account the uncertain economic environment, we currently anticipate growth in information storage of about 5%, content management of about 8% and security of about 16%. Combined, this is a total addressable market growth rate of approximately 7% in 2008.  Given the dedicated focus we have on these markets, the strength of our offerings and the share gains we achieved in 2007, we plan to again outpace the market this year. We expect EMC information infrastructure revenues to grow around 9% to approximately $13 billion this year and we expect EMC information infrastructure non GAAP EPS to grow around 11% to approximately $0.88.  I will now turn to a few highlights of EMC’s consolidated results. Total fourth quarter revenues were a record $3.8 billion, up 19% from Q4 last year and included approximately 320 basis points from currency. Our non GAAP earnings per share were $0.30, up 28% and included $0.04 from VM Ware.  For the full year, EMC consolidated 2007 revenues were a record $13.2 billion, up 19% over 2006 and included approximately 230 basis points from currency. And EMC consolidated non GAAP earnings per share were $0.91, up 26% and included $0.12 from VM Ware. So you can get a sense of the impact of VM Ware, I’ve broken out the VM Ware results as recognized within EMC on the slide as well. As you can see, they had a great quarter and a great 2007.  As VM Ware said last night, they expect revenues to grow approximately 50% in 2008. Within EMC, we expect VM Ware non GAAP earnings per share to grow around 33% to approximately $0.16. The difference in these growth rates is primarily due to the accounting for the minority interest in VM Ware not owned by EMC.  VM Ware virtual infrastructure is having a tremendous impact on the IT marketplace. VM Ware’s growth is being fueled by the rapid expansion of customers using VM Ware’s products and production environments. We are very encouraged that we continue to see VM Ware virtual infrastructure as a key driver for network [story] deployments. In fact, a recent survey estimates the penetration of network storage attached to servers in the enterprise will grow from 48% in 2007 to 77% in 2009, driven in large part by server virtualization. This bodes well for EMC’s business in 2008.  Turning now to a few other consolidated income statement and balance sheet items. I’m pleased to report we had double digit growth in all four of our major geographies, North America, India, APJ and Latin America in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2007. There are a few key factors driving this balanced growth that also position us well for continued success.  First, we’ve focused this year on investing our worldwide presence. We now do business in over 50 countries and revenue from our international operations was up 23% in the fourth quarter and up 22% for the full year. Within this, I’d like to note the revenues from out higher growth countries were at $1 billion run rate in Q4. We defined our high growth countries as the four traditional BRIC countries plus another 13 emerging countries where we have a fast growing presence.  These 13 countries are in Southeast Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe and the Middle East and Africa. We’ve established centers of excellence in Russia, China, India and Israel. These centers both expand our local presence and help us leverage the intellectual capital and economics available within these regions. We are excited about EMC’s future opportunities in these emerging markets and we are only just starting to recognize the return for the investments we are making.  Secondly, we continue to expand our go to market model. In addition to our extremely strong [unintelligible] sales force, we’ve focused in the last 12 months on strengthening our channel relationships and our velocity channel partner program is stronger than ever. And it’s great to see we’ve been recognized for our efforts. We were ranked number one [unintelligible] businesses 2007 annual report card survey for network storage and storage management software. And in November we were named CDW’s partner of the year.  And third, we’ve expanded and strengthened our strategic partnerships and alliances. Partner with the top global systems integrators and outsourcers, such as EDS [Excensia] and [We Pro] and see tremendous opportunity to leverage these relationships with customers around the world, including the emerging markets.  While investing in our worldwide footprint, expanding our sales distribution and strengthening our strategic partnerships, we’ve built a strong foundation for continued success in 2008.  Now turning to a few balance sheet metrics of cash flow results. EMC consolidated cash flow from operating activities in Q4 was up 50% from Q4 last year and for the full year it was up 46%, both excellent results. A few balance sheet metrics that impacted Q4 operating cash flow include inventory churns which were 7.7, up from 7.0 in Q4 last year and DSOs which were 55 days up 1 day from Q3 mainly due to VM Ware. We continue to focus on driving DSOs closer to 50 days.  I am very happy to say we are reporting excellent consolidated free cash flow results for the quarter and for the year. Consolidated Q4 free cash flow was $712 million, up 78% from Q4 last year and for the full year, EMC consolidated free cash flow was approximately $2.2 billion, up 79%. We are very pleased with these strong cash flow results.  An important way we return value to shareholders is through our use of cash. In Q4, we spent $351 million to repurchased approximately 16 million shares. For the year 2007, we returned a total of $1.45 billion to shareholders by repurchasing 89 million shares. In Q1 ’08, we plan to deploy $550 million towards our share repurchase, consistent with what we told you in October and looking ahead, our Board is currently considering an increase in our repurchase authorization.  In Q4, we spent $183 million on acquisitions across our four business units and for the year we spent $692 million on acquisitions. Acquisitions helped EMC in several and important ways. They extend the reach of our business with new products and put us into adjacent markets. They improve the value of our technology platforms for customers and they strengthen our competitive edge. In 2008 we’ll continue to focus on smaller tuck in acquisitions.  We ended 2007 with cash and investments of approximately $8 billion. $3.9 billion of this is held in our overseas operations and in VM Ware. Our investment portfolio is in good shape and managed conservatively. We have no collateralized debt obligations, no collateralized loan obligations and no structured investment vehicles in our investment portfolio.  Now just a few other items I’d like to mention that impacted our consolidated income statement that you’ll want to keep in mind in your models. In Q4, our consolidated GAAP tax rate was 13.2% and for year it was 18.4%. For the year excluding onetime items, our tax rate was 19.4%. Over the course of the year, we made enhancements to our international tax structure and improved the profitability of our international operations.  These improvements caused our actual 2007 tax rate to come in lower than our earlier projections of approximately 22%. In 2008, we expect the EMC consolidated GAAP tax rate to be around 20% and the non GAAP tax rate to be around 22%.  The next two items are very important and are not factored in to most of the models that we have seen. EMC consolidated stock based compensation expense for 2007 was $0.13 a share. In 2008, we expect this to be $0.18 a share, an increase of $0.05 on the year. The majority of this is due to VM Ware. Amortization of intangibles for 2007 was $0.06 per share. In 2008, we expect this to be $0.08, an increase of $0.02 year on year. The majority of this increase is due to timing of amortization for RSA intangibles.  And finally this quarter, we took a pretax restructuring and IP R&D charge of $35 million. Approximately $22 million of this was for an increase in the severance expense associated with our Q4 ’06 One EMC plan. This restructuring is almost complete with just a small piece of finalizing Q1. And the remainder of the charge is rebalancing actions that are underway and will be completed in early 2008.  In summary, our consolidated EMC performance in 2007 was very solid and we’re very pleased with our company’s accomplishments this year. Now I will finish my remarks with some more comments about our expectations for 2008, this time on a consolidated basis.  As one of the most trusted technology partners in IT, we believe EMC is well positioned for continued success. We expect consolidated EMC revenues to be approximately $15 billion and our non GAAP earnings per share to be approximately $1.04. There are a number of reasons why we’ll continue to be successful this year and beyond. We are aligned with a key IT trends and priorities. Our business is focused on the right growth markets. We’re successfully expanding our presence with commercial customers and in high growth countries. We’re entering some important large Greenfield markets. Our product portfolio is stronger than it’s ever been and we’re focused on driving efficiencies across the business.  When you add all this together, we have a very strong and diversified business model. The model gives us advantages in the marketplace where our traditional competitors do not have the focus and expertise and startups do not have the scale. Our operational game plan is very much in place and our goal is to continue to gain share and deliver solid results in 2008. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Joe. 
Joe Tucci: Thank you David, I would like to add my welcome and thanks to all of you who have joined today’s conference call. I am very pleased with EMC’s execution and performance in Q4 and throughout 2007. We said coming into the year that we would make 2007 our breakout year and I believe it was in several dimensions.  Let me take a quick look at the four key initiatives that underpinned our success. First and foremost was our laser focus on exceeding the goals which we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year. We achieved full year’s revenues of $13.23 billion against a goal of $12.75 billion. Excluding the onetime gain on the sale of VM Ware shares to CISCO, we achieved adjusted GAAP earnings per share of $0.72 against a goal of $0.64 and we achieved free cash flow per share of $1.02 against a goal of $0.71 for the year.  Very importantly, these results were delivered very consistently, quarter upon quarter, demonstrating the robustness and power of our business model and strategy. Second, we organized ourselves into four business units, storage, content management and security which collectively executed on our information infrastructure strategy and VM Ware which executes on its virtual infrastructure strategy. We’ve made it easier for both the customers and investors to understand our strategy and distinctive value.  Third, in the middle of the year, we will launch the very successful initial public offering of VM Ware. This IPO clearly met its key goals of unlocking shareholder value and putting a brighter spotlight on VM Ware and the power of its virtual infrastructure strategy.  And last, we launched our One EMC initiative. A One EMC business model interlocked our storage, content management and security business units to help create rich information based solutions for our customers. Synergy made EMC easier to do business with and helped drive our top line. Our One EMC business model also provided for shared services and support that provided leverage to the bottom line.  Obviously these accomplishments would not have happened without the commitment and sacrifices of all the people in EMC and VM Ware that they made throughout 2007. I would like to publicly thank them for everything they did to make sure our customer’s experience was second to none.  Now turning to 2008. The economic environment will for sure be more challenging and more uncertain than it was in 2007. Forecasts do point to global growth both in GDP terms and IT spending, so there will be opportunities for EMC to grow. But as I look at 2008, I truly believe EMC has never been better positioned. We have the best product line in our history and a very favorable product cycle. Our proven go to market model is firmly in place and we have plans to hone it even more.  Perhaps most important, EMC is well positioned in areas where IT spending will grow the fastest this year. CIO survey after CIO survey point out that virtualization, storage, security and risk management, business continuity, compliance and energy efficiency are top ten spending priorities. And again, this is where EMC is positioned and focused.  So let’s dissect the statement I just made. EMC has never been better positioned. And in doing so I would like to answer a question that I have been asked quite a bit lately, it goes something like this: assuming there is a downturn this year, why is EMC better positioned now than it was back in the 2001-2002 downturn? Now the answer is it’s night versus day.  Looking back to 1999 and 2000, a significant portion of our revenues came from dot-com’s, new wave tel-co’s, e-business ventures, et cetera. When the ’01-’02 downturn took place, almost all of these companies stopped buying from us. In fact, a fairly large percentage disappeared altogether and much of this equipment came back in the market.  In ’01-’02, we were still primarily only a high end storage company. We sold a vast majority of our products in large developed countries. Our pricing strategy was to price at a significant premium and with the downturn our ability to premium price was diminished. To cap things up, our flagship product, the Symmetrix [five bup five] was at the end of its product cycle and help was quite a ways off.  Fast forward to today, EMC in 2007. Let’s start with a look at our storage lineup and strategy which is in the midst of the strongest product cycle EMC has ever had. The new DMX4 began shipping four and a half months ago and is going strong. Two weeks ago we announced the most comprehensive virtual provisioning capabilities in the market. This will take [fin] provisioning to new heights. We also have announced flash drives and new software to utilize them properly. I truly believe flash drive technology will revolutionize the storage array industry over the next several years. EMC was first here and we will lead this charge.  CX3 is the most widely deployed mid tier platform in the world and a new innovative software we announced last July continues to provide strong market [menum]. We just launched our new dual protocol low end array DX4, it’s off to a very strong start and we will set the bar in the iSCSI storage market segment this year.  I recently announced a unified storage product family that supports fibre channel SAN, iSCSI and NAS, the NS20 and NS40 is just plain white hot. Q4 market second quarter in a row that we just sold out. Look for us to extend this line up this year.  I recently announced Centera gen 4, features lower storage costs and reduces power consumption by 67%. The new Centera clearly helps customers meet their needs for archiving their important information securely and cost effectively with quick access. 2008 will mark EMC’s entry into the rapidly growing web 2.0 storage market. In fact we have already GA’d an all new hardware system which has been shipped to a limited set of customers. Look for us to launch a new OS for this system later this year and we will make a more of an expenses flash at that time.  Finally, we announced at the recent consumer electronics show our first storage software solution called lifeline for the consumer soho markets. First two partners here are I-Omega and Intel. I think you will agree we have a very strong storage lineup in 2008, a very sharp contrast against 2001.  Now turning to our content management archiving business unit which we didn’t even have in 2001-2002, here too we have a strong product lineup and a very favorable product cycle going for us. Big news in 2008 in our content management business is the integration of document input management with business process management with document output management. This will uniquely position EMC to handle a full life cycle interaction of information for our customers and their customers.  On the input side, we are moving our solutions from high volume scanning to multi function capture. Multi function capture supports capture via scanning, via faxing and from electronic forms. This input is then processed by our new solar based documentum 6 or D6 platform as its better known, which has had very strong and a very broad market acceptance. The robust D6 platform supports transactional workloads, supports the knowledge worker via the web, supports interactive customer experiences like rich media and assures compliance.  Finally, the pending acquisition of Document Science will mark our entry into the multi channel document output management. In other words, we will manage and personalize the output to print, to the web, to self service portals or to email. Secret source here for our success is both the depth and completeness of our content management solutions.  In our RSA security business, again another new business segment since 2002, we also have a strong 2008 product lineup and cycle going for us. In 2008 we will launch the next generation of our authentication platform. We will continue our focus on securing the information itself through additional encryption solutions and a robust centralized key management platform. We will launch our data or loss prevention solution based on technology we obtained from our Tablus acquisition. We will continue to help our customers prove compliance with our extremely successful envision products suite.  You’ll hear more about the 2008 RSA products and plans at the RSA conference in San Francisco on April 7-11. The RSA conference is the industry information security conference and this year over 18,000 people are expected to attend. There will be more than 220 sessions and over 350 exhibits.  But the real power of EMC’s information infrastructure comes to life when we blend these best of breed products from across our business units into solutions for our customers. Our virtual infrastructure strategy called for storing the vast amounts of information that enterprises of all sizes generate everyday on a proper tier of storage, extremely reliably and very economically.  Once this information is properly stored, we apply software technology to assure that this information is always available, to assure the information itself and the access to that information is secure, to assure compliance when the information is archived, organize and manage unstructured information so it becomes a true asset, help customers manage and get maximum utilization from our IT resources by applying a range of virtualization and resource management technologies.  Also, key to our information infrastructure strategy is a broad set of services that helps our customers design, implement, manage and support their information infrastructure. These solutions are delivered by our over 1,100 people service organization, by our all important partners who are the world’s leading service, systems integration and outsourcing companies.  And now I want to add some comments on our global go to market initiatives as well as some of our other new avenues of opportunity for EMC in 2008 and beyond. As David said, during 2007 we continued to build out our centers of excellence around the world. Centers now exist in India, China, Russia and Israel. In Q4 we opened up an integration center for Southeast Asia and Singapore. We made these investments not only to draw upon the talent that exists in these regions but also to be closer to our customers in multiple ways in those fast growing parts of the world.  2007, our BRIC plus 13 companies represented nearly $1 billion of revenue for us. Both the markets and EMC’s growth rates here are strong and while we are pleased with the results of the investments we have made to date, we believe these markets represent an exceptional opportunity for us. We are investing in sales and services resources to capture it.  As we look further into 2008, we are also well positioned, we see our several Greenfield opportunities for EMC. The SMB is the fastest growing segment of the information infrastructure market, we are now focused on it and we have new products which address the needs of customers in that segment of the market. We will get to these customers ourselves and with our channel partners. Our partner ecosystem is strong and getting stronger every day.  The web 2.0 space is rapidly expanding and again we have new products to meet the opportunity. We have the sales teams in place and thus we have the ability to get into another significant information infrastructure market where we have not played in the past. Additionally, the introduction of our new consumer focus products such as lifeline and our SAS offering Mozy, we are building the ability to get to the consumer and soho markets. These are also fast growing and large markets and we have not been part of our opportunity profile in the past.  Any way you cut it, you can see we have many existing and new products and ways to attack the market in 2008 and we are well positioned and focused on success. To demonstrate our focus and commitment to success in 2008, I would like to share with you the financial goals that the EMC Board of Directors approved for EMC management this year.  Our revenue plan is to achieve $15 billion in sales and our non GAAP EPS is $1.04. The Board plans to add a free cash flow per share metric at an upcoming meeting and these three goals will be published in our proxy filings this March. With that, I would like to turn it over to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today’s call. Tony. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Joe. Before we open up the line to questions, as usual, we ask you to try and limit yourselves to one question and that includes clarification. That will enable us to take as many questions as possible. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Julie, can we open up the lines for questions please? 
Operator: Thank you, at this time if you would like to ask a question, please press star then one on your touchtone phone. Please un-mute your phone and record your name clearly when prompted. Again, press star one if you have a question. Our first question comes from Brent Bracelin, Pacific Crest, your line is open. 
Brent Bracelin – Pacific Crest: Thank you, Joe, really wanted to ask first question around, Dell obviously, you had a very strong quarter but the Dell contribution did decline sequentially for the first time during what is seasonally a strong quarter and was flat year over year. Why did you see the Dell contribution trend down and how should we think about that Dell contribution in 2008? 
Joe Tucci: Brent, the real guts of the partnership we have with Dell, which we’ve extended and is a very important partnership through 2011 is based on the Clariion product family. And as you can see that was still approximately one-third of our revenue. We did consciously and Dell consciously, there are some other products that Dell used to sell where their margin profiles were lower and as they change their business model they would say less emphasis on products like Symmetrix, so in the core areas that we’re partnering on, we’re still very pleased and it’s still a very strategic relationship for us. 
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Bachman, Bank of Montreal, your line is open. 
Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Hi guys, thank you, Joe I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the cadence of orders relative to the macro backdrop and how you see the pipeline against traditional seasonal trends in the March quarter. Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: Keith, let me do it this way, I mean obviously we are stating in several different ways that this market is more uncertain. We’re being very clear that we think there absolutely is going to be IT spending growth in 2008, however it will be a couple points less we believe right now than it was in 2007. Today we haven’t seen much negativity happen in the market but obviously I think it’s prudent upon us to be cautious and it was some caution in our guidance and as we gave the guidance we’re factoring all the strength that we have in the underlying company and the relative unknown in the market and doing the best we can to give you a [unintelligible] but you know today we have not seen much on a downside to tell you the truth but again as we go forward I think being cautious is the order of the day. 
Operator: We have a question from Paul Mansky, Citigroup, your line is open. 
Paul Mansky – Citigroup: Hey Joe, thanks for taking my question, I guess, within the context of your market share gain statements, relative to some of your larger competitors, and I know we could potentially put Dell in that category down at the lower end of the market, but I’m more specifically thinking HP, IBM, Sun, some of the legacy guys, they collectively retrenched around the bubble, they kind of took a step back from the storage market, but we very much see them looking to regain some of their IP content here recently [viak] was issuing internal development. How do you see that competitive dynamic shaking out over the course of the upcoming year? Do you see some competitors dropping off, others picking back up, just any type of color you could relate for us would be appreciative. 
Joe Tucci: The investments here are immense, we’ve got tremendous benefit from what we call our One EMC initiative and ask you can see I think we did what we should do. Number one is we delivered upside throughout the year and number two we invested a lot of that upside back into the business and I believe the game and storage business is going to be, you know it’s a very high investment area and one where, I mean customers don’t want to buy separate systems for [din] provisioning or de-duplication or spin down or a lot of these other techniques that are very important.  So what we’re doing is we’re taking all those and building them into our core products, every one of those capabilities. And the good news is everyone is either here now or will be here shortly and available for 2008. So mostly what’s happening is you’re seeing one offs being bought and we’re developing some special products too [light] for the web 2.0, I just alluded to and for lifeline for the consumer. But most of what we’re doing for our core market is building all those capabilities in. So I still like the shape we’re in.  Obviously it’s a big market, it’s got growth rates above the IT industry average and you’re going to get some competition and we’ve always had competition but you know we have the size, we’re going for $15 billion this year, we have the 11,000 service people, we’ve got 9,000 people in our selling and customer facing organization on that side. So we’ve got a strong position and we’re going to continue to strengthen it. We’ve got the balance sheet to do that both organically and through acquisitions and that’s where we’re going to play it. So yeah it’s more competition but it’s the same competitors we’ve always had. 
Operator: We have a question from Shebly Seyrafi, Caris, your line is open. 
Shebly Seyrafi – Caris: Yes, thank you very much, so I noticed that in your seasonally strong calendar Q4 where you were up 16% sequentially in revenue, that your gross margin was basically flat on a percentage basis sequentially and that’s abnormal and usually you’re up close to 1% point sequentially, I’m wondering what happened and what you expect to achieve with your gross margin longer term as VM Ware and other software increases as a percentage of the mix, do you have any kind of targets over the next year or two? Thanks. 
David Goulden: Yeah, Shebly let me take this one. We’re not going to give you gross margin targets, I think you can see that we’ve factored some offering leverage into the guidance which we gave you for 2008, particularly for the EMC infrastructure business. But to answer the first part of your question, let me just kind of give you a flavor for what’s happening in gross margins and I think your comment was really to do with the gross margins for the EMC infrastructure business.  What we saw happening sequentially, first of all we pointed out to you the investments that we made in the SG&A line, normally you’d expect leverage in the SG&A line in Q4 as well and we’ve invested out back into the business in the areas which I spoke about. On gross margins what is happening is a couple of phenomenas inside EMC infrastructure. The first is that product margins are improving and product margin improved sequentially and they improved year on year. And what you’re seeing that as our professional services becomes a bigger piece of our services margin that has a slight headwind effect on services margins. So the increase in product margins was slightly offset by reduction in services margins both sequentially and year on year. 
Operator: We have a question from David Bailey, Goldman Sachs, your line is open. 
David Bailey – Goldman Sachs: Yes, thank you very much and good morning. Could you just give us a little more detail about where you expect to gain share, particularly in what areas and how much acquisitions will contribute to the 9% top line growth in your core business? 
Joe Tucci: I guess you got two separate questions I think. You know most of the growth we had this year, we did a number of small acquisitions, none of which had any significant revenue profile to it in 2007 so the vast majority of what we did in 2007 was organic, so not sure how to answer that going forward. I mean what we put forward is the organic we do expect obviously to be a few tuck in acquisitions in there that won’t again like we did last year.  In the first part, the areas of growth are pretty much the ones that we talked about. I mean on the new side, the SMB market is, we don’t have much share there at all, so everything we do there is going to be upside growth. The web 2.0 market we don’t have much share there at all, anything we do there will be all upside. In the BRIC countries, we talked about, we had good growth significantly above the EMC average but we know we can and will do better and that’s going to provide upside in the BRIC plus 13 countries.  In the storage and software as a service, that’s kind of a startup business for us, that’ll come on and add growth then of course our traditional markets where customers are worried about business continuity and customers are worried about and want to save money by consolidation. I mean those are all strong markets for us and we’ve been nothing short of killing it in the commercial marketplace. So I think that kind of hits upon the broad areas you mentioned. 
Operator: We have a question from Bill Shope, J.P. Morgan, your line is open. 
Bill Shope – J.P. Morgan: Okay thanks, Joe in the past you’ve talked about the differing expectations for the high end storage systems business versus the mid range and lower end storage systems business. Obviously this quarter we saw some convergence, you know clearly I’m assuming is temporary from the product cycle but can you give us an update on how you think about that dynamic, the relative growth differential between those two? 
Joe Tucci: Yeah I think, Bill we’ve been pretty consistent in saying that we think the high end storage market is a mid single digit grower, lower to mid single digit grower. Obviously that gets affected very much by product cycles. We’re at the end of a product cycle, it might slow down and you get a new product cycle as you saw here, it sped up and I think that’s going to continue. You know the one nuance is that as you scale out these systems with the now thousands of drives that you can put in them and now with the new ability to put our unique ability to put [satir] drives inside a Symmetrix and adjust quality of service.  So that means as we put an archive layer or drives in a [Symmetr] we can make sure that we don’t let that kind of workload deteriorate the performance from an online transaction processing workload. So as we put those capabilities in, it actually becomes a pretty inexpensive way of adding another tier of storage. So that could give it some revival but with that caveat we still expect it to be a mid single digit grower and a business that has got great cash flow and one we have a great position in. 
Bill Shope – J.P. Morgan: And on the mid range? 
Joe Tucci: The mid range I think is going to continue to be a double digit grower for us and as I said, we are a strong believer that certainly in the mid range and in the low end that the multi protocol systems are going to dominate. We have a tremendous success because in these systems you buy the system and then as the customers workload changes and grows they can use iSCSI SAN, they can use the fibre channel SAN technology or they can use a network attached [safer] for file and print work.  And to be able to do that and have that kind of flexibility is a tremendous advantage. So between those multi protocol systems and the dual protocol systems which are fibre channel and iSCSI, our systems I think have great legs on them to continue to grow in that mid teens range. 
Operator: We have a question from Kaushik Roy, Pacific Growth, your line is open. 
Kaushik Roy – Pacific Growth: Congratulations on a great Q4. I understand you’re not giving Q1 guidance but can you comment how much of your yearly revenue typically comes from Q1. Last year I think you mentioned it was about 23%, so do you expect similar in 2008? Historically EMC Q1 revenues have been down 5-6% sequentially so do you expect similar in Q1. And then second, within your full year revenue guidance are you including any impact of currency, if so, how much? 
Joe Tucci: At the risk of getting punched by David, I’ll broadly state that I wouldn’t expect our calendarization this year to be much different than it was last year. David do you want to comment on the currency? 
David Goulden: We really haven’t factored in currencies, it’s very difficult to predict and we don’t make explicit assumptions about what’s happening with currency in our guidance. 
Operator: We have a question from Chris Whitmore, Deutsche Bank, your line is open. 
Chris Whitmore – Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much, wanted to come back to the gross margin issue and the overall pricing environment. Given the ramp of DMX and the mix of software, I would have expected a little bit more margin leverage on the gross margin line, was there a change in pricing during the quarter or the competitive environment? Thanks. 
David Goulden: Chris, no we look at that as we mentioned to you before we kind of look at what’s happened to pricing in both the high end and the mid tier separately. I’d tell you the pricing declines were seasonally normal in Q4, so that was not a factor. 
Operator: Next question is from Katie Huberty or Morgan Stanley. 
Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley: Yes, thanks, does the plan to continue reinvesting upside into the sales and distribution initiatives that you mentioned such that SG&A as a percentage of revenues may not fall as much as some expected given the One EMC initiative? 
David Goulden: Katie, let me take that, I mean certainly we absolutely produced leverage in the business last year in EMC information infrastructure and the One EMC program helped. But we also delivered above market growth rates and we’re entering into new markets. So what we’re doing is taking the opportunity to invest the leverage we are generating in the business back in expanding the business both in a geographic point of view into new markets and into the commercial and SMB segments.  So we are taking advantage to take leverage that we have built, put it back into the business and generate above market growth and that’s been our approach as we’ve gone through the year. 
Katie Huberty – Morgan Stanley: And that continues in ’08? 
David Goulden: Yeah, you should expect that to continue, we’ve talked about entry into new markets and we’ve given you guidance which would indicate that we continue to have market share gains, so yes. 
Operator: Next question is from Brian Freed from Morgan, Keegan. 
Brian Freed – Morgan, Keegan: Hey guys, good quarter, as you look to your ’08 guidance, I mean the headline reaction is you guided lower than the street on a GAAP basis and I understand that it’s primarily related to higher non cash expenses than most of us on the street were expecting. Can you talk a little bit more about the factors and assumptions that are driven those higher non cash expenses from your part? 
David Goulden: Certainly Brian, let me take that, you’re absolutely right, when we looked at most of the street models and as you would expect this too we kind of looked at everybody’s model before the call and most people were probably about $0.10 light on the amount of stock based compensation and intangibles compared to what we’ve guided at. And then of course most people didn’t have the lower tax rate which would have brought you up by about $0.04, so probably if you kind of took people’s guidance and you normalized it, there’s about a $0.06 difference, so we actually probably did better in guidance than you were expecting to us on a normalized basis.  Let me kind of talk to you about the pieces, why stock based compensation and intangibles are higher and I don’t think why people haven’t factored it in. I mentioned the intangibles, there’s going to be an increase this year in $0.02 on the acquisition intangibles and that’s basically due to the timing of the amortization of the RSA intangibles. Simply it’ll be a higher number in 2008 than it was in 2007, so that’s a couple cents of a difference.  The other area where people I think did not have this factored in because the numbers just weren’t clear is stock based compensation. We said stock based compensation would go up by $0.05 a share this year and basically $0.03 was due to VM Ware. Of course the options we issued during the IPO and subsequently throughout the year have become a fairly large expense, non cash expense in 2008. And then on the EMC side, there’s a couple of pennies a share increase in stock based compensation principally due to two factors.  One is that we were issuing options at the end of 2007 at $19.11 a share, those would be options we issued in 2006 at $9.75 a share and also in 2006 we did not have a senior management team basically, senior vice presidents and above in the grants and we did in 2007. So those are all the factors and hopefully they’ll help you normalize your models. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Fearnley of Ftn Midwest. 
Bill Fearnley – Ftn Midwest: Yes, good morning, could you guys give additional color, Joe you talked a lot about going after the SMB market more and more, what’s the overall effect on SG&A, gross margin, operating margin as you go into these lower markets. Is the margin profile better or worse than the core? Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: We actually think the gross margin profile is going to be better. Or I shouldn’t say it that way, we actually think the operating margin profile will be better. Probably what you’ll see is we’ll use gross margins might be a tick lower because we’re going to use more channels, sales to attack that market, more inside sales to attack that market. And on the other side the operating margin should actually be a little bit higher. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Bill, we have time for one more question and then Joe will have a few concluding comments. 
Operator: The next question is from Tom Curlin of RBC. 
Tom Curlin – RBC: Hi, good morning, as we approach actually calendar 2009 and the more I guess beneficial tax treatment of VM Ware. How are you going to weight strategic factors versus financial and valuation factors in deciding what to do with your interest in VM Ware in terms of keeping it versus spinning it out and can you just elaborate on what degree or specifics in terms of strategic versus valuation side. 
Joe Tucci: Tom, I’m not going to get in those specifics now, I mean a couple of points though. First and most importantly, both EMC and VM Ware are performing very well and that is the first and most important thing for us all because that builds long term shareholder value. As we’ve said before, VM Ware has only been a public company for two quarters and we are very pleased with the performance, our asset mix has no plans to distribute at this time. But I assure you, management and the Board is focused on doing what will create maximum shareholder value for both sets of shareholders over the longer term. I know I’m not answering your specific question but that’s all I want to comment on that now. Thank you Tom.  Well let me thank everyone for your interest in calling in today for our conference. I really do appreciate it. We are clearly focused on success in 2008. I believe we have a great set of products and our strategy is resonating well with customers and very importantly we have momentum. If you walk around the halls of EMC, there’s a winning attitude. I believe we have a first rate management team and we are very fortunate to have 37,000 very talented people throughout the world committed to our success this year. So I can’t help but obviously we’re facing uncertain economic times but EMC itself couldn’t be better positioned. And again thank you for your interest today. Bye-bye. 
Operator: That concludes today’s conference, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa - Vice President, Global Investor Relations Joe Tucci - EMC Chairman, President and Chief ExecutiveOfficer David Goulden - Executive Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - Wachovia Capital Markets Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs Shebly Seyrafi - Caris Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities Paul Mansky - Citigroup Clay Sumner - FBR
Operator: Welcome to the EMC Conference Call and thank you forstanding by. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode (OperatorInstructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have anyobjections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa, VicePresident, Global Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Tony Takazawa: Good morning to everyone. Welcome to EMC's call to discussour financial results for the third quarter of 2007. Today, we are joined byJoe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO and David Goulden, EMC Executive VicePresident and CFO. David will start things off by walking you through EMC'sactivities and financial results for the quarter. Joe will then spend some timediscussing his market outlook, EMC's execution of the strategy and the progresswe are making toward our annual goals. After the prepared remarks, we will thenopen up the lines to take your questions. Today, we will be providing you with new financial schedulesand disclosures. Our slides contain important information that is necessary tounderstand our results and this new disclosure. I highly recommend that youview these slides in conjunction with the audio portion of the call. The slidesare also available for downloading on EMC's website at emc.com. An archive ofthe audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call. As always, the call this morning will containforward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could causeactual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securitiesand Exchange Commission. In addition, we will be discussing EMC's results on both aGAAP and non-GAAP basis. There are schedules in today's press release thatreconcile our non-GAAP comments to our GAAP financials. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden.David?
David Goulden: Tony, thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joiningus today. We are very pleased with our Q3 operational and financial results. Wedemonstrated crisp execution, delivered strong performance in a number of areasand continue to make great progress towards our goals for the year. On today's call, I will talk about EMC's consolidatedperformance and then spend some time discussing EMC's informationinfrastructure results. EMC information infrastructure is our storage, contentmanagement and security businesses or said another way, everything exceptVMware. I am sure you have all seen VMware's earnings report from last night.So, I'm not going to repeat anything that was covered, but I will make somecomments about VMware's financial results within EMC. As Tony mentioned, we have made some changes to ourfinancial presentation and we've provided new supplementary schedules withtoday's press release. Now turning to the numbers. Q3 consolidated revenues were$3.3 billion, up 17% from Q3 last year and included approximately 200 basispoints from currency. GAAP earnings per share were $0.23. Excluding the gain werealized in the quarter, primarily from EMC's sale of VMware stock to Cisco,earnings per share were $0.17, up 31% over Q3 last year and free cash flow was$475 million, up 124% from Q3 last year. I will now walk you through the consolidated revenue resultsin more detail, starting with our corporate revenue mix. Q3 systems revenueswere up 9% year-on-year driven by strong growth in our midrange products. Year-to-date, systems revenues were up 11%. Q3 storagerevenues were up 25% year-on-year driven primarily by VMware, RSA Security andcontent management. Year-to-date software revenues were up 27%, and Q3 servicesrevenues were up 25% year-on-year driven by strong performance in all of ourbusiness units. Year-to-date, services revenues were up 21%. Now turning to revenue by geography, revenues from NorthAmerica grew 15% over Q3 last year and we continue to experience strong growthin our commercial business. Year-to-date, North American revenues grew 17%.EMEA revenues were up 23% over Q3 last year and this region had another strongquarter in midrange systems. Year-to-date, EMEA revenues were up 20%. APJ had another good quarter with Q3 revenues of 18% overlast year driven largely by CLARiiON, which had very solid growth ofapproximately 40%. Year-to-date, APJ revenues up 26% over 2006 demonstratinggreat performance in this important region. Finally, Latin America revenues were up 6% over Q3 last yearand up 6% year-to-date. We are pleased with the revenue results of our majorgeographies and we remain focused on expanding our international footprint andincreasing our worldwide market presence. Next, I’d like to cover the revenue results from each of ourfour business segments, information storage, content management and archiving,RSA information security and VMware. These segments represent the major marketswe focus on within IT and the solution sets we bring to customers. First, let'stake a look at our information storage business. Total revenues for Q3 were $2.6 billion, up 8% over a strongQ3 last year. Year-to-date, information storage revenues are up 9% over lastyear. In July, we had one of the most significant rollouts of new products inthe history of our information storage business. These new systems and softwarecapabilities span from the entry level to the high end and will help EMCfurther extend our lead in all of the storage markets we serve. During the quarter, we introduced the DMX-4 and beganshipping in August. This is the next generation Symmetrix with built-ininformation security along with significant performance gains and even betterease of management and energy efficiency. The DMX-4 is the highest performing, most cost effective,secure, energy-efficient and easy to use high-end array on the market today. Wemet our internal goals for the DMX-4 transition this quarter and we are pleasedwith the positive response we are seeing from customers. For Q3, Symmetrixrevenues were down 3% year-on-year against, as you will recall, a very toughcompare. Year-to-date, Symmetrix revenues are approximately flat. We had another good quarter in our midrange business withCLARiiON revenues up 18% over Q3 last year. Year-to-date, CLARiiON is up over20% over last year. We are seeing good growth in the adoption of iSCSI. Over50% of our CX3 units in the quarter were dual protocol, i.e. Fibre Channel andiSCSI systems. We are also seeing very strong demand for our Celerra NS20platform. This is our new, entry level, multiprotocol, mass Fibre Channel andiSCSI array, which is also a powerful, yet easy to deploy, tiered storagesystem. Smarts, Rainfinity and RecoverPoint all had strong double-digit growththis quarter and we also had double-digit growth in our backup and recoverysoftware business led by our Avamar de-duplication technology. Additionally, backup to disk library revenues were up over40% year-over-year. We continue to drive deeper integration of our acquiredtechnologies across our products to provide solutions that no one else offers. And this quarter, we introduced important new products toour backup and recovery portfolio. In September, we launched EMC Avamar VirtualEdition, which enables customers to deploy Avamar's data de-duplicationtechnology easily and effectively in VMware VSX environments. And last week, we introduced our next-generation backup andrecovery network of products. This release integrates our Avamar de-duplicationand RecoverPoint continuous data protection technologies into the NetWorkerplatform providing customers with industry leading, next-generationcapabilities for backup and recovery. Information and storage services grew 13% over Q2 last yeardriven primarily by professional services. Our expanding professional servicesportfolio is enabling us to work in more ways with customers, and Dellrepresented 15.8% of EMC's total revenue this quarter. Within this total, Dellwas around 35% of CLARiiON revenues and the balance came from a broad mix ofEMC's information and storage, content management, security and VMwareproducts. In summary, Q3 was a very solid growth, very solid quarterin storage for EMC with revenues up 4% sequentially and 9% year-to-date. Thedemand for the differentiated products and services we offer gives usconfidence we are well positioned for continued growth and share gains instorage this year. Now turning to our content management and archive softwarebusiness. Total revenues were $189 million, up 27% over last year.Year-to-date, total revenues for this business are up 11% over last year. Q3 license revenues were up 34% over last year and are up15% over Q2 of '07 reflecting a nice bounce back. Maintenance and professionalservices revenues were up 20% year-on-year. Last quarter, I told you there were some key factors thatgave us confidence in our CMA business heading into the second half of theyear, including a strong pipeline of business, better market enhancements andstrengthening of our partnerships with several of the leading global systemsintegrators and confidence in the competitiveness of our product portfolio andour technology leadership in CMA, particularly with the launch of ournext-generation Documentum D6 platform in July, which we believe raises the barfor content management and archiving solutions. We’re pleased to see that thesefocused efforts paid off in our results in Q3. And looking ahead, we see increasing demand for completecapture through archiving solutions and we remain confident that we are wellpositioned to post solid results in our CMA business this year. Now, let me turn to the RSA information security business.Revenues in Q3 were $133 million, up 22% on a comparable basis over Q3 lastyear. Year-to-date, security revenues are up 23% on a comparable basis,validating the strategic focus of this business and demonstrating solidexecution and share gains. Trends in the marketplace continue to turn fromperimeter-based security to information-centric security, driving demand forour RSA Security, access control and data protection products. Compliance, particularly around the payment card industry'sdata security standards and security information management continue to be themajor growth drivers and the acquisition of Tablus to our security portfolioadds important data leakage protection capabilities, which protects data atrest and complements our encryption and key management technology. We believe there is no other company that offers as completea suite of best-of-breed products focused on securing the information itself.Combined with our professional service offerings for risk assessment andsecurity systems architecture, RSA solutions are covering the full spectrum ofthe security industry's most important growth areas. In summary, we are pleased with the revenue results from ourinformation infrastructure business units this quarter. We continue to believewe’re focused on the right markets and have the best solutions to helpcustomers address their most critical information management priorities. Now turning to VMware. Clearly, one of the highlights of thequarter was the very successful partial IPO of VMware, which achieved our goalsof exposing VMware's value to the marketplace, improving VMware's ability toattract and retain employees and reinforcing our commitment to VMware'sopenness. VMware had another quarter of record revenues with both Q3and year-to-date revenues up approximately 90% over last year. This stronggrowth reflects the tremendous impact that VMware virtual infrastructure ishaving on the marketplace. We’re also very encouraged that we continue to see VMwarevirtual infrastructure as a key-driver for network storage deployments. Turning to VMware's reported results, let's talk about howthey contribute to EMC's consolidated results. For Q3, last night, VMwarereported revenues of $358 million and GAAP net income of $65 million. WithinEMC's consolidated numbers, these results are adjusted for audit reconciliation’sand the minority interest of VMware not held by EMC. On this basis, VMware's results within EMC were revenues of$354 million and net income of $58 million. This net income translates into a$2.06 contribution towards EMC's Q3 consolidated GAAP earnings per share. Within this $2.06, it is important to notice that to notethat $0.07 was from an atypically high level of software capitalization and areduction in VMware's annual tax rate, which resulted in a beneficial catch-upin the tax rate in Q3. Moving on from VMware and based upon our discussions withyou, we know that there is a lot of interest in how EMC is doing, excludingVMware's results now these are reported separately. In order to better help you with your analysis, we are addinga new financial presentation of EMC's information infrastructure business thatincludes our information storage, content management and RSA Securitybusinesses, i.e. everything except VMware. Today, we are providing you with an income statement view ofthe information infrastructure business for the last four quarters of 2006 andthe first three quarters of 2007. These schedules are included in today's press release. Thefinancial presentation of the information infrastructure business will enableyou to better understand the growth dynamics of the business and give youvisibility into how we are doing operationally. Based upon your feedback, we will be presenting theseresults on a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation and intangibleamortization. This detail will enable you to see how we are managing thebusiness model and give you a view into how we are improving operating leverageand generating cash. I’ll begin by taking you through the components of how wereconcile EMC consolidated GAAP results through to our EMC informationinfrastructure business on a non-GAAP basis. This may take a few minutes, butit will help you understand the basic mathematics of how we get to the numbers. More importantly, I’ll then discuss the relevant operatingmetrics of the EMC information infrastructure business and talk to you aboutthe improvements we are seeing there. Now let's start with the basic math for Q3. We start withEMC consolidated GAAP revenues of $3.3 billion and earnings per share of $0.23.Next, we adjust to earnings per share for the Q3 investment gains, primarily onEMC's sale of VMware stock to Cisco. Within these adjusted consolidated EMCresults, we then have the VMware GAAP standalone contributions as they reportedlast night. Now, as I just explained to you, we then adjust for auditreconciliation’s between VMware standalone results and those results reportedin our consolidated numbers and the minority interest of VMware not held byEMC. This gets you to VMware's contribution within EMC. EMC's adjusted consolidated results less this VMwarecontribution gives you the results for the rest of the Company, representingthe EMC information infrastructure business. We then adjust for the non-cashitems so you can better see our progress in terms of operating efficiencies andcash generation. These items are stock-based compensation of $0.02 andintangible amortization of $0.01. This gets to our EMC informationinfrastructure earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis of $0.18 for Q3. Okay. So, there you have the math and as you can see, it ispretty straightforward. We think it is the right way to look at the informationinfrastructure business and gives you a great view of how we are doing. So next, let's talk about what these numbers tell you. Q3revenues for the EMC information infrastructure business were $2.9 billion, up12% over last year. Year-to-date, revenues for the EMC informationinfrastructure business are up 14%. Gross margins improved 40 basis points sequentially drivenby higher profit margins in our information storage business. Year-to-date,gross margins are up 40 basis points due to the higher mix from RSA Securityand CMA. Operating expenses were down 50 basis points sequentially,reflecting good cost control. Year-to-date, operating expenses were up 20 basispoints reflecting the growing contribution from the RSA Security and CMAbusinesses. As I have mentioned before, these businesses have higher grossmargins and they also have higher operating expenses compared to the storagebusiness. Now let's take a look at the operating margin trends. Theoperating margin of our EMC information infrastructure business is up 80 basispoints sequentially and up 20 basis points year-to-date. This shows the solidprogress we’ve made towards improving the leverage in our operating model overthe course of this year. In Q3, we continued to make progress on our one EMCinitiative. We are now about two-thirds of the way towards completing the Q4'06 restructuring plan and we anticipate completing the majority of theremaining actions by year-end. We’re pleased with our operating margin improvement thisquarter and continue to be focused on our cost base, expense management anddriving operating leverage. Q3, EMC information infrastructure non-GAAPearnings per share were $0.18. Year-to-date, on the same basis, EMC informationinfrastructure earnings per share were $0.53 up 18%. So while I have gone through a lot of new numbers today, Ithink you will find it very helpful in your analysis of EMC. As you haverequested, we are breaking out the EMC information infrastructure business. Weare giving you a full income statement view of seven quarters of historicalcomparisons so you can see our progress. And we are providing a view of the business, excludingnon-cash expenses, so you can track our success in terms of driving operatingleverage. We believe presenting the EMC information infrastructure business ona non-GAAP basis allows for the most transparent and clean view of our operationalperformance. Now moving to the balance sheet and looking at a fewconsolidated balance sheet and cash flow items. EMC consolidated cash flow fromoperating activities in Q3 was $718 million, up 57% from Q3 last year. Thisimprovement came primarily from our increased net income and improvements inworking capital, including growth in deferred revenues and better inventorymanagements. Looking at the other balance sheet items that impactoperating cash flow, inventory turns were 6.6, up from 5.9 in Q3 last year andDSOs were 54 days, up five days from Q2 due to a number of factors, includingVMware and some acquisitions that closed towards the end of the quarter. Thisis a little higher than we would like and we will work to bring DSOs closer to50 days. Excluding VMware, Q3 cash flow from operating activities was$529 million, up 51% from Q3 last year. And year-to-date, excluding VMware,cash flow from operating activities was $1.6 billion, up 35% from last year.EMC consolidated Q3 free cash flow was $475 million, up 124% from Q3 last year.CapEx was $177 million and software capitalization costs for the quarter was$65 million. Excluding VMware, Q3 free cash flow was $357 million, up123% from Q3 last year. Year-to-date, excluding VMware free cash flow was $1.1billion, up 80% from last year. We are very pleased with the improvement we’vemade in this area. Now, turning to cash use on a consolidated basis. In Q3, wespent $352 million on acquisitions for our information storage, contentmanagement and VMware businesses. And we spent $224 million to buyapproximately 12 million shares in Q3. We were restricted from buying sharesfor most of the quarter due to the partial IPO VMware. We ended the quarter with cash and investments ofapproximately $7.5 billion. $3.7 billion of this is held in our overseasoperations and in VMware. We believe our capital structure initiatives over thelast year, including our share repurchases, convertible debt transaction andpartial IPO VMware, have been very beneficial for shareholders. So far this year, we have bought back 73 million EMC sharesreturning $1.1 billion to our shareholders. As always, we are committed todelivering shareholder value, so I am pleased to announce we are now increasingour January 2007 share re-purchase commitment from $1 billion to $2 billion. This increase includes a return of a portion of the proceedsfrom the VMware IPO and we expect to complete this repurchase by the end of Q12008. The average diluted share count for the quarter was 2.177 billion, upover 2.5% from Q2. The largest driver of this sequential increase is theaccounting treatment for the additional shares from our convertible debt thatwe issued last November. Accounting rules for this convertible debt caused ourfully diluted shares to increase as the quarterly average share price increasesabove the convertible exchange price of $16.08. And while we have structures in place to eliminate the netdilution to shareholders when the convertible bonds mature in 2011 and 2013, ourreported diluted shares outstanding will continue to reflect the fullaccounting impact. This accounting impact is meaningful and for those of youwho are unfamiliar with the share calculation used in accounting treatments,there is a slide at the end of the presentation illustrating the math andincluding a numeric example. While I am not going to walk through the calculation withyou this morning, the example provides, the example provided illustrates themagnitude of these accounting treatments. Assuming EMC's stock price averages$22 for a given quarter, the calculation would lead to an accounting increaseof approximately 60 million shares or a 3% increase in our current dilutedshare counts. This will reduce our earnings per share by approximately$0.01 a quarter. I point this out because you'll probably want to keep thismath in mind as you work through your future models. Looking forward and based upon our results year-to-date andour expectations for a solid fourth quarter, we are now very clearly on trackto exceed the annual targets we set in January of $12.7 billion of revenue and$0.64 of earnings per share. With that, I will now turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Tucci: Thanks, David. I would also like to welcome everyone totoday's conference call. Thank you very much for joining us. I was quitepleased with EMC's performance in Q3. Our execution and results were strong andvery well balanced across our four businesses, across hardware, software andservices and across our three major geographies. And besides posting solidresults, we gained share in each of the major markets we serve. Looking a little more closely at EMC without VMware,clearly, our information infrastructure strategy powered by our one EMCbusiness model served us well this quarter. We grew revenues, we grew grossmargins and we increased leverage. Which resulted in improved operatingmargins. Also, this past quarter, I was very pleased with our cash flowresults. Storage continues to be the bedrock of our informationinfrastructure business as customers around the world look to EMC forindustry-leading products and services. In Q3, we were pleased with the launchand customer reception of our new Symmetrix DMX-4 product family. Also, this past quarter, our CLARiiON CX3 line continued topost strong results. The market acceptance of our new entry and mid levelmulti-protocol systems, the NS20 and NS40, was nothing short of phenomenal. Performance, reliability, ease-of-use, functionality andversatility of these new multi-protocol systems sets a new bar for the storageindustry. And there is more to come. In the not too distant future, we willannounce a system specifically designed for Web 2.0 data centers and new lowerend, SMB oriented products. Turning to our content management and archiving business, asyou will remember in Q2, we said we were disappointed with the results of ourcontent management and archiving business. We told you we are in the midst ofboth organizational and management changes and that we told you we expected andwould do better in the second half of the year. As you can see by our 27% year-on-year growth in contentmanagement in Q3, we are off to a good start. Unstructured informationcontinues to grow at a rapid pace. The value of that information can only berealized by, proper storage and management of this content. Thus, we see agood, long-term opportunity in the content management and archiving businessand the leverage it generates with our storage and security business isimpressive and growing. Our RSA Security business for the fifth quarter in a rowposted a year-on-year growth rate of over 20% as the demand for securing theinformation itself through encryption and robust centralized key managementcontinues to grow and the need for strong authentication and assured complianceis now a must have across virtually all industries. And again, you can see the synergy and leverage between oursecurity business and our storage business and content management businessesincreasing. Examples are products like enVision for storage, RSA's StrongAuthentication, which is built into Symmetrix, secure content management, theintegration of information rights and management into our content managementofferings and coming soon, you will see PowerPath encryption. And lastly, our strategy calls for EMC to provide integratedinformation infrastructure solutions to assure one of the key ingredients forsuccess on this or any other solutions front is having a strong and experiencedservice organization. Today, our service organization has over 11,000 peoplearound the globe and we expand this presence significantly through ourvalue-added service partners. Proof of our success here is a 25% year-on-yeargrowth we achieved this last quarter. Now, I would like to briefly comment on the economicenvironment and the IT spending trends. As I said, in Q3, we actually saw astrong demand for our information infrastructure products and services instorage, content management and security. I know there’s a lot of concern out there about a slowdownin the financial services arena, particularly in the U.S. But I must say, Iwould not categorize our Q3 performance in this sector as high-growth; we didsee a little year-on-year growth in the financial services market this pastquarter. Trends that led to this growth were business continuity,consolidations, risk mitigation and compliance, intelligent archiving andbackup to disk solutions. We continue to see good growth opportunities in theSMB and commercial market segments across the globe. We continue to see robust growth opportunities in AsiaPacific, Middle East, Eastern Europe and Latin America and to complete thepicture, in Europe, we see IT spending continuing at a pretty good pace. So, despite the air of caution in the financial servicesindustry, we currently see enough opportunity to achieve our growth objectivesgoing forward. As David already said, without a doubt, the highlight of thequarter was the tremendously successful IPO of Vmware. It was coupled with their equally impressive Q3 year-on-yearrevenue growth rate of almost 90%. And for me it’s virtual infrastructure isclearly being embraced by a wide set of customers across the globe. The goal of this partial IPO was to unleash value and thisgoal was definitely met. Undoubtedly shareholder value was unleashed andundoubtedly VMware's unparalleled value proposition was exposed to a broaderaudience of current and future customers. Going forward, I assure you we will continue to focus oncreating shareholder value for both groups of shareholders. We are very pleasedwith the performance of our asset mixed and we have no current plans to furtherdistribute VMware shares. This is consistent with what we said at the time of the IPO.With that, let me turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion oftoday's call. Tony?
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. We open up the lines for your questions, asusual, we ask you to try to limit yourself to one question, includingclarifications. It will enable us to take as many questions as possible. Thankyou all for your corporation in this matter. Draney, can we open up the linesfor questions, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from theline of Aaron Rakers, Wachovia Capital Markets.
Aaron Rakers - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thanks, guys and congratulations and also thanks for theclarity on the organic business. I guess my question is around the operatingmargin story, very strong story with 80 basis point improvements here over thelast few quarters. And I guess when you look out going forward, can you give usany type of target around where you would like to manage this business from anoperating margin perspective? And then also on top of that, how much of thisrecent expansion is due to headcount versus just the changing mix of youroverall business? Thank you.
David Goulden: Hi, Good morning. Let me take that for you. First of all, weare not going to give you a target for where we want to try and get the marginsto, but I would point out that our goal is to continue to drive leverage. Actually, in some ways, leverage is a little strongeryear-on-year than it might have looked from the numbers because if you justlooked at Q2 and Q3 versus Q2 and Q3 last year, the leverage would be up 60basis points on the core business on a non-GAAP basis. Because, if you remember in Q1 this year, we had a slightlyunfavorable mix of hardware products so, normalizing that out, the improvementis quite good. You are going to see continued impact of the move towards thesoftware businesses. So, as I said in my comments, as you model going forward weexpect the margins will continue to increase with mix as we move towards contentand security, but also expect that to drive a higher SG&A yield as wellbecause those businesses have higher SG&A profiles. So we are driving forleverage, but we are not going to give you a target.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Conigliaro, GoldmanSachs. You may ask your question.
Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs: Well, I know you are not going to give targets, but giventhe fact that you really are driving for leverage and you have already providedevidence on a number of different fronts about where those cost savings andother kinds of leverage are coming from? Why doesn't that imply that you should be exiting 2006 withoperating margins pretty close to 20%?
David Goulden: Laura, we have made nice progress during the year. Q4 isalways our strongest quarter from an operating margin point of view, so youshould expect improvement from Q3 to Q4, but we do want to try to get away frombeing stuck to specific targets here. Just expect us to drive leverage and wewill give you more a view into what we might see in 2008 as we get into 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shebly Seyrafi, of Caris. Youmay ask your question.
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Yes, thank you very much. So you mentioned earlier that youhave no plans, current plans to distribute more VMware shares, but I amwondering how firm you are with that statement. Effectively, the stub or you call the EMC informationinfrastructure segment is selling at like single-digit P/E ratios, which Ithink is not appropriate. If this kind of disconnect continues might you changeyour mind over the next year? And if you can frame this in the context of early 2009 whenyou can do this tax-free, I’d appreciate it. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: The IPO is barely two months old. We have generated, Ibelieve, something close to in that year period, looking back here, about 70%growth in the shareholder value. We are focused. I understand all the movingparts. I would submit that we’ve done a pretty darn good job and wewill continue to work in the best interest of the shareholders and beyond that,I am not going to say anything at this structure.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Bachman, Bank ofMontreal.
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Hi, thank you. Joe, I think this is for you. In terms of ITstorage, IT managers obviously taking a leg from what is going on in theseveral world there is a lot of discussions, increased focused. I think on storage virtualization and the specific agendathat we’ve heard from customers is reducing array spending or storage spending.How should investors think about the role of storage virtualization on yourbusiness as you look out over the next 12 to 18 months?
Joe Tucci: When I think of storage virtualization, I think of threeareas. One, and I think the most important is what is happening on the fileside of the business. If you look at both growth rates and utilization rates,you look at almost any factor of control. Companies across the globe have done a much better jobinside the data centers on SANs of bringing up high levels of utilization andhigh levels of management and the sharing of that data. Still if you ask -- I have yet to ask a CIO anywhere howmuch data they have around their file systems or how many file systems theyhave around a company that knows the answer. I do think this file virtualization, global namespacetechnology is going to be is a very important space and one we are focusing on.I also think that we call virtual provisioning, some companies call thinprovisioning. We call it virtual provisioning because what we are doing inprovisioning, which we will have that out on all systems first part of next year,it is out on our NS product line today, has tremendously broad capabilitieswhere we can expand and contract loans and provision only when its necessary. So I think virtual provisioning is going to be important.And I think there is a lot of hype around SAN provisioning. SAN utilizationespecially when you apply thin provisioning or virtual provisioning, are goingto get very high. And you are going to see most of that virtualizationobviously used for dynamic movement of data between tiers and we have a greatanswer there with our Invista, which is networked-based virtualization. So, we have all three covered and I actually mentioned whatI think is just about the order of importance so if customers out there want tosave the most money, just focus on what you're doing in your file systemsaround the world in storage. If you want to look at a second thing, I would look at whatvirtual provisioning can bring to you. Then I would look at SAN provisioningfor easier and more effective use of data mobility. It's probably not going toaffect your utilization rates at all. So yes, it is an important set of categories, but it is thatset of categories that are going to make up this broader storage virtualizationthat you talked about.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi, SanfordBernstein. You may ask your question.
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: Yes, thank you. I wanted to follow-up on your comments, Joe,about the relative weakness in U.S. financial institutions. My estimate is thatU.S. financial institutions perhaps comprises about 10% of EMC's revenues. Canyou confirm that? And then more importantly, it looked as though you hadweakness in storage software licenses. Those were down year-over-year. You alsohad some weakness albeit against a tough compare in the Symmetrix productline.Weakness in high-end systems and in software licenses is consistent with whatIBM saw. Was that particularly concentrated in U.S. financialinstitutions or was that more broad-based and there is a broader explanationfor particularly the software license decline?
Joe Tucci: Well, first of all, Tony, we don't comment on what anyparticular vertical sector makes up as a percentage of our business, so I willpass on that broad topic. But the answer to your question is really a littlebit of both. Obviously, when you look at conditions around drivinglicensing, financial services in the U.S. is important to us, but it’s morebroad. We have got just tremendous coverage of our software and we use a schemaas you know where you pay for the license and then you get future upgrades forfree as part of your maintenance, so our maintenance revenues on software aregrowing. We don't have as much growth on a Symmetrix especiallybecause of the way we licensed over the past years. But it is still Symmetrix;we think that the high-end industry over the last three years has just hadsingle-digit growth, lower single-digit growth. So this year, we are essentially flat. Last year, we were upa few percent, so I expect that to continue. I mean that business, I’ve said toothers, will look a lot to us as the IBM mainframe business looks to IBM.They’re not going away. Customers' most mission critical data is on that. We really have to have robust business continuity. Thosesystems are chosen. Or we’ve given options now where you can actually tier inthat box and we are just about to release the one terabyte drives to be putinto a different tier of the Symmetrix. So, those things should help or preserve and have slightgrowth in that business. So, it is a great business and one we’re proud tohave. And that does reflect some of our licensing.  David, you wanted to add some?
David: Yes, Tony, I just walked out
Tony Takazawa: Joe, one comment. When you are looking at Q3 year-on-year,which you were doing in those statements, don't forget that Q2 and Q3 lastyear, we had this abnormal distribution due to the backlog we carried out of Q2into Q3. So what you saw is a proportionally higher SIM revenuenumber in Q3 than you would have done in Q2 last year. So you are comparing alittle bit of apples-and-oranges when you are just looking Q3 versus Q3, whichis why I think the year-to-date comparisons I mentioned during my script areperhaps the more meaningful ones. They don't change what Joe said, but it just basicallynormalizes that Q3 phenomenon. 
Joe Tucci: That is why I used the flat, Tony, because if you look atit, we had pretty good Symmetrix growth last quarter, down 3% this quarter. Butthe way to look at it is over the nine months and the nine months was flat. Sothe statements that I made to you still hold in that context.
Tony Takazawa: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Neff, Bear Stearns. Youmay ask your question?
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Sure, if I could, Joe, just going back to what you weresaying a moment ago about the weakness was primarily in that any weakness yousaw was primarily in U.S. financial. What are other customers telling you? Imean they can all read the same newspapers we all do. What makes them -- why aren't they being more cautious? Andjust, David, going back to your question before, comment before in terms ofcash, can you give us a sense about how much cash could be available for sharerepurchases?
Joe Tucci: I did use in my comments the words air of caution. You askeda question on U.S. financial services. When I talked -- and maybe constructionwould be the industry or industries affected by construction might be in thatsame camp, but other than that, when I talk to CIOs across the U.S., not toomany or any for that matter told me that, okay, my boss just significantly cutmy budget for this year and going into next year. But everybody is alwaysasking -- everybody is a little bit worried worried. There is an air of caution out there, what is going tohappen, are interest rates going to be lower? How is the economy going to havesoft and long and how are we going to get through this credit crunch? And sothere is an air of caution and there is a lot of unknown and I think we haveall got to stay tuned. But as I said, right now, set of products and solutions thatwe have that our customers, even in financial services. As I said, we hadslight growth. Nothing to write home about, but we did have growth year-on-yearin financial services. So, if you have the right solutions, customers are goingto pay, are going to invest in those kinds of opportunities and soconsolidations helped them save money for the future. So, data center consolidation, server consolidation, storageconsolidation are hot, virtualization is hot in a lot of areas. Customers needto make sure their businesses continue, so to back up the tape paradigm is justnot a good way to recover information. So backup to disk is hot, de-duplicationtechnologies are hot. So, as long as we have two bits of nothing in the SMB space,two bits of nothing in the Web 2.0 space where big money is being spent in bothof those. So, we have got to focus on opportunities and the opportunities areout there broadly and that is what we do as a company.
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Joe Tucci: David, you wanted to focus on Andy's part two, which wascash.
David Goulden: Cash, yes. Obviously, I gave you the math to quickly figureout. We have $3.8 billion of cash in our U.S. business, excluding VMware. So, the way to think about that consistent with what we saidbefore, we need $1billion of that to run the business, we need $1 billion ofthat as a cushion because you wouldn't want to run the business without anycushion, so in theory, you have got $1.8 billion extra, which we could investin projects or other programs. And we basically committed this morning toreturn close to $1 billion of that to shareholders over the next few months. So that is the way to think about the cash position.
Tony Takazawa: Thank you,
Joe Tucci: Andy. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Hunt, Thomas WeiselPartners. You may ask your question.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, thank you. I had a mechanical question. Maybe David cananswer it. In terms of the minority interest, what’s the -- I was trying tofigure out how that is calculated here. But can you help us out there a littlebit?
David Goulden: Yes, sure, Kevin. Its, first of all, this quarter, it is apartial quarter because we only had a minority interest in VMware for basicallya little less than half a quarter. The minority interest this quarter wasapproximately 7%. If you look on a basic share count basis and what it wouldbe next year, next quarter rather, it would be 14% next quarter. So, basicallywhat you are doing is you are just taking the VMware GAAP net income and thenyou are deducting the minority that we don't own before we consolidate into ournumbers.
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks, David. The half-quarter is what threw me off.Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katie Huberty, Morgan Stanley.You may ask your question.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Yes, did we see the full impact of the new midrange andentry-level systems this quarter or should we see more of a ramp in December?
Joe Tucci: Katie, from the new systems, the only one that would kind ofcategorize as low-end would-be the NS20, so we actually expect that to continueto ramp and do well and I categorize that kind of market acceptance as prettyclose to phenomenal. I mean it is a tremendously hot product. We do have otherproducts coming out that will be more towards the first of the year. So I thinkyou will see some better news in Q4 and some better, better news in Q1.
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: And in terms of the new midrange products that were launchedin July, how much of an impact did those have this quarter and do they rampinto December as well?
Joe Tucci: Oh yes, they should continue to ramp. The CX3 is doing verywell. The new multi-critical NS40 is what I would categorize as midrange andthat is doing very well. So between the CX3 and the NS40 products, we could --still lots of runway for ramp.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaushik Roy, Pacific Growth.You may ask your question.
Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities: Thank you. Overall, Q3 demand was pretty good for EMC, sowhy aren't you raising your full-year guidance? You will only have to generateflat revenues to get to your target.
Joe Tucci: You, got to basically take a position and the position wetook was that we are going to give annual guidance and we did that and we didthat, we said we hoped to, I think meet or exceed or more than I think we saidor at least okay, thank you, David. We said at least $0.64 and we said at least $12.7 billion.As you know, those were the goals. The goals actually as you saw that the Boardgave us was $12.75 billion and $0.64.We then got into the midyear and said wechanged, we were very bold and said more than we changed at least to more thanand now we said we would definitely exceed. So I grant you that’s not much, but you have got to take theposition that you're going to do quarterly guidance or you're going to doannual guidance. We took the position for annual guidance. We are doing prettywell, so I will stay with the definitely exceed. I strongly believe it willdefinitely exceed $0.64 and $12.7 billion.
Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities: Can you comment on the competitive environment at the highend and mid range and some of these startups are coming out going public, fouror five of them. Are you seeing them in the market?
Joe Tucci: Yes, sure. I mean, of course we see them. It’s reallyinteresting. When I look at those startups, most of those startups, and to givethem credit, have come up with a fairly innovative and good technology in aparticular area  So one startup is basically hypes the heck out of thinprovisioning. Another one says, hey, I invented for iSCSI, another one says Ibuilt it for Web 2.0, another one says I do spin down, etcetera. And what I am telling you is that every single one of thosetechnologies, every single one of those technologies with the exception of Web2.0, we will build into all of our products. So we will be able to outperformanyone in terms of the port for say thin provisioning. We are calling it virtual provisioning because we think wedo it better. David, talked to you about the tremendous successes. We have doneiSCSI and iSCSI replication both into our NS product line and our low-endCLARiiON product line or all the CLARiiON product line. We will come out early next year with spin down for on ourdisk libraries. I told you, we’ve built a specific system, which will be outvery, very shortly, for Web 2.0. So again customers love all the functionality,the 11,000 people we have in support and every one of those technologies we arebuilding in and when we build it in, we know, okay, we compete very well and aswe come out with these technologies, as we compete with those customers, ourwin rates go way up by these new companies. So I think, give them credit, they have done some innovativethings, but we have been noticing those too and of course we have got to buildthem in a more robust way because we are EMC and we are the leader and when wedo that, our win rates are terrific.
Kaushik Roy - Pacific Growth Equities: Thank you. That's helpful.
Tony Takazawa: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Mansky, Citigroup. Youmay ask your question.
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: I had one question, but the prior question was a littleinteresting. I actually wanted to follow up on that. As we kind of look backpre-bubble, I mean we have had, I think about, four or five hardware relatedIPOs come out in the last year or set to come out and that is exactly four orfive more since pre-bubble. What do you think it is that has changed from a buyingdynamic that has allowed these companies to emerge? I know you mentioned thetechnology, but technology differentiation has always been there. There hasalways been the opportunity to differentiate. So what is it from a purchasing or a decision making processor a fundamental system requirement process that you think has enabled thesecompanies to kind of mushroom out of nowhere?
Joe Tucci: I think, what has happened, Paul, is by focusing and doingkind of one thing well and just one thing that customers have been asking for.That’s why we have been building these into our systems. But obviously when youhave all the other feature functions and benefits that we have to build thesethings in a very robust way. Because one of the things I could tell you after acquiring aheck of a lot of companies, it just strikes me as before you bought company X,you call around to a bunch of my non public company obviously, a bunch of myfriends that were CIOs and said, what do you think of this technology? Andeveryone said, it's great, it's great, it's great. We'd love to see you haveit. All of a sudden, you buy it and then two weeks later, theyare calling you and saying, hey, this technology is not up to EMC standards interms of quality, in terms of service, etcetera. And I said what do you expectme to do in the two weeks I have owned it? But on the other side, there is an expectation that when wecome out with a product, it is what I call is EMC standard and rock solid. Sowhat happens is these companies get cut a little bit of break and thensecondly, they are doing some really good innovative things and they arebringing it to market quickly and customers are saying, hey, let's bring it inand try it and then of course we will go put pressure on the EMCs of the worldto go build these things into their current products so that we don't have topay extra for them. Because if you did go out there and say, okay, let me buythis product because I like spin down, let me buy this product because I likethin provisioning, let me buy this product because I like iSCSI, you are goingto cost yourself a fortune in your data center supporting all those disparateproducts. So what they really want is us to bring it, to have thesefunctions in there, meet those price points and have the quality and that’sexactly what we are doing. Obviously to do that, I can't snap my fingers and doit quickly, so what they are beating us with is time to market. They are getting there quickly. They are showing that thistype of little technology or technology point works and it has value. And thenof course we are parallel building it in and as I said, with every one ofthese, by the end of Q1 we will have it built into all our systems.
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Thank you for that color. I appreciate it.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Paul. We have time for one more question and thenJoe will have some comments.
Operator: Your last question comes from the Clay Sumner, FBR. You mayask your question.
Clay Sumner - FBR: Thanks very much. David, you talked a lot, you gave a lot ofdifferent ways to look at the numbers, but can you just tell us what revenuegrowth, what the growth rate would have been if we had assumed you had ownedall of your acquisitions throughout the third quarter of '06, or quasi organicrate?
David Goulden: We’ve not broken that out though. I think, what we have doneis we've given you how big the storage how fast the storage business grew. Weshowed you CMA. I think we have given you enough views of the business to breakit all out. So hopefully you can work that through and, if not, we will talklater on.
Clay Sumner - FBR: Okay. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We really doappreciate it. I look forward to following up with you. Clearly, there is morewe can do around what we call the one EMC initiative, which creates leverageacross our products. There is more we can do with the one EMC initiative wherewe can hopefully take as we have acquired over 30 little companies now of somesize over the past three to four years. There is obviously some management layers we can reduce andsome efficiencies we can create on the people side and we will continue todrive that.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-24 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Tony Takzawa - VP, IR   David Goulden - EVP & CFO   Joe Tucci - Chairman, President & CEO 
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards   Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs   Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Co.   Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal   Bill Shope - J.P. Morgan   Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns   Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley   Dan Renouard - Robert W. Baird   Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers   Bill Fearnley - FTN Midwest   Clay Sumner - FBR   Ben Reitzes - UBS   Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets   Glenn Hanus - Needham & Co.   Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein 
Operator: Welcome to today's EMC conference call, the second-quarter earnings conference call. All lines will be in a lesson only fashion until the question-and-answer portion. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded; if anyone has any objections you may disconnect at this time. I'd now like to turn the call over to today's host, Mr. Tony Takzawa. Sir, you may begin. 
Tony Takzawa: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of 2007. Today we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC Chairman, President and CEO, and David Goulden, EMC Executive Vice President and CFO. David will start things off by walking you through EMC's activities and financial results for the quarter. Joe Tucci will then spend some time discussing his market outlook, EMC's execution of the strategy and the progress we are making toward our annual goals. After the prepared remarks we will then open up the lines to take your questions.  Today's slides contain important information that is necessary to understand our results and commentary, so we encourage you to view them on EMC's website at EMC.com. An archive of the audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call.  As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all the numbers we discuss today will be presented on a GAAP the basis unless otherwise indicated. For those of you interested in analyzing the non-GAAP numbers, we continue to provide a schedule in the press release that will help you adjust the GAAP results for stock option, restricted stock and amortization expenses.  Lastly, I do want to point out that given VMware's spending IPO, our commentary on VMware's 2Q results is limited to what is in today's earnings release. In other words, we will not be able to provide additional commentary or color on VMware's business or financial results at this time. With that it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David? 
David Goulden: Thank you, Tony. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our Q2 operational and financial results. We demonstrated crisp execution, delivered strong performance in a number of key areas and made great progress towards our goals for the year.  Turning to the numbers. Q2 revenues were $3.12 billion, up 21% from Q2 of last year; earnings per share were $0.16, up 33% over Q2 of last year; and free cash flow was $422 million, up 123% from Q2 last year. I'll now walk you through the results in a little more detail.  Q2 revenue growth of 21% over last year included approximately 200 basis points held from currency. Looking first at our corporate revenue mix compared to a year ago, systems revenues were up 18% with strong midrange growth, software revenues were up 27% led by RSA Security and VMware, and services revenues were up 18% driven by strong double-digit services growth in all four business segments.  Now turning to revenue by geography, I'm pleased to report we had 20% plus growth in each of our three largest geographies. Revenues from North America grew 20%; a significant highlight in this region for Q2 and for the first half is the growth in the commercial market segment. EMEA revenues were up 21%; CLARiiON, IP storage and CMA did well in these markets. APJ had another great quarter with revenues up 32% over last year. This is the second quarter of revenue growth over 25% in APJ and demonstrates we're gaining share in this important market.  This quarter we continue to strengthen our senior APJ management team and we are pleased that a very seasoned technology executive from Fujitsu, Soshio Marihoshi (ph), recently joined us as our new Country Manager for Japan. The strong leadership and execution from our management team coupled with investments we've made in this region are already translating into strong results. And finally, Latin American revenues were up 16% which is a nice bounce back from Q1.  Next I'd like to cover the revenue results from each of our four business segments -- information storage, content management and archiving, RSA information security and VMware. These segments represent the major markets we focus on within IT, the solution sets we bring to customers and reflect how we run the business.  First let's take a look at our information storage business. Total storage revenues for Q2 were $2.5 billion, up 12% over Q2 last year. Within the storage business Symmetrix revenues were up 3% year-on-year against, as you will recall, a relatively easy compare. We realize that many of you will be trying to normalize last year's Q2 and Q3 Sym revenues in your analysis and it should help you to know that Sym bookings were flat year-on-year against a tough Q2 bookings compare.  We're particularly pleased to see the solid demand ahead of the new DMX-4 announcement. We had a great quarter in our midrange business with CLARiiON revenues up 34%. We were very pleased with this growth both domestically and internationally. We continue to see the adoption of backup to disk strengthening and our disk leverage products had a great growth again this quarter.  Storage services grew double-digits lead by strong growth in our backup recovery and archive practice and our Microsoft practice. Dell represented 15.6% of EMC's total revenue this quarter; within this total Dell was a little over 35% of CLARiiON revenues and the balance came from a broad mix of information storage and VMware products.  In summary, Q2 was a solid quarter in storage for EMC with good revenue growth and sequential improvement in margins. Looking ahead we continue to expand the breadth and depth of our storage product portfolio and we announced several important products last week. These products reflect the strategic focus of our R&D efforts as we continue to deliver market leading solutions for customers' traditional performance and availability requirements. And we're also now leading the market for customers' rapidly emerging requirements for security, tiering, consolidation, ease-of-use and energy efficiency.  In addition to new product development, we're also driving deeper integration of many of our acquired technologies across our products to provide solutions that no one else offers. A few recent technology integration examples that expand our unique storage offerings include the addition of RSA authentication authorization and audit capabilities into Symmetrix, Avamar backup and data de-duplication technology optimized with VMware and Solaris NAS platforms and the integration of RecoverPoint replication technology we acquired with Kashya with our CLARiiON, Connectrix and Invista storage products.  According to recent surveys, storage remains a top spending priority with CIOs. We estimated at the beginning of year that the storage market will grow about 8% in 2007 and this appears to be on track. The demand for the differentiated products and services we offer gives us confidence that we're well positioned for continued growth and share gains in storage this year.  Turning now to our content management and archiving software business. Total revenues were $174 million, up approximately 5% over last year. License revenues continue to be lumpy and we're down 8% against a very tough compare to Q2 last year. Maintenance and professional services revenues were up 18% year-on-year reflecting the effect of last year's strong growth in this business.  I want to touch on two factors that impacted this quarter's CMA results. First, in the middle of the quarter we internally announced and began implementing some changes to our CMA go to market model. These changes are now complete and will result in more dedication and focus on content management. And we're also seeing some effects from the rapid consolidation that has taken place in this market. We believe the changing competitive landscape has caused some near-term purchase pause with customers.  Taking these factors into account our Q2 results were pretty much in line with our internal expectations. Looking ahead there are some key factors that give us confidence in our CMA business in the second half. First, our business pipeline is strong. Second, we've now implemented our go to market enhancements and we've strengthened our partnerships with several of the leading global systems integrators. And third, we are very confidence in the competitiveness of our product portfolio and our technology leadership in CMA.  Next week we are excited to be launching our new D6 platform; the next generation Documentum D6 platform will raise the bar for content management and archiving solutions. For the year we now expect the CMA market to grow around 10%, similar to last year's growth rates. We continue to be confident we'll post solid results for the year.  Now let me turn to the RSA information security business, revenues in Q2 were $125 million and on a comparable basis if we had owned the business last Q2 revenues were up 21%. RSA helped to accelerated EMC's overall Q2 revenue growth by approximately 490 basis points. Our RSA information security business has achieved 20% plus year-on-year growth every quarter we've owned it, which validates the strategic focus of this business and demonstrates solid execution.  RSA SecureID continues to do well and we're also seeing very strong traction for RSA's consumer protection, encryption and key management solutions. We recently expanded our leadership in the consumer protection business with the acquisition of Verid. Verid's knowledge-based authentication is a powerful extension of RSA's leading consumer identification solution.  In other Q2 developments we announced a partnership with Cisco to develop technology that will help customers encrypt data arrest on tapes and other types of storage media and manage the associate encryption keys. Looking ahead, we continue to believe the security market we address will grow approximately 17% this year and we expect to continue to take share.  VMware had another quarter of record revenues, up 89% from last year to $289 million. This rate of growth is fueled by the continued demand VMware is experiencing for its virtualization offerings. As I'm sure you saw, we filed a second amendment of the S1 on July 9th that included an initial pricing range and details of the share exchange offer for VMware employees. It also contained details of the sale of a 2.5% interest in VMware to Intel. Intel's investment in VMware is intended to foster strengthening collaboration, accelerate VMware's virtualization product adoption upon interarchitecture and reinforce the value of virtualization technology for customers.  The Intel investment coupled with a partial IPO will result in 12.5% of VMware being owned by third parties. This morning we will be filing our third S1 amendment in response to comments we received from the SEC on amendment number two. We continue to be on track to complete the partial IPO of VMware this summer and we'll start the IPO roadshow as soon as we're clear to do so by the SEC.  In summary, we are pleased with the aggregate revenue results from our business units this quarter. We continue to believe we're focused on the right markets and have the best information infrastructure solutions to help customers address their most critical information management priorities.  Turning now to the rest of the income statements -- gross margins were up 170 basis points year-on-year and up 160 basis points from Q1. year-on-year improvements were driven by software mix and also by improvements in services margins. The quarter-on-quarter sequential margin improvement was driven principally by the bounce back in the mix of our storage hardware products and also by the increase of software revenues as a percentage of total revenue.  Q2 operating margin was up 220 basis points over last year and 100 basis points sequentially from Q1. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased slightly sequentially. This increase reflects the growing contribution from the security, content and VMware businesses. These businesses have higher gross margins and also have higher operating expenses compared to storage business.  In Q2 we continued with our integration plans to improve efficiencies across the Company's business and reduce costs whilst helping us to present a more unified one EMC experience to our customers. We now are about halfway towards completing the Q4 '06 restructuring plan. Net-net we are pleased with our operating margin improvement this quarter and continue to be focused on our cost base, expense management, and driving operating leverage.  Finally, our reported tax rate for Q2 was approximately 22%, which included a few small onetime benefits. Without these benefits, the Q2 tax rate would have been 23%, which is similar to last quarter.  Turning to cash flow, cash from operating activities in Q2 was $622 million, up 59% from Q2 last year. This improvement came primarily from our increased pretax income, growth in deferred revenues and the decrease in income taxes paid. Looking at other balance sheet metrics that impact operating cash flow, DSO's were 49 and inventory turns were 6.9.  Q2 free cash flow was $422 million, up 123% from Q2 last year. CapEx was $154 million which is flat from Q2 last year. This includes our continued investment in VMware's new headquarters which we anticipate completing this summer. We should see continued declines in CapEx throughout the balance of the year. Software capitalization costs per quarter were $46 million.  Now turning to cash use. We spent $390 million to buy back approximately 26 million shares in Q2. The average diluted share account for the quarter was 2.122 billion. Year-to-date we've spent $878 million to buy back approximately 61 million shares. This puts us most of the way towards our stated goal of at least $1 billion of share repurchases this year. We have 79 million shares remaining in our repurchase authorization. Additionally, we continue to expect to allocate a portion of the proceeds from the VMware IPO towards returning value to EMC's shareholders.  We spent $158 million on acquisitions for our security and VMware businesses in Q2 and we ended the quarter with cash and investments of approximately $5.9 billion, up slightly from Q1, nearly half of this is held in our overseas operations and in VMware.  Now I'd like to make a comment on our capital structure planning. We believe our recent capital structure initiatives, including the convertible debt transaction and share buybacks, have been very beneficial for shareholders and obviously the next major capital structure development is the forthcoming partial IPO of VMware. While we're currently evaluating additional initiatives, we want to complete the VMware offering first so we can make more informed decisions about the best course of action to take next.  Looking ahead, and based upon our results for the first half and our expectations for the rest of the year, we believe that we're now on track to exceed the annual targets we set in January of $12.7 billion of revenue and $0.64 of earnings per share. We still expect our quarterly revenue progression in 2007 to follow normal seasonal patterns. To recap what we said in January, this means a typical progression of revenues throughout the year with Q1 being seasonally lower than the prior Q4, Q2 being a step up from Q1, Q3 having broadly similar revenues to Q2 and Q4 being the strongest revenue quarter. With that I will turn the call over to Joe. 
Joe Tucci: Thanks, David. Hello and welcome to all of you participating in our Q2 conference call today and thank you very much for joining us. Overall Q2 represented another solid quarter for EMC. The pace of business throughout the quarter was good. We pretty much stayed on our calendarization plan from both a bookings and revenue flow point of view. And this was true in all three tiers of operations -- the Americas, APJ and Europe-Africa-Middle East.  In the Americas I am pleased to report that we saw some pick up in spending in U.S. enterprise accounts over Q1. And I am very happy to report that our Asia-Pac business again produced strong results reflecting the focus and dedication of our new management team in this important high-growth region of the world. In fact, I'm externally proud of how the entire EMC team in all parts of the world and all disciplines has been executing our strategy and driving results. I want to thank everyone at EMC for their hard work and support of our valued customers.  Looking quickly at the IT spending outlook for 2007, we see a positive environment in all major geographies and we believe there is opportunity for us to beat our annual financial targets for revenue, earnings per share and cash flow. EMC's positive results and momentum are obviously only possible because customers are embracing our strategy, our leading products, our services and our solution sets at each of our four businesses -- storage, content management and archiving, RSA security and VMware. So let's look forward a bit of touch on each of EMC's four business units and their growth initiatives. I'll start with our storage business.  EMC is a technology company and a lifeblood for any technology company is the constant flow of innovative leading best of breed products and when I look at EMC's storage business for the second half of this year we indeed have the advantage of a very strong new product cycle which we launched last Monday. At this launch we announced the next generation Symmetrix, DMX-4. As our customers in the market have come to expect from EMC's Symmetrix platforms, DMX-4 leads the market in scalability, performance and functionality and it will set a new benchmark for reliability in storage platforms.  Additionally the new DMX-4 adds leading capabilities for high end storage platforms in areas of power efficiency and ease-of-use features. And without a doubt, thanks to our integration with RSA security technology, the DMX-4 is the industry's most secure storage platform.  Also very prominent at last Monday's new product launch was our focus on the mid-tier and low end storage market. EMC is clearly focused on going down market into the commercial and SMB segments. This was evidenced by CLARiiON's -- the X3's year-over-year growth of 34%. We have a strong mid-tier product portfolio underpinned by five-nines of availability that is being well-received by customers.  To further strengthen our position in the mid-tier and low end storage markets EMC announced two brand-new game changing multiprotocol arrays -- the NS40 and the NS20. A multiprotocol array is an array which can support fiber Channel Sans, ISCSI sans and network attached storage separately or concurrently. A multiprotocol array also provides for tiering of storage in the box by utilizing both high-speed fiber channel drives and high-capacity, slower less expense serial ATA drives simultaneously. Collectively these features give customers excellent price performance and tremendous flexibility.  The NS40's and the NX20's feature list is very rich. For instance, they support up to 1000 snaps; they support iSCSI remote replication allowing for connection in lower cost ports; they have thrift in provisioning with important safety features built-in; they have advanced security and compliance features; they feature RAID 6; they have five-nines of availability; and its ease-of-use features are second to none and I could go on and on with this list of features.  Obviously based on our Q2 results we have a lot of momentum in the mid-tier market. In addition, with these new multiprotocol systems, which will undoubtedly put heat on our traditional mid- and low-tier storage competitors, and on a number of storage startups that have been attempting to make noise lately in the marketplace.  Lastly in the storage archive market we announced the next generation of our successful Centera platform. The new generation four Centera system uses 67% less power and stores 50% more data. So I think you have a feel for why I believe the EMC storage business has the advantage of a strong product cycle going forward.  Turning to our RSA security business, RSA has continued to outpace the growth of the market with more than 20% year-over-year growth. Information security continues to remain at or close to the top of our customers' IT spending priorities, and I expect this trend to continue far into the future.  RSA's continued strong growth was in part due to its significant success in Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, PCI DSS. And also very notable, a demand across multiple industries for stronger authentication requirements. Less than a year after the RSA acquisition the payoff is playing out through its growth in the storage security market and in the security market itself.  In secure storage and information management we're driving RSA security through our complete product portfolio and last quarter's acquisitions of RSA into EMC storage was an example and also outside of EMC we also drove some RSA technologies with Cisco into some of their products. So we have good momentum here.  Next, let's look at our content management and archiving business unit. We are definitely not executing to our full potential in this market. The content management archiving business faced an abnormally tough year-over-year compare this quarter. Just to remind you, last year in Q2 CMA posted a very high double-digit growth year-over-year revenue rate of 52%. Added to that the mid-quarter sales realignment, which we did that David alluded to, increased the degree of difficulty and ended up temporarily handicapping our execution in the quarter. But that's no excuse; we can and we will do better and you will see better execution from us in this business.  Despite these challenges the EMC Documentum platform continued to rack up industry accolades, including E -DOC magazine's reader's choice award and ECM Connection Ace award. And we're starting out Q3 on a good foot. Just last week Forrester positioned EMC as the leader in the Forrester Wave for business process management.  Earlier I spoke of the importance of new innovative product launches and to this end next week we will announce the next generation Documentum 6 platform which features revolutionary capabilities for application developers and a new Web services API. And to further assure we stay on the leading edge amid the widespread shift to XML, EMC also last week completed a small but relatively strategic and important acquisition of X-Hive, a Rotterdam based XML technology leader. I am confident that the products and solutions we have in place, along with our go to market realignment, will help us return to double-digit growth for CMA in the second half of this year.  On the services front we continued our tradition of helping customers get the absolute most from their investments in the information infrastructure technologies. Services posted a healthy 18% growth. EMC's core service offerings, coupled with a strong (inaudible) of service, technology and distribution partners, is a powerful combination for customers. Our application focused solutions approach worked with partners like Microsoft, Oracle and SAP has allowed us to address application infrastructure issues for our customers and has expanded our opportunity.  Turning now to VMware, as you know, we're going to sell 10% of VMware to the public. And as David said, we are very active in the registration statement process, so I will not make any very succinct forward-looking statements, but I do want to point out that I am incredibly pleased with the rapid growth and adoption of customers of VMware Virtual Infrastructure strategy and I continue to see great potential for this platform. And it goes without saying that I'm incredibly proud of the more than 3000 VMware people around the globe that are making this happen.  In closing, I'm excited about EMC's opportunities and prospects going forward. We are well positioned in several of the fastest-growing markets in IT. Our information infrastructure and virtual infrastructure strategies are being embraced by customers. We have solid momentum and you can feel the confidence in the people at EMC in our ability to execute. With that, let me turn it back to Tony for the Q&A portion of today's call. Tony? 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you to try and limit yourselves to one question; this will enable us to take as many questions as possible. Thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Lisa, can we open up the lines for questions, please? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Aaron Rakers with A. G. Edwards. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Thanks, guys, and congratulations on a good quarter. I guess I'll just start by asking, David, how do you look at the cash position of the Company? I know you mentioned half of the cash tied up in terms of foreign jurisdictions and VMware. Can you help us understand about how much you need to manage the business? And what I'm really getting at is the potential for accelerated share repurchases looking into the back half of the year? 
David Goulden: Aaron, thank you. I did mention that of the $5.9 billion, assume roughly half of that is either international or in VMware, so it's not readily assessable. Obviously that leaves half of it sitting in the domestic side of the business. And as we mentioned before, we really made about $1 billion of float to run the business domestically. So as we're looking forward amounts over that are of course available for us to either reinvest in the business, do acquisitions or to potentially return to shareholders which, as I mentioned, we're looking at, but nothing more on that front until we've completed the IPO. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Aaron. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Laura Conigliaro with Goldman Sachs. 
Laura Conigliaro – Goldman Sachs: It’s great. You've had issues in the not too distant past with some product resets or refreshes. And you've got a whole bunch of newly announced products which won't be available until August. Can you talk about some of the measures you've put in place to help offset potential stalling, also to ensure good product availability in the back half of that quarter? And does this increase the risk or why doesn't this increase the risk in an already back end loaded quarter? 
Joe Tucci: The major product transition, Laura, is in Symmetrix because if you look at the CLARiiON, the mid tier CX3 has been in place for a while now and, as you just saw, had rather exceptional performance. And the NS40 and NS20 that are sliding in there which we think are really game changing new arrays with these multiprotocol features, I don't think that's going to give us any issues at all.  So turning back to Sym, which is probably where your question ties from because be it a year ago Q2 we -- I'll be as blunt as I can -- we blew the transition because we had too many -- we had the orders, we had a good bookings quarter a year ago in Q2, but we blew the transition because we ran out of -- we guessed wrong, we had the DMX-3. So one of the things we're doing is obviously we're being a little more flexible in making sure we have a little bit of inventory. So we'll take some of the heat on the turn side to make sure that we have turn and I'm confident, just like I was last year. We didn't end up with excess inventory of DMX-2 so this will play out quite well.  The transition here is not as major. The DMX-3 to DMX-4, while it's got a totally new back end and some really good features, it's not as major because the DMX-3 was a total redo. So that was a more major transition. So the fact that this was kind of a not as major transition in the fact that we are keeping a little extra inventory and learned from our steps, we're pretty confident we've got it. 
Tony Takzawa: Thank you, Laura. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shebly Seyrafi with Caris & Co. 
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Co: Yes. Nice quarter. Your CLARiiON growth, 3% to 4% year-to-year, I translate that to around 12% sequentially. Can you talk about what drove that? Are you gaining share from, for example, Network Appliance which is known to be struggling a little bit this quarter? Talk about the competitive landscape in the midrange? Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: I think the two big players in the mid tier are obviously -- that we face are Network Appliance and HP. I think obviously the CX3, as we really have done a lot of work on the iSCSI side, Shebly, that's really I think helped us be much more effective in the marketplace. We came out with the CX3 model 10, so we lowered the entry price, CX3 model 10 effectively can start even a tick below 20,000. So we have a fuller line, a lot more iSCSI support and features. We put more focus on it with our buildouts of our channels.  Dell had a good quarter, as David indicated, as did many of our other channels. So it was just good overall performance and it's a good productline. And then of course we see now with these multiprotocol arrays coming out on top of this or in addition to this, we have a really powerful lineup for the mid tier and I feel very bullish. And as I said in my remarks, there's more to come because we're even going to come out with a low-end array in this family. So we're in good shape. 
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris & Co: Thank you. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Shebly. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. 
Keith Bachman - Bank of Montreal: Good morning. Thank you. My question relates to, David or Joe, on the margin side -- very nice gross margins helped by mix. The other side is operating expenses were also up considerably driven by mix. So your operating expense actually grew on a year-to-year basis at the same rate of revenues. Does this continue -- that your operating expenses continue to grow at the same rate of revenues or do you think you can drive incremental operating margins as we look out over the next few quarters? 
David Goulden: Keith, we're focused upon operating margin leverage. And as I said, there are a couple of things happening within the business. As our mix of revenues shifts more towards content security and VMware, those businesses compared to storage are carrying a higher gross margin and a higher operating expense to revenue. Year-on-year I'm not sure where you're getting operating expense increases from. We can maybe handle that off-line or on the call.  We're seeing decreases year-on-year in operating expenses. The increases I mentioned were sequential increases, 60 basis points, and that was almost entirely due to the mix shift which we spoke about. Again, the key thing to look at is our operating margin numbers which, as you saw, were up sequentially and year-on-year strongly. 
Joe Tucci: If you break that apart year-on-year, Keith, there certainly was an 80 basis points decline in SG&A and then of course we had a little bit more than that, about a 70 basis points increase on percentage point in R&D. So as we become more -- we're investing a tremendous amount in VMware or say in other properties which you've got growth and has become 41% of our revenues this quarter was software. So as we go that way it drives up our R&D a little bit. And as David can say, we've got to watch all these numbers and there is opportunity there for sure. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Keith. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Shope with J.P. Morgan. 
Bill Shope - J.P. Morgan: I guess related to Keith's question as well, looking at the headcount reductions you announced last year, should we expect that to have more of an impact on OpEx in the second half or is it already starting to flow through the model? And also, can you comment on core EMC OpEx trends ex RSA and VMware as you did last quarter? 
David Goulden: Bill, as we said before, the reduction -- the headcount reduction program will happen on a pre flat basis across the year. Which means that you can grow into the expenses -- you grow into the expense reductions as you go through the year and the people come out. In terms of if I look at -- last quarter I did make a comment year-on-year about operating expenses for the business without VMware and without security. And if you look at Q2 without VMware and without security, they're down significantly compared to a year ago. I gave you a number last quarter; I don't want to give you a number each quarter, but they were down a higher number on a percentage basis than they were last quarter. 
Bill Shope - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks a lot, Bill. We'll take the next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Neff with Bear Stearns. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Sure, this is a more technical question, but after the VMware transaction is completed can you take us through, David, how it will flow through your numbers, how you will reflect different things? 
David Goulden: That is a technical question. But basically the short answer is that from a revenue gross margin, OpEx, expenses, everything gets consolidated. There will be a deconsolidation at the equity level on the balance sheet and also before net income for the minority interest that we do not hold. That's the easiest way to think about it. And we'll kind of walk you through all that in much more detail after the IPO when we start publishing that way so you understand exactly what's going on. But simply that's how it's going to work. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: You'll show a minority interest line offsetting to reflect that -- what part you don't own essentially? 
David Goulden: Exactly, that's right. That will flow through the income statement and it will be reflected on the balance sheet through equity. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: But otherwise, from our modeling standpoint, above that it will be the same? 
David Goulden: Above that, yes. UP through the operating margin, etc., it will be exactly the same. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Andy. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. 
Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning. Joe, can you comment more on the strength you saw in the U.S. segment? Was it linear through the quarter or more front-end loaded as deals slip from March into April? And then perhaps touch on enterprise versus SMB segments in the U.S. 
Joe Tucci: Yes, we have found that the SMB and the commercial segments have continued to be robust through (inaudible) -- we didn't see any kind of slowdown at all say last quarter for instance. It's been good for several years for us and continues to be very strong and opportunity rich for us. In the enterprise segment, as I said, we did see a bit of softness in Q1 and this quarter I'm glad to say that as we set out our linearity plan, which means we saw no -- it was pretty linear throughout the quarter. We saw a renewed strength in enterprise in the U.S. throughout the quarter and it was very linear, it wasn't spiky at all. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Katie. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Renouard with Robert W. Baird. 
Dan Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Can you give us a little bit more detail on these new low-end products? More specifically, how you think about potential for cannibalization in the channel? And then also with Dell, is Dell out of the gate going to be selling those products? I'm talking about the 20 and the 40? Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: I don't really care about cannibalization. It doesn't matter to me whether we sell CX or the multiprotocol, they're both our technology. Margins will be at the same level, so we're very benign on which of the products we sell. It's what fits the customer environment better and I think this is going to be a real strength of us. So the cannibalization issue is a non-factor. You asked about Dell and I'll let Dell speak for themselves, but I think you can count that they will resell some of the multiprotocol products. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Dan. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. David, you had indicated in your prepared remarks that you would reevaluate the capital structure post VMware. I was hoping you could put a little more color on that in terms of things that you might consider, things that you would definitely not consider in terms of what the capital structure will look like. 
Joe Tucci: I'm going to stick where David did, Harry, I'm not going to duck it. I assure you at a Board level there is nothing that is off the table; we are looking at every option to make sure that we are committed to return some cash to shareholders from this transaction, we will. As you know, there are several ways of doing that and the Board will evaluate each of those and I'm sure we'll pick the absolute best one. But we don't want to get there until after this IPO closes which David said we will start the roadshow as soon as we get the final approval from the SEC. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Harry. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Fearnley with FTN Midwest. 
Bill Fearnley - FTN Midwest: Yes, I wanted to ask if -- could you guys give some more color on trends you see in CLARiiON, Symmetrix regarding mix, deal size and near-term growth prospects? Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: Growth prospects, the high-end market is a growth market that over the last several years has been in the mid single-digits and I really don't expect that to change. Now of course in 2005-2006 we were the clear leader. This first half of this year we slowed down. So this is very product cycle -- product cycles affect this significantly. Customers know when these product cycles are going to come. As I said, we have been a share gainer if you look back over the last two plus years. We think -- we know that DMX-4 is very well-positioned.  But that being said, that's where the growth in this market is, it's in the mid single-digits and it gets affected very much in terms of which player is growing or not growing at a particular point by product cycles. And as I said, we're now going into a very favorable product cycle, so obviously we would expect to take share. But that's just the texture and tenure of the market, Bill. Great market, great cash flow.  CLARiiON, this is a double-digit growth market and we want to considerably outpace the market growth and we think that with the CLARiiON and of course the multiprotocol is built on CLARiiON technology underneath it. So we expect these broader mid-tier platforms, CLARiiON or NS, we will considerably outpace the market and, as I said, with the NS I think we're incredibly well-positioned to really take on some of the tougher mid-tier competitors, maybe the toughest mid-tier competitor even. And of course incredibly well-positioned, I mean incredibly well-positioned against the startups. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Bill. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Clay Sumner with FBR. 
Clay Sumner - FBR: Thanks very much. Within the storage group software license growth of 4% was a good bit less than systems growth. Can you just provide some color around the dynamics, the puts and takes within that storage software license number? 
David Goulden: Yes, Clay, certainly. There are a couple of things happening there. As we said to you before, within that storage number there is platform software and there's software which is off the platform -- that would be resource management backup recovery software. And as we said going forward expect platform software to grow a little less than platform hardware because the move towards large end systems with a higher capacity, lower cost per megabyte and also towards lower-end systems which have less software content on them.  Having said that, offsetting that you'll see the relatively faster growth of resource management backup recovery software. So as the mix in storage software moves towards those second two categories more you'll start seeing those two lines get closer together from an overall growth point of view. And those are the basic dynamics happening in there. 
Joe Tucci: You've got to remember, Clay, we have tremendous penetration of these software products specifically and mostly in our high-end storage arrays with Symmetrix. So customers have bought those licensed, they're expensible because the way we do it you pay a license and then you pay maintenance support which gives you additional upgrades.  So what happens is we've got such a great footprint in proliferation that it's hard to grow the license side of that. But if you looked at the support side of that, it's growing more than twice as fast as the license side. So if you look at it in total, it's a tremendously good cash flow business and one we're proud to have and one we use to fuel other things that we do. So if you look at the storage business as a whole, we will outpace the market. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Clay. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Reitzes with UBS. 
Ben Reitzes - UBS: Good morning. Thanks. You've generated about $1 billion in free cash flow already in six months and last year you did about $1.2 billion. Could you talk about what your free cash flow may look like for the year if you exceed your EPS targets like you're talking about? And also where you are on your free cash flow targets in terms of your compensation metrics which I believe now include quite a bit on free cash flow generation? 
Joe Tucci: When you say quite a bit, the majority is still on EPS just so that you know that. 
Ben Reitzes - UBS: Well, there should be something. 
Joe Tucci: There is something, yes; it's meaningful. What I would give you too much insight here that could be harmful in the market. That is the metric we're the most ahead on as a management team. So our key free cash flow we're doing very well on. And obviously you know our metrics for EPS and revenue, we publish them. 
Ben Reitzes - UBS: I guess the question is do you typically generate more free cash flow in the second half than the first half? 
David Goulden: It depends upon a number of things including the timing of tax payments and things. Q1 is typically our strongest if you look historically because that's when you're collecting your Q4 receivables. 
Ben Reitzes - UBS: All right, thank you. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Ben. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Cahill with RBC Capital Markets. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, it's Tom Curlin dialing in with Dave. A question on VMware and just longer-term M&A thoughts. There's been some comments in public forums about potentially fully spinning out VMware and it also seems like VMware can be a vehicle for some M&A activity for you guys over the next few years. How do you balance the conflict of a VMware that may be fully independent in a few years with respect to M&A ideas? What might be strategic to AMC on a stand-alone basis could also be strategic to VMware on a stand-alone basis? 
Joe Tucci: Well, Tom, we have a very, very good Board, a very dedicated Board that is in place at VMware that we are going to continue to add world-class members to. And we will make sure that you stated it well, but I don't believe this is mutually exclusive at all. I think that we can have both companies and will have both companies prosper significantly. When we think of VMware we will take a long-term view of VMware. This is a phenomenal property with great potential and we want to make sure that we don't play this for just the short-term; we want to make sure this is set up for long-term success. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Do you agree that there may be some targets that are more appropriate for VMware to acquire versus EMC just given overall --? 
Joe Tucci: Tom, look at it on (inaudible). If you own 87.5% of something or you own 100%, would you really think that differently. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: It just depends on the direction of that mix in three or four years, right? If that's down to zero, right? 
Joe Tucci: But we're here in the benefit of all our shareholders, the EMC shareholders own by definition 87.5% of VMware. And of course as the shares get distributed some of that will also end up in our shareholder base. So that common base will be pretty darn high and we're going to do the right things and we have the team in place to do that and the dedication to do that. We will think long-term for VMware and if it's best for VMware we'll make sure we do it there. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks. Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Hanus with Needham & Co. 
Glenn Hanus - Needham & Co.: I'm getting some field reports of a little more aggressive pricing out in the core storage market, sort of the midmarket. Are you seeing that? Are you pricing a little more aggressively against Net Ap and some others or how would you sort of characterize the pricing environment and your strategies there going forward? 
Joe Tucci: I've been in this industry now for seven years and it's always been aggressive. So I don't see any significant sea change here in the pricing environment. It's always been a tough environment, we have to always watch our cost, our supply chain and our margins. And I think if you look at our results, I think we're doing a fair job on all three and we will continue to do that. But I don't see any significant huge sea change out there. Is what I call the pricing environment competitive? I sure would. And has it been competitive for a long time? Absolutely. 
Glenn Hanus - Needham & Co.: Thank you. 
Tony Takzawa: Thanks, Glenn. We have time for one more question and then Joe will have a couple of closing comments. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Tony Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein. 
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you could comment on strength and profitability of the commercial space. Dell was 14% of revenues last quarter, 15.6 this quarter, that means its growth rate accelerated about 10 percentage points sequentially. I think you had mentioned that the real strength was in the commercial space. So could you give us a relative growth rate for your commercial channel including Dell?  And then, could you give us a sense for relative profitability? Because I think you said on a sequential basis margins went up because of the mix in hardware which I presume was a mix shift to CLARiiON because CLARiiON did so well this quarter. Obviously a lot of CLARiiON is through the commercial channel. So can you talk about each of those things, please? 
Joe Tucci: I'll give you a little overall color, Tony. Certainly CLARiiON grew at 33%. We don't break this out, but for sure CLARiiON in the commercial segments grew faster than it did in the enterprise segment. So going down market has been a real success for EMC and of course our drive now is to go take that success we have in commercial and drive it. And the way we kind of broke up the market; the way -- everyone has their different way of doing it, but I've just got to take different cuts at the market.  So below commercial we have cut an SME, small and medium enterprises below SME. We've cut out small and medium businesses and we're driving down and so we're building out our channels and our support organization for both those SME, SMB markets as we speak. We're seeing great success, it's great opportunity ahead of us for EMC and I think for a long, long time. Whatever number we tell you about or talk about or achieve for mid-tier growth, the commercial space will be somewhat faster, we just don't do that breakout, Tony, but I gave you a little color.  And you're correct, at our average growth of 33% for CLARiiON, Dell was faster than that and other than that -- and David told you, it was mid-30s for growth. So year-on-year growth -- year-on-year, excuse me, percentage -- year-on-year growth was faster than the market average of 33%. So that's kind of all the color I want to give. I think you can draw your own conclusions from that. I think that's one of our great areas of potential as we go down market and we are very focused on that. And while we do that we're not going to take our eye off the ball in the high-end market either. 
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: In the margin side, can you comment on that? 
Joe Tucci: What we've found is actually as we go into the commercial markets we are certainly -- I think there's actually opportunities to get higher margins. But we certainly don't see any difference in margins or any considerable difference between enterprise even though we do more channel. That would tell you at the customer level the margins are higher. Obviously in the enterprise we do almost all the selling ourselves. And of course we rely more through channels. But when you go look through the whole thing, I think there's more -- actually there's more margin opportunity the further down market we go, but right now they're both pretty good. 
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. 
Joe Tucci: I'd like to thank everybody for joining today and I'll kind of close with where the beat of my presentation was, that a company like EMC that views itself, and we are, a technology company. As you see now, we're spending over 12% of our revenues on research and development, that's the hallmark of technology companies. We're buying additional small, as I promised, tuck-in technology companies this year. So that's our investment and of course the fruits of that investment come in a really innovative good flow of products. And when I look at where we're positioned there for the second half of the year I am bullish on our future and I thank you very much for being with us today and see you in the future. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation; you may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-17 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Tony Takazawa - VP   Joe Tucci - Chairman, President and CEO   David Goulden - VP and CFO 
Analysts: Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs   Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards   Dan Renouard - Robert W. Baird   Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers   Shebly Seyrafi - Caris   Paul Mansky - Citigroup   Ben Reitzes - UBS   Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley   Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein   Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets   Bill Shope - JP Morgan   Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the First Quarter of 2007. Today, we are joined by Joe Tucci, Chairman, President and CEO; David Goulden, EMC's Executive Vice President and CFO; and Frank Hauck, EMC's Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and Customer Quality.  David will start things off by walking you through EMC activities and financial results for the quarter. Joe Tucci, will then spend some time discussing his market outlook, EMC's execution of the strategy and the progress we are making towards our annual targets.  After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the line to take your questions. Today's slides contain important information that is necessary to understand our results and commentary. We encourage you to view them on EMC's website at www.emc.com. An archive of the audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call.  As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.  In addition, all of the numbers we discuss today will be presented on a GAAP basis, unless otherwise indicated. For those of you interested in analyzing the non-GAAP numbers, we continue to provide a schedule in the press release that will help you adjust the GAAP results for stock option, restricted stock, and amortization expenses.  With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. David? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
David Goulden: Tony, thank you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us today. I am going to walk you through our Q1 2007 financial results. Looking across our business, we are pleased with our performance this quarter and the progress we have made towards our 2007 operational and financial goals.  In summary, Q1 revenues were $2.975 billion, up 17% from Q1 last year. Q1 earnings per share were $0.15, up 36% over Q1 last year and free cash flow was $586 million, up 37% from Q1 last year.  Now, let me go through the numbers in a little more detail. Starting with Q1 revenues, where we finished the quarter on track, we achieved 17% growth over last year including approximately 200 basis points help from currency.  Looking at our corporate revenues, systems revenues were up 6%, software revenues were up 29%, and services revenues were up 21%, all compared to Q1 of last year.  Strong contributions from RSA information security and VMware really moved the needle on growth in software and services and also contributed to the year-on-year gross margin improvements. These results demonstrate the benefit of our strategy and an improving software mix.  Turning to revenue by geography, I'm pleased to report we had strong double-digit growth in North America, EMEA, and APJ. Revenues from North America grew 16%. This region has consistently delivered strong results over long periods of time, and I'm pleased with the continued success. EMEA revenues were also up 16%, and we continue to expand our presence through sales and research and development investments in this region.  Reporting on the growth opportunities we see in this area, we announced plans in February to invest $100 million in Russia over the next four years. Part of this investment will be a state-of-the-art software development center in St. Petersburg, and this new center will join our other software development operations in Belgium, China, India, Ireland, Israel, Russia and of course the United States.  In March, we expanded our alliance with one of our largest partners in EMEA, Fujitsu Siemens to continue to build our 10-year alliance. The two companies will create new frameworks for advanced data center architectures.  In APJ, revenues were up 28% over last year, which is significantly higher than the market growth rate. This region had a very strong quarter, which was helped by a single large transaction. But even without this transaction, this was the fourth quarter of accelerating growth in APJ and we're extremely pleased with the progress our management team is making in this important marketplace.  Other news in this region this quarter was our first acquisition in India, Valyd Software, which provides database and file encryption solutions. This is one small example of our focus on creating a global information infrastructure company where we can expand our presence locally and draw upon technology talent from around the world.  In Latin America, revenues were down 4%. In Q1 last year, Latin America benefited from a single very large content management transaction. Excluding this one transaction from the prior year's quarter, the region experienced moderate growth in Q1.  Next, I would like to cover the results from each of our four business segments, Information Storage, Content Management and Archiving, RSA information security and VMware Virtual Infrastructure. Let me remind you, these segments represent the major markets we focus on in IT, the solution sets we bring to customers, and reflect how we run the business.  First, let's take a look at our Information Storage business. Total Storage revenues for Q1 were $2.4 billion, up 8% over Q1 last year. We think this growth is in line with how fast the storage market will grow for the full year, and we believe this percentage growth rate is a little faster than the storage market grew in Q1.  Within the Storage business Symmetrix was down 2% year-on-year against a challenging 10% growth compared to last Q1. CLARiiON revenues were up 9% and bookings continue to grow at double-digit rates. Demands for both products were seasonally normal, and we are maintaining our market leadership as EMC continues to be the vendor of choice in network storage.  Excluding Symmetrix and CLARiiON, growth from all our other storage products was 19%, and I would like to mention a few highlights. As many of you know, recovery management and backup infrastructure consolidation remain a top spending priority with customers. In this business, we enjoyed our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in network and license revenues. We are also seeing strong continued demand for backup-to-disk solutions to further accelerate data recovery.  Our market leading File Virtualization solution, Rainfinity, continues to be a differentiating technology for us, and is gaining strong acceptance in the marketplace. Customers are using Rainfinity to virtualize file systems and move data without disruption, creating more value from their storage investments and reducing TCO. We achieved another quarter of triple-digit revenue growth here.  IT complexity is a constant pain point for customers, as they continue to focus on better ways to manage availability and performance of their mission-critical IT resources.  The EMC Smarts software family provides powerful solutions for managing these complex infrastructures. And Q1 was another quarter of strong double-digit license revenue growth for Smarts.  Along with selling our own solutions, there is a strong case for developing partnerships to proliferate the use of Smarts model-based technology. And we recently announced an agreement with Microsoft, for some of the Smarts technology to be included in a future version of Microsoft System Center Operations Manager and to develop additional technology to be used in conjunction with current and future versions of these products. We expect this to be a very successful collaboration.  Dell continues to represent approximately a third of EMC's CLARiiON revenue this quarter and 14% of our total revenues.  In summary, we believe our strategy of offering customers comprehensive storage solutions with a differentiated value proposition, positions us well to continue to gain share in the storage markets.  Moving to our Content Management and Archiving software business, total revenues were $172 million, up 3% over last year. As we have mentioned on prior quarterly conference calls, most of the license revenue growth rates in CMA can be lumpy, and this is what we experienced in Q1.  Following a very robust Q4, Content Management license revenues declined 18% year-on-year. However, if you normalize these results from some large transactions I already mentioned in Latin America and in Europe in Q1 last year, Content Management license revenues showed more normal seasonality.  CMA maintenance and professional services were up 30% year-on-year, reflecting strong license growth we achieved in 2006. In other developments, yesterday we announced that we are expanding our Documentum D5 product's ability to provide seamless integration with Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007. Working with Microsoft, we'll provide mutual customers with end-to-end Content Management Solutions that will leverage the two companies' combined strengths.  We continue to expect that the Content Management market will grow approximately 13% in 2007, and we're optimistic, we'll post solid results for the year.  Now, let me turn to RSA Information Security business. Revenues in Q1 were $120 million and on a comparable basis, if we'd owned the business last Q1, revenues were up 25%. This helps to accelerate EMC's overall Q1 revenue growth by approximately 470 basis points.  In Q1, the RSA Information Security business attracted over 1,200 new customers. These results reflect in part, the value of the combined EMC and RSA technology portfolios and RSA's sustained strength in the enterprise, where the focus on identity assurance and robust access controls continues to grow.  In addition, the division's consumer identity protection, data security and information and event management solutions also reported strong year-on-year growth.  The main focus of our Security business is to provide information-centric security solutions for customers that enable them to secure the information, secured access to the information and manage the information for compliance and security audits.  Our RSA Information Security business has achieved 25% plus year-on-year growth every quarter we've owned it, which validates the strategic focus to this business and demonstrates strong execution.  In February, we unveiled new RSA security features for the Symmetrix DMX-3, making DMX-3 the most secure high-end storage array in the industry. We plan to continue to introduce stronger authentication, authorization and audit capabilities across entire portfolio to further secure the overall foundation of our customers' information infrastructures.  We continue to believe the security market we address, will grow approximately 17% this year, and we expect to continue take share.  VMware is the leader in x86 virtualization and had another record quarter revenues, up 95% from last year's $256 million. This continuous fast growth is mainly fueled by the rapid expansion of customers using VMware's several products in production environments. In fact, in a recent third-party survey of a 1,000 VMware customers, over 85% said, they were using VMware virtualization products in their production environments.  Clearly, there is very strong interest in the forthcoming partial IPO of VMware, and we believe this offering will provide both EMC and VMware with a number of significant advantages, including unlocking more of VMware's value for EMC shareholders, strengthening VMware's ability to recruit and retain employees through equity, more closely tied to their results and reinforcing EMC's commitments to VMware's open platform strategy.  We plan to file the initial S-1 registration statements with the SEC very soon. And subject to the time needed for the registration statement to be declared effective, we anticipate completing the offering this summer.  In summary, we are pleased with the aggregate revenue results from our business units this quarter. We continue to believe we focus on the right markets, and have the best information infrastructure solutions to help customers address their most critical information management priorities.  Now, turning to rest of the income statements. There are always a number of moving parts between revenues and operating income. So, I'll provide you with a little color and insight.  On a year-on-year basis, gross margins were up 50 basis points. This was a good result, driven principally by the larger contribution of software to the revenue mix. However, hardware margins in the quarter were down, driven by an atypically higher mix of lower-margin storage hardware products. I want to emphasize that Symmetrix and CLARiiON margins were flat year-on-year, and a reduction in hardware margins this quarter was principally a mix-related issue.  Now, taking a look at operating expenses, these were up as a percentage of revenue by 90 basis points from Q1 of '06. This increase was driven by the VMware business, where we are investing for growth and preparing the IPO and the addition of the RSA Security business, which we did not own last year.  Excluding these businesses, operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, were down approximately 190 basis points year-on-year, reflecting good execution in our cost control efforts.  Operating margins were down 40 basis points from last year. Excluding both VMware and Security, operating margins would have been up 50 basis points, and we remained focused on driving improved operating leverage going forward.  During the quarter, we continued to work on our integration plan for EMC to improve efficiencies across the Company's business and reduce costs, whilst helping us to present a more unified One EMC experience to our customers.  We made good progress towards the program this quarter, and we will continue to have a laser focus on our cost base, expense management, and driving operating leverage.  Our Q1 tax rate excluding the one-time benefit was approximately 23%. These benefits were comprised of several resolutions of a number of items from prior years.  Now, let's turn to cash flow and point out some of the additional ways we are working to drive shareholder value. Cash from operating activities in Q1 was $809 million, up 27% from Q1 last year. Driving these improvements was growth in deferred revenues and a benefit from a significant reduction in taxes paid.  Looking at other balance sheet metrics that impact operating cash flow, DSOs were 47 and inventory churns were 6.9. Free cash flow in Q1 was $586 million, up 37% from Q1 last year.  CapEx was $171 million, which is slightly up from last year, and includes our continued investments in VMware's new headquarters, which we anticipate completing this summer. After that we should see declines in CapEx. The software capitalization for the quarter was $52 million.  Now, turning to our use of cash, we continue to believe in share buyback as an effective way to return value to our shareholders. In Q1, we were a little opportunistic and spent $489 million to buy approximately 35 million shares. We've committed to at least $1 billion in share repurchases this year, and this puts us little less than half way towards our target.  The average diluted share count for the quarter was 2.122 billion, down 12% from the average share count from Q1 last year.  In addition to our baseline 2007 share repurchase commitments, we continue to expect the use of proceeds, a portion of the proceeds from the forthcoming VMware IPO towards returning additional value to EMC shareholders, whilst enabling them to retain majority ownership in the strategic EMC business. We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $5.8 billion, up slightly from Q4.  Looking ahead, with our continuing focus for 2007, being our integration, leverage, organic growth, and One EMC, we are on track to achieve the annual targets we set out in January of at least $12.7 billion in revenues and at least $0.64 of earnings per share. The progress we've made towards these goals in Q1 gives us continued confidence in our ability to meet or exceed these targets.  With that, I will turn the call over to Joe. 
Joe Tucci: I would like to start by adding my welcome to all of you participating today's Q1 conference call. Thanks for your interest in EMC.  Overall, I believe Q1 was a solid quarter for EMC. As always seems to be the case in Q1, we got off to a slow start, but we picked up ahead of steam in early March, which propelled us to a very strong close.  I am very proud of how the EMC team has been executing our strategy in driving results, and I want to thank everyone in EMC for their continued hard work.  In Q1, we intensified our focus in execution on our information infrastructure and virtual infrastructure strategies, which were very well received globally by our customers.  I am particularly pleased with the growth and momentum of our international businesses. Especially APJ, which grew 28% year-on-year as our new management team there continues to make progress and gain traction in this important region.  Turning to the IT capital spending outlook for 2007, it is shaping up pretty much as expected. In Q1, we did see a slight caution on IT spending in the North America enterprise segment. And don't get me wrong, I do believe there is still plenty of IT spending going on in the US. The year-on-year increase is not quite as robust as it was last year, year-on-year.  Conversely, in the EMEA and APJ regions we saw an up-tick in IT spending. So overall, we remain optimistic and believe we are on track to meet and hopefully beat our annual revenue, EPS and cash flow targets.  Again, this was pretty consistent with the view we had coming into 2007. So, why do I feel so optimistic about 2007? Well, first and foremost, EMC's strategy, products, and solutions sets are squarely focused on the areas of technologies, where CIO's are increasing their spending year-on-year.  Blending the results of the last several IT spending surveys that you have all seen, these seven technology segments consistently appear in the top ten. For those of you, not viewing the webcast today, they are Virtualization, Storage, Security, Voice over IP, Enterprise 2.0 and Service-Oriented Architectures, Storage and Software as a service, Energy and Data Center Efficiency.  In Virtualization, VMware is consistently mentioned as the virtualization platform of choice. EMC also has industry-leading technology for file virtualization with our Rainfinity products and a network-based SAN Virtualization within Vista.  In Storage, obviously EMC is the clear leader here. And again, we are consistently mentioned in each survey as a company CIO intends to increase spending with.  In Security, EMC is well positioned with RSA. A strong authentication, identity management, encryption, key management and event management are at or near the top in this important technology area.  In Voice over IP, EMC Smarts is winning CIO mindshare as being chosen to manage converged IP networks. In the Enterprise 2.0, Service Oriented Architectures, VMware, Smarts and Documentum have strong positions in place here.  In Storage or Software as a service, we have nothing yet. But stay tuned; we will launch an offering here soon. In the energy and data center efficiency here, with server consolidation, especially when coupled with their powerful VMotion and ControlCenter combination. Also, EMC enjoys a powerful consumption advantage with Symmetrix over other high-end storage systems and our mid-tier products also stack up quite well.  Another fact that gives me confidence in 2007 is the progress we are making on our One EMC initiative. I truly believe our business unit approach to the market in Storage, in Content Management and Archiving, and in Security, blends the important attributes of focus, specialization, with cross-alignment and synchronization in front of customers, while properly controlling costs with shared centers of excellence. And very importantly, our global service organization, which just passed the 10,000 people mark, further unifies the experience our customers have with EMC.  Additionally, what gives me confidence in 2007 is our VMware subsidiary, which as Dave has pointed out, is doing incredibly well. And also as we pointed, out we intend to sell 10% of VMware to the public in initial public offering this summer. We believe this action will help increase excitement around VMware and help assure its continuity to success.  And lastly, I am confident in 2007, because of the strong pipeline of new and exciting products that we have recently launched or will launch over the next eight months. We have today the software, the hardware and the services that will drive next generation disk-based backup/recovery solutions. And we have several more new and innovative products coming in this area.  We have recently and will continue to introduce new storage products that take EMC down market into higher-growth, higher-margin storage segments. Among these new products will be lower-end IP SAN offerings coupled with leading software functionality. And we will continue to introduce lower-end, all-in-one appliances that are hallmarked by superior price performance, ease of use and rich software functionality. And we will launch timely product refreshes of our major storage platforms.  EMC's product cycles have been fast than our competitors. They have been running 30 months between product refreshes. We have been running anywhere between 16 and 24 months for product refreshes. We know when our competitors will refresh next, and we will be right there.  In short, 2007 is the year of focus, integration and execution for EMC.  With that, I will turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A portion of today's call. Tony? 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Joe. Before we open up the line for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try to limit yourself to one question, including clarification. This will enable us to take many questions as possible. So, thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Laurie, can we open up the lines for questions please? 
Operator: Yes, thank you. At this time, we are ready to begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Our first question comes from Laura Conigliaro with Goldman Sachs. Ma'am, your line is open. 
Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs: Great. Last quarter, you did talk about historical seasonality in order to give us a better sense of possibilities for the March quarter. If we extrapolate that, what you’ve just reported to the full year, we do get numbers that are nicely higher than the $12.7 billion target, granted you got a plus 9 after that. Is there some reason why we should be thinking that your seasonality will be noticeably different this year? 
David Goulden: Laura, this is David. I think the seasonality will be in a fairly typical range. I think, if you look at what we told you last time, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, we did point out a few other things that helped us here, in Q1 a little bit in the currency, the large transaction, which we talked about in APJ. You need to factor those in and look into the overall year. 
Tony Takazawa: All right. Next question please. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers with A.G. Edwards. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Yeah thanks guys, congratulations on a good quarter. I guess my question is on the operating expense side. It looks like in the first time for more than two years actually OpEx has come down. So my question is, what type of leverage can we think about in this model? And maybe set the stage for that by any update in terms of the 1,350 employees taken out of the company, how far are we on that and what OpEx structure looks like over the next several quarters? 
Joe Tucci: I am going to turn that over to David. Aaron, this is Joe. I just want to say that, as we've said many times, we are incredibly focused on gaining leverage in controlling our operating expenses throughout EMC. But it is the major focus and it will continue to be a major focus, and that's why we are getting the results. And Dave, you can elaborate on the question a little more? 
David Goulden: Yeah to give you a bit of color, Aaron, I'd say the one benefit here of the business unit focus is we really are able to look at the businesses and look at the expense ratios for each one quite carefully and manage that way as well as manage on a consolidated basis. You saw the improvement that we've made year-on-year when you pull out VMware and Security.  Relative to the restructuring program, I don't want to give you a specific number, but I'll tell you that we're about a third of the way through that in terms of the overall targets that we've set for ourselves, albeit, clearly those were coming in towards the end of the quarter. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Thank you very much. 
Joe Tucci: Thank you, Aaron. Next question please? 
Operator: Yes. Dan Renouard with Robert Baird, you may ask your question? 
Dan Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Hi. Thank you. I wonder if you could give us some insight on the reference to the hardware gross margin, you referenced mix and Symmetrix there and CLARiiON being flat year-on-year. Maybe you can just give us a little bit more detail there in terms of what drove gross margin? Do you view it as a one-time or how would you view that gross margin for the products that are playing out through the year? Thanks. 
David Goulden: Yeah, Dan, certainly. What I wanted to do is, clearly once you look at the numbers and get a little bit beneath the covers and do the kind of analysis that you will do looking at our services margins and taking software 80% or 85% and back into hardware. You would see that the hardware margins were down, which is what I wanted to point out to you. What I wanted to make sure is that you understood the reason for that. Obviously, margins can be down for a couple of reasons. If they are down because of basically pricing and margin compression for a single product line, that's a tough thing to recover from. And that's why I pointed out that's not the case for Sym and CLARiiON.  So, this quarter typically a little bit of an atypically high mix of some of the lower margin products, some of the third party products that EMC resales Connectrix, and a few of those partially driven by the way that the quarter panned out from a bookings point of view. But also in terms some of the backlog changes that we carried from Q4 into this year or kind of drove that slightly a typically high mix. So, we do believe that during the year that mix will improve. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Dan. Next question please. 
Operator: Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers, you may ask your question. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Joe you ran through the list of spending priorities and how EMC matches up with that. On the stay-tuned part of the software and service, you indicated you are going to launch the new product there. I wanted to tie that with your acquisition strategy. Last quarter you basically said, you're done with major acquisitions, do you still stand by that and therefore should we expect software and service primarily as an organic growth vehicle? 
Joe Tucci: I think, Harry, the first part is what we were saying is, when you think of the backup recovery space and you think of the archiving space, we will have an alternative to customers rather than say, here is your hardware, here is your software, here is your services. We can charge by the drip and we will host all that for you on one of our premises and one of our partner premises.  So that's what the service will look like. Those are the areas we'll be focusing on. In terms of how much we do ourselves, how much we do with partners and how much we do by getting a jump start, by doing a not huge but smaller acquisition that’s something I still want to keep to ourselves. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Harry. Next question please. 
Operator: Shebly Seyrafi with Caris, you may ask your question. 
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Yes. Thank you very much. So last quarter, you talked about a typical percentage of annual revenue for the next quarter. Looking at the last three years, your Q2 has ranged between 23.7% of annual revenue and 24.3%. I am wondering if you could say that's a typical type of expectation you expect for the June quarter as well, and using the high-end of that range will imply about $3.1 billion. 
Joe Tucci: This is Joe. I am going to take David off the hook. So maybe, you guys can do the math as well as we can and we try to get to you. We said that we expect this year to have fair seasonality. We stick by that statement, and you guys can do the math and come to your own conclusions. 
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Okay. 
Tony Takazawa: Next question please? 
Operator: Paul Mansky with Citigroup, you may ask your question. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Great, thank you. I guess without trying to put you on the hold for any type of specific guidance on Q2, which obviously you are not providing. But maybe if you could just talk about trends that you have seen exiting the quarter and entering the new quarter on a geographic basis that we have seen continued softness in the US enterprise, Europe still continuing to show some strength as well as APJ on a normalized basis? 
Joe Tucci: Well, obviously, I had it pretty much wrapped up in my remarks. When I say softness in the US enterprise, what I am saying is, again, the year-on-year growth is definitely what we are seeing so far less than it was, say in 2005 and going into 2006. So, we will see if that continues or not.  And conversely, we do see the international markets year-on-year spending increasing. And overall balance, we think we are setup for that. I think the real opportunity for us is going to come in focusing down market. Clearly, those markets are growing faster than high-end or mid-tier storage, and clearly the margins are better there. When you get into the big accounts everything is a beauty contest with a bake-off and obviously, the companies use their size to get better pricing.  So, it's a great part of the market, and we are just starting now to come out with our new product sets. And I think executing well on this is going to be a good opportunity for us going through the year. And that goes across all our markets and of course, that's where we got to invest in our channels and where we got to invest and continue to build out our lower-cost sales force. Well, that falls on Bill Teuber's shoulders now. And as we do that well, I think that's one of the things we are looking for. So, I think the geographic picture you've got. And I think I wanted to put in where we think if we execute well with the products suites we have coming out, it can be opportunity for us. 
Paul Mansky - Citigroup: Thank you for that. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Paul. Next question please? 
Operator: Yes. Ben Reitzes with UBS, you may ask your question. 
Ben Reitzes - UBS: Yeah, thanks. Dave, could you talk a little bit more about free cash flow? According to my calculations, I am seeing about $0.28 in the quarter, something in that range, double EPS. Free cash flow was an issue for you guys last year. It was little lumpy, and for a few quarters it was below EPS. It looks like you really got on the right track here. Can you talk about how free cash flow is looking this year, vis-à-vis your GAAP EPS estimate of $0.64? 
David Goulden: Yeah, Ben, first of all, as I am sure you picked up from our comments on the call this morning and some of the things that we put in the proxy statements as well, free cash flow is a major focus for us this year. Up and down in the company, we've laid a focus upon it. We are looking at all the things that drive it. And we would certainly expect this years free cash flow to grow faster than EPS will grow. I don't want to range that, but certainly we are looking to have faster growth on free cash flow.  I would say when you point out Q1, and I would kind of agree with your math in terms of calculating the per share calculation. Obviously, we do have the benefit from a significant reduction in taxes paid compared to last year. But even without that, it was a very healthy growth. 
Ben Reitzes - UBS: Thanks a lot. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Ben. Next question please? 
Operator: Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley, you may ask your question. 
Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Joe, you talked about VMware as a driver of server virtualization. But how does that then impact the need for network storage? Many CIOs are talking about the need to step up the percentage of servers attached to storage over the next several years and we would just love your insights. 
Joe Tucci: Well, first of all, I hate to categorize. So, I think we are doing VMware to server, so we categorize it only as server virtualization. This is a platform, which virtualizes anything related to the X86 platform. But that being said; you are right, [we chose] a lot for server virtualization. And when that happens, you pretty much have to have network storage. Each of the virtual machines or each of the physical machines or virtual machines has its own storage. That storage has got to be pooled, which means networked. So obviously, that's a good trend for us.  As you know, we work for VMware openly, and they have other storage partners, which as sitting over both companies, I encourage. Because I think making this a ubiquitous open platform is the best for us. But it does absolutely positively favor network storage and of course, that's where we have a 100% of our focus. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Katie. Next question please? 
Operator: Yes. Toni Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein, you may ask your question. 
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: Yes, thank you. Can you comment on your buyback? It sounds like your provision for this year of $1 billion would allow room for $500 million according to your current plan. That seems particularly light, given proceeds from VMware that are likely to be $1 billion or more and your expectation that cash flow is going to be a lot higher than EPS. Can you comment on your willingness to go above the billion and update us on what you believe is the required gross cash required to run the business? 
David Goulden: I'm sorry a couple of questions in there. First of all just to be clear, I did say in my remarks that over and above the $1 billion minimum target we will look at returning some of the IPO proceeds to shareholders, potentially in the form of buyback, although we haven't finalized just that. So as we get close to the IPO, we can update people of our intentions. Obviously as we get more feeling for pricing ranges and value and cash inflows, etcetera.  And then just to reiterate what we said about the cash we need to run the business as we look forward into 2007. That number is about $4 billion and it's made up of about $2 billion of cash. It is essentially certainly trapped a little bit in our overseas operations, $1 billion of flow we need to run the U.S. business, and then just about a $1 billion of cushion. So we really need about $4 billion, certainly the level I feel comfortable to keep the business operating. And then as I said, we will basically update the buyback outlooks when we get closer to the IPO. 
Tony Takazawa: Good morning. Next question please. 
Operator: Tom Curlin with RBC Capital Markets, you may ask your question. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon. On the recent announcements with Microsoft and Cisco, are we to take this as your strategy on service desk and support is simply to partner with Microsoft or will you do some similar things with companies like BMC or perhaps on your own from a service desk perspective? And also if that fits into your application management strategy, is it solely a Microsoft strategy, or is that a heterogeneous approach? 
Joe Tucci: It will be more heterogeneous. Obviously we've done several things here. Most of that will be Microsoft, some with Cisco as you notice. That's primarily in the management space more than the service desk space. So I don't think we have done anything exclusive at all in the service desk space. So stay tuned, we'll continue to build out an open platform work with many companies. 
Tom Curlin - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Tom, next question please. 
Operator: Bill Shope with JP Morgan, you may ask your question. 
Bill Shope - JP Morgan: Okay thanks. Joe in the past, you have stated that you've refreshed products on the 12 to 18 months cycle, and it sounds like you reiterated that with your opening comments. Can you clarify where we stand with the Symmetrix business on this time-table particularly since we have had a few minor refreshes since the last major refresh? Just wondering where we start and looking at that 12 to 18 months time-table and whether or not that holds for the Sym business at least at this point in time? 
Joe Tucci: Bill. Obviously, I know that answer. At least, you would hope that I would not answer, and I do. But I think, I just work against myself. What I wanted to get out there is, we have a pretty good handle on when the next round of major refreshes are in the high end. Obviously we just we've not longer refreshed our high end mid-tier, if you will, or mid-tier, higher end mid-tier. We know when our competitors in other words HDS, Hitachi and IBM will refresh, we'll have a good idea.  Let's put it that way. And what I said, I'll stick with this. We are going to be very timely with our refresh. We will not be at a disadvantage, and I really said there are a lot of opportunities going to come as we come out with the next phase of CLARiiON and Celerra products, which go down market. And I think, there's massive opportunity there. So, more than that I don't want to say, because you do end up working against yourself. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Bill. We have time for one more question. 
Operator: Thank you our final question comes from Kevin Hunt with Thomas Weisel Partners. Sir, your line is open. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. Couple, one clarification you mentioned on linearity. You kind of said the quarter started off slow, but then finished stronger. Was that a function of -- obviously you have software now a much bigger part of the mix. So, should we expect that that's going to be sort of the way things go going forward? 
Joe Tucci: I hope not. I hope we can improve it a little bit, because we dig it off to a later than normal start. As I said, it just seems that every year I have been here Q4 was kind of a great calendarization and good place to do it. It seems rather easy in every Q1. We have to work a lot harder and I guess that's because we sell so much in Q4. The customers go through bit of an install cycle. But we have to work that. I think again, having more products to go down market. And working comp plans and everything else that we are looking at with our sales force to see if we can do, the kind of incentive, our customers on our sales force to pull orders is going to be in our benefit. Because obviously doing it the other way forces us to have higher inventory levels. And of course as David said, we are incredibly focused on free cash flow this year and that's a tremendous opportunity ahead of us.  So, we've got to work those issues, and Kevin, we are not at all happy where we are. But I just wanted to give you a little bit history there to. So, you can tamper everything I said together and come to your own conclusion.  Anyway, in final comments I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We think we are off to a good start. We believe we're very well positioned. In 2007, a lot of exciting product announcements, the VMware IPO is exciting, and thank you for your attention and we will keep you updated as always. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. The conference has concluded. Please disconnect at this time. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-23 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Tony Takazawa - VP   Joe Tucci - Chairman, President, CEO   David Goulden - CFO   Bill Teuber - Vice Chairman   Frank Hauck - EVP of Global Marketing and Customer Quality 
Analysts: Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs   Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein   Bill Shope - J.P. Morgan   Shebly Seyrafi - Caris   Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards   Keith Bachman - Banc of America   Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns   Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan   Dan Renouard - Robert W. Baird   Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers   Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Today's conference is being recorded, if you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.  Now, I would like to turn the meeting over to Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Global Investor Relations. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Sherry. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2006. Today, we are joined by Joe Tucci, EMC's Chairman, President, and CEO; David Goulden, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bill Teuber, Vice Chairman, and Frank Hauck, Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and Customer Quality.  We will go through a few prepared remarks this morning, and then after those remarks we will open up the lines to take your questions. Today's slides contain important information that is necessary to understand our results and commentary. So, we strongly encourage you to view them on EMC's website at EMC.com. An archive of this audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call. As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.  In addition, all of the numbers we discuss today will be presented on a GAAP basis, unless otherwise indicated. We are focusing on the GAAP numbers in an effort to simplify the discussion for you. For those of you interested in analyzing the non-GAAP numbers, we continue to provide a schedule in the press release that will help you adjust the GAAP results for stock options, restricted stock, and amortization expenses. And we would like to point out that David is a bit under the weather this morning. But I am going to hand it over to David right now. So David. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
David Goulden: Thanks Tony and good morning. Unfortunately, I have been under the weather. As you see here I completely lost my voice. So I am going to save a little voice I do have for Q&A, and I have asked Bill Teuber to take you through my prepared remarks this morning. Thank you. 
Bill Teuber: Thanks David. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am going to walk you through our Q4 and 2006 financial results, and then our business outlook for 2007. Looking across our business, we are very pleased with our Q4 performance. We had strong bookings quarter and achieved the seasonally normal increase in backlog in Q4. Let me go through the numbers in more detail. The Q4 revenues were a record $3.215 billion, up 19% from Q4 last year, and $55 million higher than our guidance on the Q3 earnings call. I will say, the new security division of EMC added approximately 5 percentage points of growth this quarter.  Q4 GAAP earnings per share were $0.18. This includes a restructuring charge of $0.06, $0.05 of tax benefits from audits from prior years, and $0.02 of tax benefits from a catch-up in the tax rate for the first three quarters of 2006. I will discuss these adjustments in more detail later. Excluding the restructuring charge and tax benefits, Q4 EPS were $0.17 or $0.02 higher than our guidance on the Q3 earnings call. This $0.02 improvement is comprised of approximately $0.01 from a lower tax rate in Q4 than the 26% we estimated, plus some favorable impact from the financing we completed in Q4 and approximately $0.01 from better operating results.  For 2006, revenues were a record $11.155 billion, up 15% over the $9.664 billion we reported in 2005. EMC's new security division added approximately 1 percentage point of growth for the year. As shown in the slide in front of you, 2006 GAAP earnings per share were $0.54, up 15% over GAAP reported earnings for 2005. Excluding one-time IPR&D, tax and restructuring items, 2006 EPS was also $0.54. This is 35% higher than the $0.40 achieved in 2005, after adjusting 2005 GAAP EPS of $0.47 for stock option expense and removing one-time IPR&D, tax and restructuring items.  We are pleased Q4 ended the year on a high note, with a pickup off of a strong Q3. We believe this momentum in our business bodes well for us as we head into 2007. Turning to a closer look at our Q4 revenue results, revenue growth of 19% for the quarter was clearly very strong, and we saw solid contributions from all business areas.  Starting with our corporate revenue mix; in Q4 our systems revenues were up 12%, software revenues were up 27%, and service revenues were up 20% compared to the prior years fourth quarter. With the full year 2006, systems revenues were up 15%, software was up 20% and services were up 10% compared to 2005. Our product and service revenue mix as a percent of total revenue for the full year was 46% systems, 38% software and 16% services.  Turning to our geographic results for Q4, we are pleased to report we had double-digit growth in all full of our major core geographies. North American revenues were very solid, up 18% year-over-year. Demand in North America continues to be strong, especially in the commercial marketplace. EMEA revenues were also very strong up 22% with good balance across the major countries and regions.  APJ revenues were up 13% from last year and up 16% sequentially from Q3. As we indicated earlier in the year, growth in APJ has improved throughout 2006 and we were optimistic about our forward momentum in this important marketplace, and Latin American revenues were up 14%.  With the year, we are pleased we achieved solid double-digit growth in North America, EMEA and Latin America and made significant strides to improve the performance of our Asia-Pacific region.  Next, I would like to cover the revenue results from our four business segments, Information Storage, Content Management and Archive, Information Security and VMware Virtual Infrastructure. These segments represent the major markets we focus within IT, the solution sets we bring the customers and reflect how we run the business.  Going forward, this is the primary way we will be discussing our results with you. First, let's take a look at our Information Storage business, which is defined on the slide in front of you. Total storage revenues for Q4 were $2.67 billion, up 9% over Q4 last year and up 9% for the full year over 2005. Within the Storage business, EMC's Symmetrix revenues were up 4% over Q4 last year and were up 8% in 2006. This is the strongest annual growth rate we have had in our high-end storage systems since 2000. Confirming our leadership position, with our new DMX-3 systems in representing share gains in 2006.  EMC CLARiiON revenues were up 18% over Q4 last year and up 13% over 2005. We achieved strong share gains in the mid-tier storage market throughout the second half of the year on the back of our CLARiiON CX3 launch in May. We are quite confident, we also gained share in the mid-tier storage market for the year.  Now I would like to highlight a few other areas of interest within the storage business. In the backup space, EMC network or licensed revenues were up 14% for the quarter and 10% for the year and a market we believe is growing mid single digits. This is another area where we were gaining share.  The EMC's Smarts resource management software product family continues to perform extremely well. Q4 was another strong quarter and license revenue growth for this product family was up over 100% for the full year. The traction we are seeing in model based management is excellent and we are very excited about the growth opportunities here.  The EMC's Rainfinity File Virtualization software continues have great acceptance in the market with triple-digit Q4 revenue growth. During the quarter we also saw great reception in the marketplace for EMC's RecoverPoint software, a new product we recently announced as a result of the acquisition of Kashya, RecoverPoint provides comprehensive data recovery were ahead over genius storage environment. Recently, our Infoscape product won a 2007 Technology of the Year Award for best data classification solution from InfoWorld magazine. Infoscape, helps customers automate a number of ILM test, thereby mitigating risk and reducing storage cost. This technology leverages the investments EMC has made in software technologies, including the acquisitions of Smarts, Legato and Documentum, and we are very proud of this recognition for our technology innovation.  Dell continues to represent approximately one-third of CLARiiON revenues and 15% of our total revenues in this quarter.  Turning to our Content Management and Archiving business defined on this slide in front of you, total revenues for this business in Q4 were $203 million, up 43% over last year and up 42% for the full year resulted in record revenues for both periods. We also had very strong software license bookings in Q4.  In Q3 we told you that we had a couple of large enterprise content management opportunities that did not close by the end of the quarter and that we expected those deals to close in Q4. We are pleased that all these orders came through as expected across many other multimillion dollar transactions in the quarter. Among the highlights in the quarter, we are an all time record number of large deals over million dollars and a record number of total sales transactions. Also EMC Documentum had its largest transaction ever, this was with a major financial services firm. Content Management and Archiving software license revenues were up over 40% in 2006. In this market we gained a lot of share in our strategic acquisitions helped to accelerate our growth and expand our market presence.  Now, let me turn to RSA, the new security division of EMC. Revenues in Q4 were $114 million, since we announced the acquisition of RSA at the end of June, bookings have accelerated in a very strong order -- with very strong order momentum in Q4. On a year-over-year comparable basis, Q4 revenues of $114 million were up 26%. In 2006 revenues of $119 million were up also to 26%. The growth -- this rate of growth demonstrates the robust opportunity for our new security products and services.  During the quarter, RSA added 2000 new customers, a significant increase over the division's previous record. RSA's consumer protection solutions were chosen by 3500 new and existing customers in 2006 as a result of federal guidelines with stronger authentication practices in online banking and concerns over credit card fraud and identity theft.  Focused on identity assurance access control and key management in encryption continues to grow throughout the enterprise and we are very optimistic about the momentum we experience in this business.  VMware had another outstanding quarter and a fantastic 2006. Total revenues were $232 million, up 101% in Q4 and up 83% in 2006. For the year, the VMware eclipsed the $700 million revenue mark. VMware's revenue growth accelerated each quarter in 2006, reflecting growing customer acceptance and trust and the compelling value proposition provided by VMware's virtual infrastructure. VMware continues to receive important recognition for its broad portfolio of virtualization products.  In November, Pacific Gas and Electric in California announced the first ever utility financial and center programs to support virtualization products and projects and data centers. Under this program, customers can earn a rebate of up to $4 million for using VMware technology to reduce energy consumption. Also, VMware recently received the InfoWorld Technology of the Year Award for the best server virtualization solution in the hardware virtualization category for the third year in a row. As VMware prepares to celebrate its 9th anniversary this month, we are very proud of their accomplishments.  In 2006, we achieved solid growth and market share gains in each of our four business units. We are focused on the right markets and we believe EMC is poised for continued success as we deliver strong information infrastructure solutions to customers to address their critical IT priorities.  Before moving on, I would like to make one housekeeping comment. Today, I have just walked you through our four business segments, each aligned with our target markets. This is the way we are running and measuring our business and this is the way we will discuss our business with you on a going-forward basis. As you can see, this break up makes a lot more sense in terms of analyzing EMC, and gives you a good view of the key drivers in our business.  Starting with Q1, we will no longer be providing the supplementary revenue data in the old format. To help you with your analysis going forward, we have provided eight quarters of this new segment data so that you can analyze EMC on the same basis we are analyzing ourselves.  In addition to total revenues for each of the four segments, we will also provide color on key product lines, especially within storage, as we did today. Of course, we will continue to provide you with revenue profiles showing our corporate mix, i.e., that is total system software and services, as well as our geographic mix.  Turning now to the rest of the income statement, consolidated gross margin for the quarter was 54.1%, up 140 basis points from Q3 '06. Service margins were up 80 basis points and product margins were up 160 basis points. Taking a closer look at product margins, the increased was driven principally by volume, but also helped by mix.  Our operating income margin in Q4, excluding onetime items, was 14.5%, this was up 160 basis points in Q3 '06, also excluding onetime item. During the quarter, EMC finalized and accelerated integration plan for EMC in most of the 22 acquisitions we have made over the past three years. We recognized the pre-tax restructuring charge of a $167 million or $0.06 per diluted share. This includes the $175 million charge, we discussed on the Q3 conference call, partially offset by some adjustments to restructuring charges we have taken in the past.  Final consolidation plan affects approximately 1350 employees and eliminates excess facilities and other contracts. The plan will improve efficiencies across the company's business and reduce cost while helping us to provide a more unified one EMC experience to our customers.  Turning to the tax section, there are a lot of moving parts this quarter and it's incredibly complicated. I would like to attempt to walk you through the detail and doing so, I refer you to the slide in front of you and we can cover any questions that you have in Q&A.  Q4, we had a net tax benefit of $77 million, which equated to an effective tax rate of negative 25%. Excluding the tax impact of the $0.06 restructuring charge, which I explained earlier and excluding $0.05 or $112 million of onetime tax benefits related to prior years, our Q4 taxes were $73 million or an effective tax rate of 15.2%. The $0.05 of onetime tax benefits from prior years has comprised primarily favorable resolutions of income tax audit in several European countries and the US from periods through 2004.  Q4 taxes also included a $42 million or $0.02 catch-up in our tax rate, related to the first three quarters of this year. This resulted from re-enactment of the R&D tax credit and changes in our domestic international income mix. Adjusting for all these items, our Q4 tax rate was 24%. Important to note that while we are not including the $0.02 catch-up in our normalized view of Q4 EPS of $0.17, we are including it in our normalized view of 2006 EPS of $0.54, because it does relate to the first three quarters of the year.  Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the year with cash and investments of $5.6 billion, up slightly from Q3. November, we successfully completed a convertible debt transaction with net proceeds of approximately $3.4 billion to pay down the $2.2 billion short-term credit facility used to fund the purchase of RSA Security. On the embedded call option overlay and repurchased $946 million of EMC shares. In addition to these funds, we spent an incremental $244 million bringing our aggregate buyback in Q4 to $1.2 billion, which were used to purchase 95 million shares.  For the year, we exceeded our repurchase goal by deploying approximately $3.8 billion to repurchase 302 million shares and retire a $125 million of convertible debt. This concentrated effort, effectively utilized the cash resources to reduce share count. In Q4 '06, the ending share count was [2.122 billion] down 11% from the ending share count in Q4 '05.  In 2007 we are committed to spending at least $1 billion on our stock repurchase programs. We continue to believe in share buybacks, as an effective way to return value to our shareholders and had an outstanding buyback that was -- in having an outstanding buyback authorization of 140 million shares at the end of 2006. So far this year, we've already purchased 20 million shares.  In 2007 we will also continue to use cash for tuck-in acquisitions and to maintain a healthy balance sheet.  Turning back to Q4, we spent approximately $155 million on the Avamar acquisition. DSOs came in at 48 days flat over Q4 of last year. Inventory was $835 million down about $60 million from Q3. As we expected, turns improved from 5.9 to 7 in Q4, more in line where we aimed to drive the business.  CapEx for the quarter was 212 million and 718 million for the year, with our One EMC IT initiatives and various facility projects being the major contributors for the year.  Now turning to our financial guidance for 2007, as we indicated in our press release, we are making a change to our practice of the last few years and moving to annual financial guidance. Our decision to move the annual guidance is based on our viewpoint that the company and its investors should focus on EMC achieving strong annual performance, clearly with a continued view towards quarterly progress, but with year-on-year performance, that's the real benchmark for success.  With our focus for 2007 being on integration, leverage, organic growth, and One EMC, there are fewer moving parts. But it's more reasonable to provide guidance on an annual basis. Of course, each quarter, we will continue to provide both data and color on how the business is performing, and let you know how we are tracking against our annual targets.  In 2007, our view is that IT spending will continue to be robust. We are well positioned to some of the best growth markets in IT today. We will continue to be one of our customers' most trusted technology partners and we are confident in our ability to continue to show strong results in each of these four markets.  For 2007, we expect EMC's revenues to be at least to $12.7 billion, representing 14% growth over 2006 and also representing growth at or above the projected market growth rate in each of our four business segments.  We expect our quarter revenue progression in 2007 to follow normal seasonal patterns. This means a typical progression of revenues throughout the year with Q1 being seasonally lower than Q -- than the prior Q4, Q2 being a step up from Q1, Q3 having broadly similar revenues to Q2, and Q4 being the strongest revenue quarter.  Since this is our transition quarter to annual guidance, to give you a starting point in the last three years, Q1 revenues have been between 22.7% and 23.2% of annual revenues. Achieving operating income leverage, there is a major focus for 2007 in addition to our One EMC restructuring program, we have several other initiatives queued up during the year to help drive efficiencies.  For 2007, we expect EMC's GAAP EPS to be at least $0.64 representing 19% growth over 2006 EPS of $0.54. We expect the tax-rate to be in the mid 20%, including the benefit from the recently reintroduced R&D credit. We expect the impact for stock-option expensing to be approximately $0.09 in 2007 and acquisition, amortization will be approximately $0.07.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Joe. 
Joe Tucci: Thanks Bill. And let me add my welcome for all of you who have joined us for today's conference call. As always, thank you for your interest in EMC. I was proud of EMC's overall performance in Q4, without a doubt it was a solid quarter for us. A quarter that marked a strong finish to what I believe was a successful 2006. But to be totally candid, 2006 was also somewhat disappointing due to the inconsistent quarterly performance.  While we grew revenues 14% year-over-year, excluding security and normalized EPS grew 35% in 2006 over 2005, our execution was choppy and not up to EMC standards. 2006 was the year of two distinctly different halves. In Q1, our performance was barely adequate, we follow that up with a clear miss in Q2. In the second half of 2006, EMC came to life, and without a doubt Q3 and Q4 were strong by any measure. And very importantly, we believe this positive momentum and energy that we built up in the second half of the year will propel us to a successful 2007, and that success will be brought by consistent performance. Bill did a good job of covering and commenting on Q4, in 2006, so let me jump right into 2007.  For EMC, 2007 will be a year where we focus and execute on our core information infrastructure strategy, products and solutions. And over year, we focus and execute on a deeper integration in our development centers of our products and technologies, coupled with a deeper integration of our marketing, sales, support and services organization that bring these information infrastructure products and solutions to our customers and prospective customers. 2007 will be a year, we continue to focus and execute on a great success and massive opportunity, around VMware. And 2007 will be a year, we focus and execute on consolidating our backlog and support capabilities across of all of EMC. Collectively this focus coupled with crisp execution will give us more purpose and fire power in front of our customers, and help our integrated share of the 2007 IT spend, enhancing their customer satisfaction with EMC as a whole, while giving us some more efficient cost structure, assuring that 2007 will be EMC's year. To assure we attain this level of integration, focus and execution, it is our intention to not acquire any large companies in 2007. Obviously, if a great opportunity comes along, that is highly accretive and been highly beneficial to EMC and its shareholders, we would reconsider, but as I speak today, I can unequivocally state, that we have no large acquisitions planned. It is our expectation over, we will continue to enhance our product offerings and gain time to market and execute on several tuck-in acquisitions, much like we did last year with Avamar, Kashya and Network Intelligence.  When I look out on to 2007, everything I read and listen to points to a solid global economy. Forecast for IT spending predict an increase of approximately 6% over 2006, pretty close towards the increase in IT spend was in 2006 over 2005. Even better news for EMC is that, we are clearly participating in several of the hottest IT market segments. Segments that rank as top IT spending priorities in CIO survey, after CIO survey. These top 2007 IT spending priorities include Virtualization, Storage, Security, Content Management and Archive and Energy/Data Center efficiencies, all of which are right in EMC's wheel house. Again, I repeat the statement I made earlier, EMC has never been better positioned. Capitalize on the opportunities and ensure both specialization and focus along with consistency, we have organized EMC into four business units: Storage, Content Management and Archive, Security and VMware.  Those of you viewing today's presentation on the web, you can see the products and services that make up each of these business units. And as Bill noted, we will also report to you on each of these business units. EMC through this four business units is well positioned in large IT market segments. Collectively, we believe the target market for EMC in total will be approximately $60 billion in size this year. We expect to be number one in this market with slightly over a 20% share. Being number one is great, but having more than $45 billion of upside market opportunity is simply fantastic.  Let's examine each of our four major segments, and how we are organized around them. Let's start with our storage business. Expectations for the storage market to grow almost 8% in 2007 to approximately $50 billion in size. EMC is very well positioned in storage market for 2007 in fact, we are in the best shape we have been in sometime now. We have the broadest portfolio of hardware and software products with industry leading functionality and performance. We invest the most in R&D, and virtually all the intellectual property involved is our own. Our storage hardware lineup boosts the best environmentals, and we have a clear security advantage. You will be hearing a lot more about this later in Q1 in an announcement will be making.  We firmly believe, we have a considerable advantage based on our industry-leading quality ratings. In fact, even in the mid-tier space, we have been able to achieve [5 9's] availability, something no other competitor has been able to achieve. Coupled this -- coupled the superb quality with EMC's renowned service organization that sets a very high bar for our competitors.  In 2007, we also have a very robust product refresh cycle, and we will also announce a long list of new features and functionality. And finally, we are extremely well positioned to capitalized on a major opportunity that is before us, namely next generation back-up and recovery with our industry leading back-up-to–disk hardware and software products and solutions. And just to put one other issue to bed, we did declare GA, and we had revenue in our 4 gig SIM in Q4.  Our next business unit is Content Management Archive. In 2007, the CMA market is expected to grow 13% over last year to approximately $4.6 billion in size. In fact, in each of the last three years, we grew our contact management business faster than any other major player. Bill mentioned many of our achievements in this space during Q4 and 2006. Well what gives me a great comfort here going forward is the fact that we have the broadest product portfolio, we have two differentiation with our unified enterprise contact management architecture, we have embedded many technology elements for this broader product portfolio into other great EMC products. A terrific example is with our award winning product Infoscape. And very importantly we have a significant new product launch scheduled for the first half of '07. That will represent a big leap forward in the enterprise content management industry.  Our next business unit is security. And to capitalize on a strong brand recognition of RSA is, this business unit will be bear the RSA name. We have firm plans in place to leverage this technology in our other products and with customers. In my many conversations with customers, they know that their future successes depend on how well they manage information. But fortunately they are also learning daily that they cannot secure what they can't manage. EMC's information -- infrastructure vision of storing, protecting, optimizing, and leveraging information allows customers to both manage and secure their information. Truly securing information requires securing the data itself, the people that access the data and the transactions that can connect to them. This is why we firmly believe, RSA is such an important part of our competitive advantage.  The security software market we address is expected to grow 17% this year to approximately $4.4 billion. We have a robust stable of products, including token-based ID managements, which represent a very predictable double-digit growth opportunity for us. Risk-based identity management authentication is even harder. It is white hot right now. Most banks for instance are requiring strong authentication or two-factor authentication to sign on to their applications. We are also building this authentication in to many EMC products. The same with encryption. We are building it into appliances and into EMC storage products. And since customers are going to encrypt on a variety of different platforms at different times, the core requirement around encryption is robust, centralized key management, and the RSA product excels here. And lastly, we offer security event management, software and appliances to help customers track and assure that their security policies remain compliant.  Further demonstrating the power of the RSA security plan, I am pleased to note that the RSA security conference, which is the Global Security Conference event, will take place on February 5 through 9th in San Francisco, and we already have 15,000 registered attendees.  Our last business unit is VMware. VMware continues to be the undisputed leader in the market for X86 virtualization. The VMware's 2006 year-over-year growth was 86%, and Q4 growth was a 101%. And I am confident that VMware will finish 2007 with over $1 billion in revenues. We have great product momentum. In 2006 VMware received 30 awards for innovation and product excellence, this included eWEEK's award for being one of the 25 most influential products over the past 25 years.  VMware Infrastructure 3 shipped in June of 2006 and has already been broadly accepted. In Q4 of '06, VMware Lab Manager, a product enables automation and self service for test and development environments was launched. We also launched VMware's Desktop Initiative. VDI uses virtualization to provide full desktop, server hosting, for centralized management and security in a way never possible before.  A recent virtualization market survey by IDC showed 76% of companies are adopting or are planning to adopt X86 virtualization in the next 12 months. This past year free VMware player and free VMware server had 1.9 million and 1.2 million downloads respectively further broadening the market for virtualization. We are dedicated for VMware's community source model, where we will continue to proudly partner with the vast majority of the industry's leading technology companies.  In closing, I would like to reiterate that we believe that the strategic moves we have made over this part few years, puts us in a great position for 2007 and beyond. And now let me turn it over to Tony to handle the Q&A portion of today's call. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Joe. Sherry, can we open up the lines for questions please? 
Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs: Yes, thank you. You have got a number of programs in place to the designs to help earnings, even apart from revenue growth. For example, you have already about $0.035 from doing that convert that you referred to, which was never really rolled to into street numbers post that deal, and you never quantified your one EMC program beyond the actual people related layoff, that how much that could save in '07 and '08. when we put all this together, isn't your at least $0.64 target number already extremely low and maybe you can help us with some of those savings. 
Joe Tucci: Lets us see if David wants to comment or Bill wants to comment on any more specifics here Laura. What we have done is, we have said at least $0.64, we have said at least $12.7 billion, so it is obviously our goal to beat those numbers, but on the other side we want to make sure, that we have put out good targets and targets that we think are realistic, and as you have seen, I think 19% to 20% growth on the bottom line is positive and obviously we will work everyday to beat that number. 
David Goulden: Laura, I will try to add, actually I want, but cant start talking. 
Joe Tucci: Well, obviously Laura, there is some impact from our side is $0.03 impact next year on a GAAP basis now. So obviously that impacts some of the positives that you see there. 
Bill Teuber: Thanks Laura. Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein. 
Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein: Yes, thank you. Good morning and David I hope you feel better. In terms of this quarter, you didn't see the normal sequential operating leverage that you see where OpEx typically goes down 100 basis points or more as a percentage of revenue. Was that solely due to RSA being folded in which had the higher expense structure, or did you make some conscious investments to try and drive incremental growth this quarter. And then just related to that, you did -- I presume as you mentioned, there is an opportunity to consolidate some of that. You mentioned it was an accelerated plan, and you used that word deliberately. Can you give us a timeframe for the expected workforce reductions associated with that plan please? 
David Goulden: Tony, thank you. We did pick up a higher percentage of operating expenses with RSA. So that's a fact. Also we made some R&D investments consciously in Q4. Relative to the accelerated plan, we just finalized that plan at the end of last year. We started the reductions and they will occur throughout 2007, they all will be able by the end of '07. In some cases, we need to consolidate some processes and systems before we can actually impact the people. That will occur on a pro-rata basis throughout the year. 
Bill Teuber: Thanks. Next question please. 
Operator: Bill Shope of J.P. Morgan. You may ask your question. 
Bill Shope - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great, thanks. Quick question on the software segment, can you give us some commentary on the competitive landscape this quarter, we have seen results basically all over the place from your competitors, so I guess just a little color on the environment that will be helpful? 
Joe Tucci: You are right, that's a good question. The results have been say, so much choppy, on a software side, so IBM have good quarter there was a number of companies that we were little bit disappointing. We obviously had a good quarter. I do believe there is opportunity out there, but I do think more than anything else, I think I have showed in IBM it shows with us. Rather than buying a point software solutions customers more and more want packages, bundles solutions sets rather than buying point products. And I do think that ability to do that we have that is really been driven into our sales force is going to benefit as more and more everyday and probably that's probably we saw in IBM, so that's my basic fear, my basic belief and a basic way we are driving EMC is that point products are driving customers not but if you can package these together, really make them solve business problems. It just the way we headed the game and that's what we were doing and that's what's given to our success. And the amount of multiple deals, most compound deals we have had is at all time high, compound deal was made a customers order stores they ordered management software from us and said they were a content management.  So two, three, four, four types of -- four categories of kind of software they were ordering from us, because we have done a good job of putting it together. And in one EMC it means two things. One thing is how we work our product groups across what we are doing in Storage. So, not only -- by now having all the products -- related products, the highly related products in the Storage group together bringing some synergies, but is also the way we picked up at the Storage group, Product group work seamlessly with the Security group which work seamlessly with the Content Management would also works with VMware. So, that those things are getting as great benefits. And on the other side of one EMC, we have now combined our channels organization, so at one channels organization VMware outside of that, but other three groups is one channels organization, we have one global accounts program, we have highly coordinated our go-to-market. So, these things -- same things with services, we consolidated our services across those groups. So, it has given us both efficiency and a better way to present our solutions and that's resonating with all the customers. 
Joe Tucci: Thanks Bill, next question please. 
Operator: Next question comes from Shebly Seyrafi from Caris. 
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Yes, so thank you very much. So, you are not providing quarterly guidance anymore, but if you take the $12.7 billion annual guidance and multiplied by the high-end of your typical historical range say 23.2%, you get 2.9, $5 billion, little less than consensus. Are you sending a message there and maybe you can also talk about the pipeline in the backlog exceeding Q4 for the business? 
David Goulden: Okay. Well, we gave you a hint revolving guidelines. We would encourage you to stay within the range that we gave you and looking if you want again in our transition. As we said Q4 was strong from a bookings point of view and we have a normal seasonal build-up in backlog in Q4. [Joe, if you want to join]? 
Joe Tucci: I think Shebly, if you look at it, last time I looked consensus was 2.96. So, if you went at high-ends its 2.95, we are not telling you to go correct 10 million. We are just trying to say this is where we have been. If you look at -- they said 2006 a year or two has, we pretty much if you looked at our guidance while we are at the low end of our guidance we certainly are in the ranges of what we gave you. A year ago -- more than a year ago for 2006, we got there choppy but. And we will execute better on that but also if we look at the last bunch of years. It typically is as David said is been between 27.2 and 22.7 and 23.2 and that's we just wanted to kind of give you a hint that they were going to have normal kind of seasonality and -- but I am not -- we are not saying anybody to go back and change your guidance. 
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: But you are going to have the full availability of the 4-Gig DMX-3, I would think that will help more than seasonally in Q1? 
Bill Teuber: We [kept saying it] shall we bid, nobody seem to care. Even though they both were available in Q4. How many customers have -- they are not been caring, as lot of them haven't change their fabrics and it doesn't matter as much you think these high end machines are not like mid-tier, with the cashing ability you have you don't see as much benefit as you do in the mid-tier. So we don't think that can put us -- some of our competition made a big to do about it, but we didn't see it -- we didn't see it costing us a single sale. What I -- but I keep reading about analyst report and that's why through to my remark, so we got it out there now but I don't think that will help us up. 
Shebly Seyrafi - Caris: Thank you. 
Joe Tucci: Next question please. 
Operator: Aaron Rakers of A.G. Edwards, you may ask your question. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Yes, thanks for taking the question I guess mine is on more on the margin story playing out here. I believe a while ago you guys talked about ranges for gross margin 52% to 55% and also I think more of the leverage comes in the play in the SG&A line. Where you talked about 25% to 27% excess to revenue ratio, do you, I guess, can you give me some color on where the bigger the opportunity is for margin expansion? And do you see that SG&A long-term guidance of that 25% to 27% potentially coming into your provision in 2007? 
Bill Teuber: Aaron, this is Bill. Since I talked about it and that was years ago, I mean, we come off -- we have not come off of that, but have gone away from line item guidance, that's got to be two years ago when we moved away from doing that. So, we have been talking about growing the top line and growing the bottom line faster than top line and gaining leverage for quite sometime. But even if you go back to last Analyst Day, I did talk about the individual elements of the income statement. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Well, I guess-- 
Bill Teuber: I will let David, jump in on. 
David Goulden: Let me answer that. We may recall -- we are very focused upon operating a good leverage. And we are not going to tell you exactly where it's going to come from, but I will tell you certainly we're focused upon making sure it comes from a combination of margin and operating expenses. As Bill said, you should really look for spread alternately between the top line and the bottom line for the company. 
Bill Teuber: And I will just add last bit color on it. The emphasis we have now in this company right down to the middle management on creating operating leverage is very, very significant and that's where are focusing. And we want to go to top line faster than we have been told you, so we gave you 14%. Our goal is to be that and we want to create significant leverage between that and the bottom line, and we have a number of factors both that will affect the margin and a number of factors that will affect the -- say SG&A below that. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards: Thank you. 
Joe Tucci: Thanks Aaron. Next question please. 
Operator: Keith Bachman from Banc of America. 
Keith Bachman - Banc of America: Hi good morning everybody. I wanted to go back to cash flow if I could for a second. Last year being 2006 you reduced the share count by about 11% or fairly aggressive on your buyback. I think you said Bill in the prepared remarks you were looking more at a $1 billion target level, if I heard you correctly. I just want to A, confirm that; but B, just try to get some color on how or what are the key variables as you are thinking about your buyback and significant step down so to speak. Is it targeting more cash flow levels using your operating cash flow or can you just give us a little more color on how you think about the buyback, that will be great. Thanks. 
Bill Teuber: Well Keith what I said was that we are going to spending at least 1 billion on the buyback this year. That's not -- that doesn't preclude us spending more, but that's what we are prepared to commit to right now. 
Keith Bachman - Banc of America: And Bill is the reason for -- well perhaps you are just leaving some open end to do additional amounts, but I am just – clearly what the variables would be that would either cause you to exceed that or go inline with that? 
Bill Teuber: There is a number of factors that come up during the course of the year. We look at obviously, we talked about tuck-in acquisitions, if we see something like another Avamar out there. We think this is going to be a terrific acquisition for us, cost you the same way. This is going to depend on what we see out there and sort of on the M&A front. Its also going to depend on where some of our cash is, whether its -- how much of its international. Clearly we have built up some more internationally as you saw at the low tax rate means our internationally business did quite well. That's -- you really can't excess that for buying back your shares Keith. So there is a whole host of issues that we have to consider as we look forward to that. We are confident that we are going to do at least a billion and as we get more aggressive on that line item we'll let you know. 
Keith Bachman - Banc of America: Okay. Thank you. 
Joe Tucci: Thanks Steve. Next question please. 
Operator: Andrew Neff from Bear Stearns, you may ask your question. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Sure, just a couple of clarifications really. One the -- you said you're going to have the historical data for with a new write-down, where are you posting that? Second just to clarify is your annual guidance can be a rolling four quarters are you going to give the year than as you run out than next year you give the following year. And could you talk about -- the question I have is really can you talk about the relative profitability of the four groups? 
David Goulden: I will take the first two. The annual guidance will be for year. So we'll give you '07 and this time next year we'll give you '08. In terms of the extra data we'll give you now on the earnings call as we have done today. And Joe the profitability of the business is one over to you. 
Joe Tucci: Yeah. Obviously the three purer software businesses have better returns than the Storage business which has a combination of higher-end software in it, and as you saw they have higher growth rates and as David said we expect and as our plan to beat the growth rates collectively and would end by each business year. That's how it's been measured. So obviously if we do that when you saw 17% growth for security VMware 50, 50% plus growth opportunity in that market, 13% I think it was for Content Management, so obviously those businesses by definition should be -- will be a higher growth and better profitability. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks very much. 
Bill Teuber: Andy, just one other thing, the new schedule for the fourth segment is available on the web with our press release today. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Okay. I will see it. Okay, great. Thanks. 
Bill Teuber: You can download it in excel. 
Joe Tucci: Thanks next question please. 
Operator: Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan, you may ask your question. 
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. With respect to the VMware, it looks like its accelerated on a year-over-year basis, each quarter this year, this quarter over 100% year-over-year. Do you see this sustainable going forward and how do you see the competitive offerings from XenSource and Virtual Iron and their lower respective price points is impacting your VMware business. 
Joe Tucci: It's really interesting, when I saw this, when we bought VMware, they thought the total market could someday potentially reach maybe $2 billion, now I am seeing multiples of that as an estimate for the market potential. You are not going to get a market this big and this hot, with out other competitors. That being said, as Bill said, they celebrate their 9th anniversary. These products are in their two-third generation. Tremendous ecosystem or partners that have built around it so, without a doubt, the market growth is going to be there, without a doubt there will be more competition. But I think, VMware is incredibly well placed and well situated and has a heck of a lead, and if we keep executing aggressively, we should be just fine. 
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Do, you think you can grow VMware as quickly in '07, as you did in '06? 
Joe Tucci: Probably not, we grew 83 -- I forgot the exact, it was 83% to 86% something like that. So that would certainly not be our plan, but we definitely would like to keep up with the market growth. So there is no real great expectation like ITC was predicting $1.2 billion market, I don't know if that's late or not late, I think it probably is late, so I think there is more potential in that. So, obviously we, as the major participant there, we have great opportunity, but I think to sustain 86, while you never say never, is probably not in the cards. 
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan: Okay. Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: Thanks Brian. Next question please. 
Operator: Dan Renouard with Robert Baird, you may ask your question 
Dan Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Thank you very much and I have got some high level questions for you, Joe, lot of puts and takes in the industry -- and through '06, but may be you could just give us some more perspective on geography, specifically, what's happening in Europe and Asia? Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: As I see in Asia, obviously Southeast Asia and China are still extremely hot. Japan is marginally better, I would say. Australia is a good market for us. We go to Europe, Eastern Europe and, we call [MESA], Middle East and Africa is very hot. In Central Europe, I think its going to be a thick better, than it was in '06, probably the US a thick softer, but put it collectively, I think its going to be a good year and US is definitely not going to be a bad market, its going to be a good market, but everything I see and all the surveys I read, point to a thick soft and we are a thick stronger in Europe, so pretty good balance. 
Dan Renouard - Robert W. Baird: Great, thanks. 
Bill Teuber: Thanks Dan. Next question please. 
Operator: Harry Blount from Lehman Brothers, you may ask your question. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Joe, one of the key slide that you focused on was that 2007 is an year of an integration, focus and execution and obviously that's all good goals, but from a [steep] perspective, how are we going to see the progress on that? How are we going to measure it either from improved expense ratios and improved productivity? What type of metrics should we be looking at? 
Joe Tucci: Well, we are going to give you pretty good reporting on each of the four business units and so you'll be able to see progress there. Obviously, if we execute one EMC, we should get efficiencies on the SG&A line. We should see more products from the market, which should reduce and accelerate its sales -- which should produce accelerated sales. And you have visibility into all of that. So, this is nothing -- this is just a -- either we think a more efficient and a better way to look at the business, we'll still give you good color in each of the business -- under each of the business units as we've always done. And so I think you will have plenty of opportunity as we do our quarterly reports to track our progress on those fronts. But One EMC is a huge initiative for us, huge. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Yes. That's what I am getting at, I am not sure yet. Though we have the understanding that the metrics that you guys are trying to benchmark, is R&D has been essentially flattish in an environment where your software business has grown, but your SG&A has kind of been moving in the wrong direction in last few quarters, so that's what I was trying get a bit of sense? 
Joe Tucci: Well, its kind of -- R&D is flattish as a percentage, but its growing in finite numbers pretty well. But as we kind of combine many of the activities in sales and as we combine many of the activities in services and as we combine many of the activities in back office, it is just -- it is money we could save and we have -- not as diligently as we need to do, but after that in the past and we are incredibly focused on it right now and we have individual goals that's going to effect how people here get paid, rewarded and promoted. So -- I think you'll have plenty of visibility Harry. 
Bill Teuber: Thanks Harry. We have time for one more question. 
Operator: Thank you, our last question comes from Kevin Hunt from Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you, you had kind of mentioned on the security business, some appliances imply there will be some announcements in Q1, should we refer from that, that there is going to be some new products coming out along there? Like the security line? 
Joe Tucci: I was referring to there is a lot of the major announcements -- well, first of all I said, we got tremendously robust in the storage business, talking about right in a second. Refreshed schedule coming up, so a lot of our new products will have the next generation announced. We will -- part of that this quarter we will do, as we will announce the efforts we've been working on for sometime, to build the kind of security that customers are crying for into their storage products, and those are one I was referring to, that would be announced [but obviously] there's things within RSA and things within Documentum and things within VMware where we will also announce, but that announcement there is kind of how we are using the RSA assets within our storage business. And that announcement will be coming up shortly here. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: So just to clarify, so you are saying that, it will be embedded within new products or there will be separate products that you don't have today to come out? 
Joe Tucci: Both. 
Kevin Hunt - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, all right, thanks a lot. 
Joe Tucci: On closing, just let me again thank you very much for being with us, you got the message, because I heard you repeat it in your question. 2007 is the year we have to breakout and as far as year we are going to focus on integration and execution, I believe the IT spending environment is good, I believe the segments that we are focusing on storage, content management, security virtualization and the efforts we have done around energy efficiencies are going to pay-off big. I don't think we have ever been better positioned in recent, so I have been here. And this one EMC initiative is to drive financial leverage are real. So, thank you again, and I look forward to reporting consistently good results to you, as we go through 2007. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Tucci - Chairman, President, CEO David Goulden - CFO Bill Teuber - Vice Chairman Frank Hauck - EVP of Global Marketing and Customer Quality Tony Takazawa - Vice President of Global Investor Relations
Analysts: Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers Benjamin Reitzes - UBS Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs Antonio Antezano – Sanford Bernstein Bill Shope – JP Morgan Dan Renouard – Robert Baird Tom Curlin – RBC Capital Markets Andrew Neff – Bear Stearns Chris Whitmore - Deutsche Bank William Fearnley - FTN Midwest Research Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Kerri. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2006. On today’s call, David Goulden, EMC’s EVP and CFO will kick things off and walk you through our results for the quarter. We will then be joined by Joe Tucci, EMC's Chairman, President, and CEO. Joe will spend some time discussing how EMC’s strategy is coming together, and his observations on the market environment going forward.  After the prepared remarks, we will then open up the line to take your questions. We will be joined at that time by Bill Teuber, EMC’s Vice Chairman; and Frank Hough, EMC EVP of Global Marketing and Customer Quality.  We will be making references to our slides today, so we encourage you to view them on EMC's website at EMC.com. An archive of the audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call.  As always, the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, all of the numbers we discuss today will be presented on a GAAP basis, unless otherwise indicated. We are focusing on the GAAP numbers in an effort to simplify the discussion for you. For those of you interested in analyzing the non-GAAP numbers, we continue to provide a schedule in the press release that will help you adjust the GAAP results for stock options, restricted stock, and amortization expenses.  With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce David Goulden. 
David Goulden: Thanks, Tony. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. As Tony mentioned, I am going to walk you through our Q3 results and Q4 outlook. Looking across our business, we are pleased with how we performed in Q3. Let me dive straight into the numbers. Q3 revenues were a record $2.815 billion, up 19% from last year. This includes approximately $38 million from our new security division. Without security, Q3 revenues were $2.778 billion, up 17% over Q3 of last year and also a record quarter. Q3 GAAP EPS were $0.13. This includes slightly less than a $0.01 from our new security division, principally due to a $23 million IT R&D charge. Without security, EPS for the quarter was also $0.13. EPS was up 30% over last year on a comparable basis. This growth compares GAAP EPS of $0.13 for Q3 this year against $0.10 last year after adjusting Q3 2005 EPS of $0.17 by $0.03 had we expensed stock options; and by $0.04 had we eliminated a one-time tax benefit. Revenue growth of 17% for the quarter was clearly very strong, but we did benefit from the unusually high backlog levels we had at the end of Q2. As we finished Q3, we were able to take advantage of having completed our major product transitions, and of higher inventory levels, and of a Saturday quarter end to drive Q3 backlog to more seasonal levels. If we look at the first nine months of 2006 for a more normalized view of growth, on a YTD basis total revenues are up 14% over last year, excluding security, supporting our view that EMC’s growth profile is strong. Looking at our corporate revenue mix in Q3, our systems revenues were up 19%, software revenues were up 25%, and services revenue were up 7%. Year-to-date, systems revenues were up 15%, software was up 17%, and services were up 7%, highlighting the strength of our product business and of our business model. Turning to our geographic results for Q3, North America revenues were very strong, up 21% year-over-year. The environment in North America continues to be good, especially in the commercial marketplace and for high-end systems.  EMEA revenues were up 19%, with good balance across the countries and regions. We also saw strong demand for our mid-tier CLARiiON systems in EMEA.  APJ revenues were up 7% from last year, and 8% from Q2, representing a modest improvement in growth. We continue to strengthen our management team in this region, and I am very pleased to announce that during the quarter, we hired Dennis Yip, a seasoned executive, to head up our Greater China region.  Finally, Latin America revenues were up 80%; Argentina and Venezuela were strong performers this quarter.  Now let’s move from the geographic conversation to the revenue results from our content management, VMware and security and represent the solution sets we take to market. First, let’s take a look at our storage business, which consists of our storage hardware products and the software that runs on them, including Symmetrix, CLARiiON, Centera, Celerra, Invista, and Connectrix; plus, our storage software including Back-up, Recovery, Rainfinity, Power Path and resource management and our storage-related professional and customer services.  Total storage revenues for Q3 were $2.45 billion, up 14% over last year and up 10% on a year-to-date basis. We believe we continue to gain share in our core storage business. Symmetrix revenues were up 21% over Q3 last year. Of the Symmetrix systems sold in the third quarter, 90% of the terabytes shipped were DMX-3 technology.  Last quarter we explained we didn’t have enough product to meet the surge of DMX-3 orders at the end of the quarter, resulting in lower than expected Sym revenue growth. You can see that the strong bounce-back in Symmetrix growth this quarter and the 10% year-to-date growth of Sym revenues confirms the demand for our DMX-3 systems is strong, and we are gaining share in the high-end markets. Turning to CLARiiON, CLARiiON revenues were up 18% over Q3 last year. Looking at those products that offer the new CX-3 platform, 85% of the terabytes shipped in Q3 were on CX-3 technology. Last quarter we explained to you that the major transition from CX-2 to CX-3 midway through the quarter impacted CLARiiON growth. The strong bounceback from Q4 growth last quarter to 18% growth this quarter confirms the demand for our new CX-3 products is strong, and returns us back to share gains in the mid-tier storage. You can also see that our major Sym and CLARiiON transitions are behind us.  Staying within the storage business, resource management software license revenues were up 17%, led by SMARTs licensed revenue growth of over 100%. SMARTs license growth is also up 100% year-to-date on an apples-to-apples basis, and we are very pleased with this growing customer adoption of model-based resource management. Finally, within the storage business, network license revenues were up double-digits again in Q3.  Turning to our content management business, which consists of our content management software products and related professional and custom services, total revenues for Q3 were $138 million, up 25% over last year and up 44% on a YTD basis. During Q3, we announced our 15,000th content management customer, reflecting the strong share gains we have made in this market. Additionally, just a few weeks ago we announced our new enterprise content management alliance with Microsoft. Through this partnership, we will bring to market new solutions that integrate the EMC Documentum platform with multiple Microsoft technologies. Content management license growth for the quarter was up only 11%. As you know, within the content management business, we win a large number of mid-sized transactions and a few very large orders each quarter. A single large order can represent a 5% to 10% swing in licensed growth rates, making licensed growth quite lumpy. In Q3, a couple of the large orders we were chasing did not close at the end of the quarter, impacting Q3 licensed growth rates. We have not lost any of these transactions, and when we look at our Q4 pipeline, we are confident we will have a strong Q4 and a strong 2006 in content management. It is also worth noting that on a year-to-date basis, content management licensed revenues were up nearly 50%. Obviously Captiva was a strong contributor to this growth, but on an apples-to-apples basis, content management software license revenues were up over 20% year-to-date; clearly we are gaining share here as well. VMware had another tremendous quarter. Total revenues were up 86% to $189 million in Q3, continuing VMware’s position as one of the fastest-growing software businesses. Of note this quarter, VMware’s X86 virtualization technology was named one of the 25 most influential products of the last 25 years by eWEEK Labs. This ranked VMware above the Apple Macintosh, Lotus 123, the Palm Pilot and Microsoft Office. I am sure you will agree that this is pretty impressive, especially considering that VMware has been around for only a few years. Now let me turn to our new security division. We obviously reported only a partial quarter’s revenue in Q3. For the full quarter, these companies reported an impressive 30% year-on-year revenue growth. Also, each of RSA and Network Intelligence had record quarterly revenues. Given the fact that customers knew about the pending merger, RSA’s record quarter is an indicator of how excited the customer base is about the combination with EMC. So hopefully you can see why we are very enthusiastic about the product potential here as well.  Finally, Dell was 15% of our total revenues and one-third of CLARiiON revenues this quarter.  Turning to the rest of the income statement, consolidated gross margin for the quarter was 52.7%, the same as Q2. The higher mix of systems revenue in the quarter had an unfavorable impact on margins of 50 basis points. Operating income margin for the quarter was 12.9%, excluding both the $23 million IT R&D charge and a $3 million restructuring reversal. This is up 220 basis points sequentially. The tax rate for the quarter was slightly north of 26%, and we expect the tax rate for Q4 to be approximately 26% as well. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments came in at $5.5 billion, compared to $6.3 billion in Q2. During the quarter, we accelerated our buybacks using approximately $1.1 billion to purchase 102 million shares. This is a 30% increase from the number of shares we purchased in Q2. YTD, we have spent approximately $2.6 billion to repurchase 208 million shares and to retire $125 million of convertible debt. We remain on target to spend at least $3 billion repurchasing EMC shares during 2006.  Additionally, we spent approximately $2.2 billion net on acquisitions this quarter. We funded these acquisitions via a $2.2 billion short-term, unsecured credit facility.  DSOs came in at 47 days, however this was skewed due to the timing of the security acquisitions. Excluding these acquisitions, DSOs were 45 days, the same as Q2. Inventory was $895 million, up about $130 million from Q2. We used the strength of our balance sheet to ensure that we have sufficient quantities of inventories to meet customer demand in Q3, and to be in a good position to meet anticipated fourth quarter demands. The significant majority of this inventory has been new generation products. Looking ahead into Q4, we are working on an accelerated integration plan for EMC and the 21 companies we have acquired over the last three years. When this plan is complete, we expect to book a restructuring charge of between $150 million to $175 million, or approximately $0.06 per share. We intend to complete this plan over the next several weeks, and book a charge later this quarter.  This integration plan will reduce costs and improve efficiencies, while helping us to present a more unified EMC experience to our customers. We expect the restructuring to impact approximately 1,250 employees with a heavy emphasis on management layers and non-customer facing and non-core R&D activities. As we sit here today, EMC has nearly 31,000 employees. We also expect to include the rationalization of many non-employee related expenses, including temporary labor, contractors, real estate and other assets. VMware will continue to operate as a subsidiary of EMC and is not part of this restructuring. Turning to Q4 guidance, we continue to expect normal seasonality in Q4 demand, and our revenue and earning expectations for Q4, excluding the security business, are largely unchanged from the expectations we provided on the Q2 earnings call. We expect Q4 revenues, excluding the security business, to be at or exceed $3.05 billion, GAAP EPS to be $0.16.  For the new security business, we expect revenues to be at or exceed $110 million, with a GAAP EPS loss of $0.01, primarily due to loan interest for the RSA acquisition. Therefore, we expect total Q4 revenues to be at or exceed $3.16 billion and EPS to be $0.15, excluding the restructuring charge I just mentioned. Including the restructuring charge, we expect Q4 GAAP EPS to be $0.09. With that, I will now turn the call over to Joe.
 Joe Tucci: Thanks, David. I was pleased with EMC’s overall performance in Q3. It reflected our strong heritage of crisp execution and operational excellence. Very importantly, as David pointed out, when you examine the first three quarters of 2006 as a whole, we have grown 14% year-over-year as EMC continues to lead and take share in our chosen markets. I firmly believe that EMC has built a solid strategic and competitive advantage that will help us continue our double-digit growth rate trajectory. Also, we are seeing that the global economic and IT spending environment for the basket of products and services that we sell is plenty robust enough for us to achieve our goals.  What I would like to do now is answer the question I am most frequently asked, and that is about EMC strategy and how all of the pieces fit together. Today I will spend the vast majority of the time I have for my formal remarks taking you through EMC strategy, and why we believe it will give us a sustained competitive advantage. As you know, we have replaced storage as the core of our universe with information. To focus ourselves and sharpen our message, we have declared that EMC’s entire focus is on and in the infrastructure space. Thus, we call our new core strategy Information Infrastructure. As I talk about our Information Infrastructure strategy, I will also comment on the underlying EMC technology and discuss how and where the technologies of our acquired companies fit in. There is a massive and growing amount of digital information. We can show you that over the last ten years, information stored on disk arrays has grown at a compounded rate of 60%. This digital information is a physical place to live and since we live in an on-demand, on-command global, connected world, the only rational place for that information to live is on storage arrays.  So obviously, our heritage is alive and well and the first tenant of our core information strategy is storage. It is all high quality, it is all reliable, fast millisecond response times; we have different tiers and that is probably the number one aspect we are pushing, is tiering your storage. With these tiers, we can create 10:1 price points. Obviously within these tiers there is different performance and different functionality points, and we do believe that going into the future, this 10:1 price point will even widen. Also, as the cost of energy has gone up, we are paying a tremendous amount of attention to power consumption, things like cooling and protecting customers’ precious data center space. There is no company that has the breadth and reach that we have in the storage portion of our information infrastructure strategy.  Once this digital information is stored, it needs to be what we call protected. Protection in our parlance is all about availability, having this information available and making sure that businesses continue; hence, business continuity. We have technology and replicas like SRDF, snaps, clones. We have acquired a company called Kashya and we have put out a product called Recover Point which is continuous data protection, which is the consistent journaling of all change data. We have back-up technology with Networker that we acquired from Legato. Some of this technology works on arrays, we have technology that works on switches, we have technology here that works in the network and we have technology here that works on appliances. It is a far cry from our heritage where our only protection strategies worked on our own arrays. This is a much broader protection strategy. We firmly believe that customers want and need choice, that’s why we have these different protection products. One size does not fit all. For customers that don’t like complexity, we are in the process of releasing a single operations process we are calling Recovery Manager. So it extracts all of that complexity, yet gives the customers the benefit of the perfect fit for their information infrastructure protection needs. Once the information is digitally stored, once the information is protected and making sure its availability is always there, you need to secure the information itself. This is done through encryption. Customers need security by business process and application, and sector of the industry that they are in. So some customers want to encrypt their data when it is in flight and leaves the data center. It can leave the data center over a network, it can leave the center on a tape, a physical tape that is being transported out of the data center. Other customers have their info for a certain app encrypted all of the time. Some customers like to do it when it is at rest. At rest is code for when it’s archived. This encryption sometimes will take place on a storage array, it can take place in network switch, it can take place on an appliance, or it can be done on and by an application. Think about just the archiving problem I talked about. When you archive information, when it is encrypted, and let’s say you want to access it three years from now, you better darn well know where that key is. So when you want all of these types of choices, the critical success factor for encryption really becomes centralized, enterprise-strength key management.  As we look at this task of encryption and key management, we looked obviously at RSA, which you know we acquired. Far and away this was the best technology you saw in the market by a long shot. But it goes beyond that. Not only did we have the best encryption and best key management, we can also help customers with the identity management. In other words, who is this individual that is requesting this data, and is that individual who they say he or she is? And then, of course by tying that all together we can go that extra step. We also went one additional step with the acquisition of Network Intelligence, where we assure security compliance. We keep track and make sense of all of the reams of logged information out there, to make sure that we are hitting the security compliance right on the head. By the way, I fundamentally believe that the company that ties information storage to information protection to information security together the best is going to be a huge winner, and I know that company will be EMC. Also very important, after your digital information is secured, protected, secured, there are always a lot of reasons why your information has to move, so information mobility. It is very simple, a use case would be you are replacing an old array with a new array. You want to move information between these tiers. I talked about how you can get 10:1 pricing by understanding your information and moving it between tiers. Obviously you have to physically, you need technology to move it. You want to move information, and you want to move it in a consistent manner to create a data warehouse. You want to create a data mart, you want to create a test bed to test a new application before you put it live, and you want to make sure that it is testing on real data, but not your actual production data. You want to move information core to edge, and you want to move information to create an archive copy. These are a few of the examples. We have tremendous technology here, open replicator, SAN copy, SRDF data mobility. And our newest product and one I think which is most dynamic and is absolutely game-changing is our Invista product where we will move data very dynamically using and capitalizing on the intelligent ports that Cisco and Brocade and others are putting in there in their switching products. I talked about the importance of archiving. Indeed, most of the data that is stored lives in archives. A necessary need of an archive is to make sure that this archive is compliant. You need to keep archive data compliant with governmental laws as well as your SOX 404 policies that we need to maintain compliance with also. We have a lot of technology here with the acquisition of File Pool, we spent a tremendous amount of additional R&D to bring out a product called Centera built for this archive specifically, including commutability. Through Legato and Acartus and other acquisitions we’ve got an extended family of products which helps archive emails, files, records, images, et cetera. We have technology which de-duplicates, so rather than to cut down the size, use RCA rather than storing similar data multiple times. We can store identical data only once. It helps customers save money. And then of course, you need robustness in your archive. What we’ve done here is we’ve repurposed the Documentum repository, which is probably the industry’s most robust repository to help us keep track of everything that is happening in these archives. The next aspect is we want to take these fixed technologies that we’ve already talked about and we want to apply a tremendous amount of intelligence. We call it Intelligent Information Management. We just had our first release, our product name for this generic family is Infoscape Release 1 and there will be release 2, 3, and 4. This is going to be a tremendously, again, game-changing technology for us. First piece of Infoscape classified data gives customers information about their data so they can set policies so the second set of Infoscape actually does policy management.  What kind of management would that be? It tells you what your storage you want to keep that information on. You can tell what protection techniques you want to use, you want it encrypted or not, how long should it be archived for, et cetera, et cetera. Eventually, we have a -- we just acquired a company called Authentica who will give a digital rights management and then you will have that data, that information and you can actually talk about rights and who is allowed to do what with this information when,  Again, other technologies we used here is we used a document repository for this. We used document workflow and business process management piece of this technology.  70% of all information is unstructured or semi-structured. In other words, it is not in rows and columns in a database. To manage this information again very intelligently, we have the incomparable Documentum 5, with its repositories and everything that Documentum 5 does, check-in, check-out version control, et cetera. We have a tremendous amount of capture capabilities to ingest information, whether digital or non-digital, but get it into this repository so that we can have better management of it. Those are companies like Captiva and Acartus that we have acquired there to help us with that ingestion process. We have collaboration Documentum before we acquired them. We acquired a company called eRoom. We work a lot with companies like Microsoft and Adobe, which have more of the desktop and office experience. Our latest announcement, as David Goulden referenced, was with Microsoft, where we said that we would integrate our Documentum robust enterprise contact management software with SharePoint.  Finally, to really make sure that we manage this set of information infrastructure technologies by itself and in selection with other things that are happening in your information -- excuse me, in your infrastructure and data centers, we are heavily invested in resource management.  When you think of resource management today it is really managed domain by domain. So the most frequently used to manage the storage domain is EMC’s control center. There are products to manage data network domains like say Open View. There are products out there to manage apps. There are products to manage servers, et cetera, et cetera. You read a lot about SOA, service-oriented architectures. These need to be agentless. We think we have one of the best architectures with SMARTs on the market for the way those modeling correlations and automated action control. We have also now taken SMARTs, which its first instantiation was in network management. We are now moving it into storage management. We acquired a company called nLayers, which does application discovery, and what we now do is we can model every piece of the infrastructure and how it relates to a specific application, how one application relates to another application. Therefore, something that happens in any specific event, not only report the event and turn on a red, yellow or green light, but can actually take specific action and let a customer know how that will affect his business profits.  Again, these collective set of technologies is what we call our information infrastructure strategy. Why are we doing this? Well, customers are demanding it. We think it is a unique and comprehensive approach. We have been planning and working on this for years and I really do believe it is going to be a key EMC differentiator for years to come.  Now, add to this and around this VMware with its virtual infrastructure 3 strategy, again you see the concept of infrastructure coming in again. Of course, VMware infrastructure 3 is on consolidation in an X86 environment. The most dynamic, service-oriented architecture out there, with load balancing and management techniques that are unparalleled. A lot of technology and business continuity, meets the requirements today of helping customers save money by consolidating servers, meets requirements -- again, environmental requirements by as you consolidate infrastructure, you can save a lot on your utility bills. You can see in the growth of 86% that VMware had, I think it is just absolutely unparalleled technology. VMware will greatly affect all eight legs of our information infrastructure strategy and make them significantly better.  Unlike our other technologies though, we are running VMware in a community-source model. In other words, while we use it and we will continue to use it very rigorously, we are making it open to all to use, to all of our competitors to use. It has just been a phenomenal model for us, working extremely well.  However, let me talk about how some of this technology comes together. One example, there is a very large pharmaceutical company that basically came to EMC and VMware to consolidate its storage and servers. Obviously the EMC information infrastructure worked on the consolidation side, VMware on the servers. Again, they wanted to have unparalleled business continuity, so we used Best RDF to manage the static, stored information again, to give them business continuity and, of course, VMotion for the dynamic servers that they are using under VMware.  We also did a lot of archiving there, obviously using EMC’s information infrastructure technologies, we had archived their data. One of the issues with archiving information is when you want to go get it in say two years, three years, four years, five years from now, you need to recreate the operating system and the server which the application was archived to make it useful. So what we did here as a final step, after we archived the information, we actually archived the virtual machines, so VMware took the actual state of the OS with its registers and everything that has happened dynamically, and the app itself, and again that was archived. So when this large pharma company wants to retrieve those archives, they will actually take any X86, any vintage server, download the virtual machine, and then of course, start pulling the data off.  So that just gives you an example of how this works together. Of course, we went to -- EMC also is part of our strategy. We have a full set of services. We have support services, implementation services, consulting services and managed services, and then of course we had built a good group of very loyal and important partners and alliances. Partners for technology, partners for distribution, partners for support and service, and we have a great group of partners around us to help us achieve our mission in life.  To make everything I talk about happen was expensive. We have spent $3 billion in R&D over the last three years, so we are going back exactly three years. The first acquisition we did was Legato in October of 2003, so we are now in October 2006, exactly three years. Over those three years, we have spent approximately $3 billion in R&D and we have spent approximately $7 billion acquiring companies to form this information infrastructure strategy, as well as, of course, VMware.  I want to talk to you a little bit about how we think about a company when we acquire it.  The first step is don’t break it. When you buy a company, what do you want? You want the technology. You want their customers and you want their people. The most important point becomes the people because the people are the ones that are producing the technology and the people are the ones that have the contacts and the relationship with customers.  The first step, and we have done a great job of this, is making sure that the companies we acquire do not break and we maintain what we bought, which is the people, the customers, and the technology.  The second step is to kind of apply the EMC leverage. We call this internally the EMC effect. Obviously we have 6,000 customer-facing people in the field that have quotas that are selling our goods and we want to make sure that we use that access to help the companies that we acquire grow faster. I am proud to say that every single company that we have acquired has grown faster within the EMC umbrella.  Again, of course, we want to apply the EMC effect and leverage and technology, so we want to have our R&D shops around the world make sure we work together to tie those eight points I talked together that make up the information infrastructure, not really tightly together in products that are seamless.  The third step, which is where we are with most of our companies right now, is to really tightly integrate it and create a look and effect of one EMC to our customers.  So we actually take it through these three steps, and I can tell you from first-hand experience this, while it takes a little longer than some would like, it really does work well for us. Obviously as we get good in this and get more systems and processes behind this, we can actually cycle through these three steps faster.  We are not creating one EMC with VMware. This community-sourced model I talked about before running EMC VMware as a subsidiary and getting access to that technology to even our most fierce competitors is still what we are going to do there, but the rest of the technologies, we are going to create one EMC.  The benefits of one EMC are many. There is customer efficiencies, where customers will find us easier to do business with. They will have one point of escalation, should a problem arise. There is development efficiencies, how we can really plan our -- cross-plan our R&D groups to get these products that are really synced together that come out in suites, if you will, that are very efficient and cost-effective to customers.  There are revenue efficiencies, and the key to any kind of go to market organization is how do you segment your sales force, or sales forces, how do you specialize. We cannot expect one sales person to understand everything EMC does across all of its prolific products, so we need to have specialization and specialization around verticals.  Then, of course, we need to make sure we have alignment so we look like one face to the customer.  Then, of course, as David touched upon it, there is an opportunity for cost efficiencies, and that happens when you create one EMC, so there is a lot of redundancies and we want to leverage our scale.  In the same period, when we announced Q3 of 2003 in October of that year, we had not quite 17, a little less than 17,500 people. Today we have 31,000 people. That is a tremendous growth. The good news is we actually have grown revenue faster than that, but that is all about creating productivity, but clearly, there is opportunities for us to create efficiencies in costs, which will help us grow faster.  As David said, we are taking a charge and we are really targeting, and one of the areas I know we have is too much management, as we do create the one EMC, so there are a lot of operational efficiencies that we are going after now.  Our business model, David has talked to you about this also. We are going to focus on storage and tell you all about our storage growth, and we still want to grow that at, as you know, double digits. Then we want to grow content management and archiving faster and security faster and, of course, VMware the fastest.  To support that, in August, we put in a new organizational structure. Let’s talk about the operational part of that, and these are in alphabetical order, to be politically correct, so to speak: Supporting us back here by my side here in the headquarters will be: With that, sorry to be a little lengthy but I got those questions, so I want to tell you exactly what we are up to and what we are doing. So now I will turn it back to Tony to moderate Q&A. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Joe. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual, we ask you to try to limit yourself to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible. Thank you all for your cooperation with this matter. Please, Carrie, can we open up the lines for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Aaron Rakers of A.G. Edwards, you may ask your question. 
Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Just a question, I guess, in regard to clarification on the headcount reductions. I know you talked about the charges that you expect to take, but can you give any color in terms of what type of synergies you expect to derive as we look into 2007? Also, last quarter you provided comments in regard to a focus on sales force integration and the next level of G&A integration for the company. Maybe you could just give a quick update on that and where that stands over the next quarter or two. 
Joseph M. Tucci: The first thing I want to point out is that what I care about mostly at this juncture is our employees. A lot of our employees are hearing this now for the first time, so we -- and as David said, we still have some more planning to do so I owe it to our employees to make sure they know why and what we are doing everything first, so I will not be as specific as you would probably like.  But suffice it to say, I talked about when you buy, when you do a new acquisition, they have finance departments, they have order and cash process, they have IT, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera -- HR -- there is just a lot of opportunities, some of which will go into the share centers, which I talked about, some of which we will do some consolidation. You end up with a lot of vice presidents, a lot of senior vice presidents, and there is a lot of opportunity here for us, without affecting -- matter of fact, we want to increase the number of people that are calling on customers, so without affecting that and make sure we have appropriate numbers on research and development. There is a lot of other areas that we are really going to focus.  The most sacrosanct will be customers, you know, people who -- the customer-facing individuals within the combined EMC and our individuals that really produce this great technology. Everything up, we want to be the most efficient company we absolutely can. Obviously want to be efficient in our go-to-market and our development also, but that is where mostly it will be, in those areas outside of those customer-facing areas and development. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Aaron. Next question, please. 
Operator: Harry Blount with Lehman Brothers, you may ask your question. 
Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Joe, you obviously have highlighted on one of the earlier slides the investments you guys have made to position the company for the vision. It looks like, if I go back to the analyst day, you put a lot of the building blocks in place for these billion dollar businesses you are targeting. At what point are we going to really see the acquisition pipeline slow down and really put more of an emphasis back on just the straight organic growth side of the equation? Thanks. 
Joe Tucci: I think you can see that now. We have the vast majority of the pieces that we -- actually, we have all the major categories we want. Will we do things like network intelligence continue going forward? Absolutely. Where we felt okay we have a lot of things. We do not have any way to really make sure that we are assuring compliance and keeping track and rationalizing all these log events that happen all over the place, so we will do things like that, but I think we have a lot of the pieces, Harry, and I think we have great synergies. Even the early signs of the EMC sales force and the RSA sales force working together to create a richer pipeline just in the month of September became incredibly evident. There is a lot of excitement. We think we have pretty much what we need and we are going to concentrate on organic growth and efficiency. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Harry. Next question, please. 
Operator: Benjamin Reitzes with UBS, you may ask your question. 
Benjamin Reitzes - UBS: Could you talk about Symmetrix versus CLARiiON, just into year-end and next year? What kind of growth is Symmetrix? Is it a 10% growth business like it was over the nine months, I believe you said? How should we be looking at that and where are we in the cycle? Maybe tell us what you think CLARiiON is as a business as well. 
Joe Tucci: Well you just saw us come out with the lower end Symmetrix and we are not going to ever be done with the Symmetrix family. We are going to continue to push it up and down a little bit. You do not want to leave any seams.  Of course, the CX80 is way up there in what used to be high-end storage not too long ago in terms of performance and capabilities and reliability. Those two product lines overlap and I think that is very healthy.  Then, of course, on top of those product lines, we will make sure we have all the proper connectivities -- San, Nas, et cetera. So it is really hard to say but I believe that for a long period to come, the CX should continue to grow at or even a little bit, hopefully a little bit faster than where we have been.  Symmetrix, three quarters in a row now it is basically average. If you just do the adjustment for what I said we had and missed in Q2, which is now beyond a shadow of a doubt that we are telling you the truth, we really had three quarters of 10%, so it is doing quite well. Again, we just extended that down market and we will do that again, so I thin there is both good things ahead for both lines of products. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Ben. Next question, please. 
Operator: Laura Conigliaro with Goldman Sachs, you may ask your question. 
Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs: Great. A question about Q4 into Q1. What specific metrics do you and actually do we need to see exiting Q4 in order to feel more secure about either no worse than normal seasonality in Q1, or maybe even better than normal seasonality in the March quarter?
Joe Tucci: I think it is important that we get our efficiencies in line. In the next call we will give you guidance for what we think we are going to do in Q1. We just gave you guidance for Q4. We are obviously going to work hard to try to not only not disappoint but actually, hopefully, continue to post positive results; more positive than even we said. So we are going to work very hard to do that, but there is no commitment on that, but obviously that’s what everyone is geared at here.  On the storage side all-in, we continue to grow at 10% like we said. I believe the answer is yes. We grow on our other assets significantly faster; and they are realizing the EMC effect. I think those are the things you have to look at. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Antonio Antezano– Sanford Bernstein. 
Antonio Antezano – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. I just wanted to revisit the consolidation restructuring efforts. You talked about 1,250 people; you had noted that many of them would be managers. Typically there is about $100,000 a year savings associated with workforce reduction. Given that there is associated IT and real estate here, that number could be conservative. That works out to about a $0.04 to $0.05 annual run rate savings.  One question around that: Is that a realistic go-forward, normalized result of your consolidation efforts? How should we expect them? Should we expect most of the people to be out by the middle of 2007?
David Goulden: First of all, as Joe said, we don’t have a precise number right now because we haven’t finalized our planning. We will factor those savings into the guidance we give you at the beginning of 2007 for 2007. So let us finish our plans and come back to you on that one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Shope – JP Morgan. 
 Bill Shope – JP Morgan: Thanks. Can you please give us some color on bookings growth this quarter, as well as the margins on those bookings, as you did last quarter?
David Goulden: On bookings, we are not talking about specific bookings levels. We typically don’t do that. I think the important things to notice for the business are that total revenues were up 14% year-to-date and total storage revenues were up 10%. We gave you bookings information last quarter to show you the health of the business, and I think you see the health of the business is confirmed by today’s results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Renouard – Robert Baird.
 Dan Renouard – Robert Baird: Thanks. Just high level, when you look at the RSA, Joe, you talked a little bit about some of the field synergies and some of the sales people working together. Can you talk on the technology side, when or if we should be expecting to see some of that encryption technology make its way into your core storage products? Is there going to be some sort of a timeline, or how are you going to roll that out? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: The answer is yes, we do have firm plans. We have not announced any of those firm plans yet, but yes I can guarantee you they will make our way – as I said, we will have these products, as they do today, work in an appliance. We will have these products, as some of them do today, work actually in network switches. We will have these products working on our storage arrays and other combinations. So yes, we are going to do that. We have not announced any timeframe, as you know, we try not to announce products before their time here.  We have a good heritage of when we announce a product, it is commercially ready and available and ready for primetime. So I think we are going to stick with that policy. That is something we are definitely focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Curlin – RBC Capital Markets.
 Tom Curlin – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. From a free cash flow perspective, a couple of items. CapEx has been growing significantly year-over-year. Can you comment on what is driving that and what you see on a go-forward basis? And then the cash tax rate also continues to increase. It is up to the high 30s now. Where does that end? What should we use for planning purposes on a cash basis for tax rate?
David Goulden: Well we gave you some guidance on Q4, let me talk a little bit about CapEx. The big drivers there, the two biggest drivers, really, would be our IT investment in synergy projects and also some of our real estate developments out on the West Coast, those are driving CapEx right now.  On the tax rate, the reason why you saw little uptick in tax rate in Q3, the IT R&D charge had a factor there, there is no tax benefit on that so that is driving our rates up a little bit in Q3, and we’ll give you more guidance on 2007 when we get into next quarter’s earnings.
Joe Tucci: As you can expect – and I am not giving any numbers to this, but our full expectation and planning is as we go into ’07, we’ll actually bring down our CapEx rate. We spent a lot, we are building a brand new campus on the West Coast for VMware, and the big, big investments have been on the system which we nicknamed Synergy, which is actually a set of systems, so that we could really consolidate everything. Those are pretty much complete now, so we will be definitely easing off CapEx going into next year. And on next quarter guidance, as we always do, we will give you that number. But it will be down, I can guarantee you that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Neff – Bear Stearns.
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Sure. Two things, if I could. Joe, if you could just give us a sense of your, when you talk to executives, what their perspective is in terms of spending, what their optimism is, as they look out, for not just the fourth quarter but just in general, and I guess just a question, a financial question. I just want to clarify. Previously, you had talked about 20% operating margin as a target. That changed, obviously at some point, but is there a new operating margin target that you have?
David Goulden: Let me take the second one first. Obviously what we talked about in terms of operating margin targets were on a cash EBIT basis. Those are the numbers that Bill talked about. If you actually look at Q3, our cash EBIT operating margin was 17% compared to the 12.9% number I talked about earlier on a GAAP, we’re excluding one-time basis items.  So the 20% number we spoke about some time ago was a cash EBIT margin goal for exiting Q4 2006. Obviously when we look at our Q3 guidance, we expect the cash EBIT margins to be higher than they were in Q3. In terms of a longer-term target, we will give you more information on that when we talk about our ’07 results. 
Joe Tucci: The answer to your question is I think relating to our business, I think the biggies that have been pretty consistent are things around compliance, around consolidation, and customers have really bought off on this tiering of storage. Those things are really big, and of course, that tiering does apply to archiving and all those aspects of archiving I talked about. I think the two I would highlight additionally is there is a lot more focus now on new apps to help business process than I have seen in a while, which I think bodes well. Also, one which I did not see coming into the year, but there is an incredible focus now on what I call the environmentals. I mentioned it about VMware, also mentioned it about our tiered storage. A tremendous focus on environmentals. You know, data center space is getting incredibly precious. Watching the power consumptions and how you dissipate heat are all just incredibly important to customers and have increased far more than what I would have expected them coming into the year, so maybe the apps and the environmentals are the two new ones that I see coming on, and then the other things are pretty consistent that we have been capitalizing on all year, and I think are going to continue. I know are going to continue. 
Andrew Neff - Bear Stearns: Do you think spending intentions are increasing, decreasing, staying the same? How would you talk about that?
Joe Tucci: I think they are still in line with what we have talked about. I mean, I think you are still seeing a healthy year. I think there is a great deal of confidence out there in the business community and they are going to spend to create business advantage and they are going spend to, like we are, like we did with Synergy, they are going to spend to help them get more cost efficient.  I think it is a healthy environment out there, Andy. I really do. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Andy. Next question, please. 
Operator: Chris Whitmore with Deutsche Bank, you may ask your question. 
Chris Whitmore - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. I wanted to understand product gross margins a little bit better. Despite the acceleration in top-line growth, margins declined -- product margins declined both on a sequential and year-on-year basis. Can you talk about either mix drivers or pricing actions taken during the quarter that may have affected margins? Thanks. 
David Goulden: Certainly. In my remarks, I commented that we had a 50 basis point negative impact of a higher percentage of systems or product revenue during the quarter, so that was a factor. In fact, if you exclude security, that mix impact headwind was actually 80 basis points.  From a pricing point of view, we saw a very normal pricing environment in the quarter in terms of normal annual declines of both Sym and CLARiiON, so those are the major factors impacting margin. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Chris. Next question, please. 
Operator: William Fearnley with FTN Midwest, you may ask your question. 
William Fearnley - FTN Midwest Research: Yes, good morning. Could you guys comment on your efforts to establish more linearity of orders during the quarter? How did it work out for you this quarter versus your expectations after your commentary in the second quarter earnings call? Thanks.
Joe Tucci: It is interesting. I mean, there was a slight improvement in linearity, but the quarter felt better. I do not know why that -- how those two things jive. All quarter there seemed to be a better rhythm, but if you looked at the actual calendarization, while slightly better, we still do more than 60% of our revenue in the last month, and a good piece of that falls to the last two weeks, so we are putting in incentives to book early. Sales reps can make more if they do not book on those last two weeks, or three weeks. There is a lot of plans that we continue to implement and we will continue to fight with that formula.  So we saw a slight improvement, and I think our -- but our new system is being in place and obviously we took on a little extra inventory, which we do not want to do as a systemic answer, just helped the quarter feel better and the commits from the field are stronger this quarter all through, so it was good. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Bill. We have time for one more question, and then Joe will have concluding comments. 
Operator: Brian Freed with Morgan Keegan, you may ask your question. 
Brian Freed - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Thanks, guys. A few months back you guys announced a relationship with Intel on the low end. Can you update us on the progress or the status of that relationship?
Joe Tucci: We think it will be important as we go attack that low end SNB market where you have more kind of a serve storage affinity. The white box market is a robust marketplace. It is going very well with Intel. We will talk more about it next quarter.  In closing, I want to thank you as always for joining us. As I said, I think overall the quarter was quite healthy. We obviously had less than our normal performance last quarter. I think the reasons we did give you, and we do not like to use excuses, but we gave you the real reasons of what did happen. We have corrected them this quarter. We think we are on track for a good year. I absolutely believe, as we create this one EMC plus VMware, we will be well-positioned, assuming we -- not assuming, we will get also the cost efficiencies we talked about. I believe we will be very well-positioned for next year and the future, and I am quite excited looking forward. So again, thank you for being with us and we will keep in touch.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-14 10:45:00) =====
Executives: Joe Tucci - Chairman, President, CEO  Bill Teuber - Vice Chairman, CFO Tony Takazawa - Vice President of Global Investor Relations
Analysts: Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs  Dan Renouard - Robert Baird  Rebecca Runkle - Morgan Stanley  Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers  Paul Mansky – Citigroup  Glenn Hanus – Needham  Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards  Keith Bachman - Banc of America
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning. Welcome to EMC's call to discuss our 2Q 2006 financial results. We are going to shake up the batting order a bit today and kick things off with Joe Tucci, EMC's Chairman, President, and CEO. Joe will spend some time walking you through what happened in the quarter. He will also talk about what he sees in terms of customer budgets, the competitive environment, and the outlook for the rest of the year. We will then be joined by Bill Teuber, Vice Chairman and CFO. Bill will lead you through some of the details of our results.  After their prepared remarks, we will then open up the lines to take your questions. We will be making references to our slides today, so we encourage you to view them on EMC's website at EMC.com. An archive of the audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call.  Finally, I do want to note that the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ from those forward-looking statements can be found in EMC's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce Joe Tucci. 
Joe Tucci: Thank you, Tony and thank you all for joining us today. Let me start out by stating that while we had some real bright spots in Q2, I am deeply disappointed with our performance this past quarter. Our overall execution was clearly not up to EMC's standards. The senior executive team -- especially me -- takes full responsibility; and I give you my personal commitment that we can and will do better.  I would now like to take you on a fairly deep analysis of our business. Let's start with a bit of good news. We firmly believe that our ILM and information infrastructure strategies are being very well received by our customers and the IT market in general. We see a healthy demand for our hardware and software products that underpins our strategy, as well as for our service offerings that help customers maximize value from our solutions.  For sure, the leading economic indicator for the health of almost any business is new bookings growth and the underlying margin trends. Both these trends were solid for EMC in Q2. Bookings grew 14% year-over-year and margins on that book of business were healthy.  To give you yet another layer of visibility, within our overall bookings growth of 14%, our storage products bookings grew 11% and gross margins on these bookings were also healthy. Our storage products are primarily comprised of our Symmetrix, CLARiiON, Centera, Celerra, Invista, and Rainfinity hardware and software products, our Connectrix switches and directors, our backup recovery, Power Path and resource management software.  Our service bookings grew 12% year-on-year. This represents an impressive rebound from Q1. This was the result of the action plans we put in place to assure our focus on profitably growing our services business.  Now, I will bring down our Q2 analysis even another layer and share our storage booking trends with you. As we have already stated, the quarter was very back-end loaded. In fact, as we entered the last week of the quarter, we needed about $500 million of bookings to meet our plan. I am proud to say our sales organizations really stepped up and actually booked almost 10% more than that in the final week, a terrific performance. To repeat myself, the margins on these late bookings were solid.  By the way, I want to point out that we did have numerous incentives in place for our sales force to bring in orders earlier. Yet as I said, approximately $550 million of orders came in during the last week of June. By the way, we were confident of our ability to achieve this end of quarter goal, as we had ample bid coverage and firm field commitments to make our plan.  To answer a question that I know is on a lot of your minds, namely, when we announced our intention to acquire RSA on Thursday afternoon, June 29, did we expect to achieve our revenue and GAAP EPS guidance for the quarter? The answer is yes. Again, the quality of customer names along with strong field commitments gave us confidence.  So what happened? The primary answer lies in the wrong mix and factory inventories, specifically with Symmetrix DMX. Now let me state that I absolutely believe this issue was a self-induced execution failure on our part. There is no excuse.  As we were progressing through the quarter, bookings on both DMX 2 and DMX 3 were tracking well relative to their respective plans. During the final week of the quarter, DMX 3 orders literally exploded, while DMX 2 stalled. A significant piece of this phenomenon happened in the last two days of the quarter. These bookings came from a deal pipeline that was larger in size than what we booked and included both potential DMX 2 and DMX 3 deals.  What surprised us was that a very high percentage of deals that ultimately came in were for DMX 3, causing a severe shortage. While we did have contingency capacity to ship more than 100% of our DMX 3 plan, we did not have sufficient systems built to meet all of the demand. So in essence, we had too many DMX 2s in inventory and too few DMX 3s.  Remember, in most cases, these DMX 3 orders had other EMC hardware and software products on the same PO or purchase order; products like Centera, products like CLARiiON, products like Connectrix switches, which in many cases -- indeed, most cases -- we could not ship because of customer contractual requirements to only ship complete orders. Due to lateness of the quarter, we did not have the ability to go back to customers and secure their permission or consent to ship these partial orders.  So what did we learn from this experience? Well, we learned a lot. Number one is we need to make new product transitions faster, even major product transitions. We need to trust our ability to quickly prove to customers that we have done very extensive compatibility and regression testing, and trust our sales organizations to get the transition job done faster.  Secondly, we know we played it too tight with our supply chain. We need to make sure we have ample new product parts and components to build out extra systems.  Third, we kept DMX 2 in production too long. Obviously, making a single product line, or a single DMX product line in this case, is more efficient and far easier.  The good news is we are now through this transition. All new SIM builds will be DMX 3. The best news is that customers love the performance, the scalability, the functionality, and the availability of the DMX 3. DMX 3 clearly is the benchmark by which all other storage systems are judged.  Speaking of transitions, I would like to take you through another transition, which was our CLARiiON CX to CX 3 transition. First, let me state that mid-tier storage transitions are always faster than high-end transitions.  Second, let me remind you that in general, there are two types of new product introductions which we categorize in two distinct buckets. The first category I would categorize as a major transition. This is when a new product has substantially changed its underlying base technology. This isn't just gimmicky marketing names; this is really new underlying technology.  The second type of new product introduction is substantially what we call a mid-life kicker. This is where you put in faster chips; you put in faster connectivity; more memory; more cache; more drives; more features and an OS. Symmetrix 5 to DMX 1, and DMX 2 to DMX 3 were examples of major transitions. DMX 1 to DMX 2 was an example of a mid-life kicker.  Customers are very sophisticated these days, and they always know -- in fact, we tell them -- which is which. When we introduce a major new product like DMX 3 or CX 3, enterprise customers will always insist on more testing within their own specific environment before ordering the product and buying for production. Thus a longer transition period takes place.  So back to our CX to CX 3 transition. The CX 3 is truly all-new. It is the only -- and it's still the only -- full 4-gigabyte storage system shipping in the market today. It is absolutely a major transition type. The new CX 3 family was announced on May 8th, so obviously we sold zero units before then, as you can see in the chart that is before you on the webcast.  So orders began hitting our factories in week 7, which is the following week to introduction. By the end of the quarter, as you can see, the CX 3 had really started to gain customer acceptance. In fact, in this last week over 70% of the new CLARiiON system orders were for CX 3. Thus the two points I talked about played out. Since the CX 3 was a major product introduction, customers needed time to get comfortable with its compatibility and its reliability.  Second , mid-tier storage transactions do happen faster than high-end ones. But we did need more time to ramp up our sales and bookings than just the seven weeks we allowed ourselves in Q2. Thus CLARiiON revenues year-on-year grew only 4%. Bookings, however, did grow in the double-digits.  The great news is that customers' interest and reception of the new CX 3 is excellent. The CX 3 absolutely offers the highest performance, the highest quality, the best availability, the best cost performance of any -- and I mean any – mid-tier storage system, period.  Even better news is that the transition to the CX 3 is now substantially complete. I would now like to make a few comments on trends that we're seeing in the IT marketplace and on competition. We are seeing the exact same competitors in the market we have seen for years. For sure, several of these competitors have refreshed their product lines. Also for sure, customers are forcing a more formal bidding process, which is one factor affecting the timing of orders.  The good news is that customers' demand for storage and information infrastructure products and services is still strong. The better news is that with our new DMX 3 and CX 3 family of products, we are well positioned and our win rates are strong.  I mentioned earlier that EMC had a significant number of real bright spots in Q2, and I would like to take you through several of them right now. Let's start with VMware. VMware had revenues up 73%, to $157 million. The third generation of ESX is a huge hit with customers. Customers understand that Virtual Infrastructure 3 benefits go way beyond the Hypervisor, and the reception and the proliferation of this technology is nothing short of fantastic.  Content management, another huge success, up 79% year-on-year. Now to be fair, we did acquire Captiva some months ago, which was not in the previous year's count. But even if you took Captiva out, the license revenue growth in content management was up over 30%. Again, a very important market where we are doing exceedingly well.  SMARTS. The market is really understanding what model-based resource management can do. Revenues in SMARTS nearly doubled year-on-year. We also had strength in our Centera and Celerra NAS products. Centera is object storage, as you know, fixed content; and Celerra is NAS. Both grew over 20%. SIM revenues were flat because of the backlog issues I talked to you about. Bookings were up over 9%.  We also had nice rebounds in our services business. As you recall, last quarter services business was only up 6%. It rebounded to 9% on a bookings rebound of over 12%.  Our back-up and recovery business had a nice rebound. Revenues were up year on year over 13%. In mid-June I spent eight days in APJ. I traveled to India, China, and Japan. I can tell you we have new leadership in place and we are regaining momentum.  CLARiiON, I went through that in pretty good detail. The ramp and the customer acceptance on CX 3 is great, and I know this is going to be a big winner going forward.  So, let's turn to guidance. Based on the lateness of customer orders, order flow over the last several quarters and the attendant necessity for EMC to run with larger backlogs, I believe it is prudent for us to reduce our targets for the year. As part of this action, I assure you we will focus on cost control and integration synergies.  Our guidance for Q3 is for revenue to be at or exceed $2.66 billion and for GAAP EPS to be at $0.12. For the year 2006, we believe revenues should exceed $10.8 billion -- that would be up 12% -- and GAAP EPS should be approximately $0.51.  Before I go to my closing remarks, I would like to review our major acquisition track record with you. Those of you that are on the website can see this on your screens.  VMware. We acquired VMware in January of '04. The annual revenues, as we acquired it, were $75 million. If I take the Q2 accomplishment of $157.5 million and multiplied it by four, this would be an annualized run rate of $630 million. Of course this is still on a trajectory, but if we do this -- that revenue exactly for 2006 -- that would represent a compounded annual growth rate, since we acquired VMware, of 103%. Pretty fantastic.  Documentum. We acquired Documentum in December of '03, very late December of '03. Its pre-acquisition annual revenues was $289 million. You'll see the exact same number there, ironically, as VMware; that also did $157.5 million and that also is a $630 million annualized run rate business.  To be fair, again, we acquired Captiva several months ago for $74 million. Let's back that out of the $630 million. So $289 million to that $556 million or so number would be about a 24% compounded annual growth rate. Again, fantastic growing multiples. Growing more than twice as fast as what this industry is growing.  SMARTS. We acquired SMARTS in February of 2005. It had annualized revenues at that time of $67 million. If you take SMARTS' Q2 times four, that is $128 million. Again, this is on a trajectory, and we would expect this number also to be bigger than $128 million on an annual basis. But just taking $128 million, that would be a CAGR of 38%.  All of these companies were what I would call best-of-breed in their industry and had fantastic leadership, which is one of the reasons why we have been so successful as they continue to help us drive this inside of EMC.  Turning to Legato, we acquired Legato -- again mostly back-up recovery and archive software -- in December of '03. It had annualized revenues of $316 million. If I look at Q2 times four, that would be $433 million for a CAGR of 11%. While not as fast as the other three companies, I would remind you that if you look at this industry and the growth rates in back-up recovery, which are low single digits, we are also growing several times as fast as this market.  So how is this being done? How are we accomplishing this, what I think is a pretty phenomenal success with our acquisitions? The answer is two things: leadership and leverage. By buying, in most cases, best-of-breed companies and making sure that the leadership that was driving that company becomes a real part of the senior leadership of EMC has worked incredibly well.  And by leverage. Leveraging our large EMC sales organization, and the phenomenal reach we have to help shorten sales cycles for these new members of our family. By leveraging our reputation for high-quality products and global support. By leveraging the trust factor we have built up with customers. EMC is a company customers trust in their data centers with their most mission-critical tasks. By leveraging our G&A and back office functions to reduce costs.  But most importantly, customers understand how collectively EMC's information infrastructure and portfolio of products, services and solutions is growing in both relevance and importance to them.  Let's turn to RSA for a second. RSA is another best-of-breed company. RSA Security will operate under the RSA Security brand as EMC's information security division. It will be led by RSA's CEO, Art Coviello. RSA will retain its own specialized sales, marketing and development functions and obviously will leverage all those things from EMC that I talked about. It is our goal with RSA to serve both companies' customers two ways: creating synergies across all of EMC's products and businesses as we laid out for you, while continuing to develop an independent security franchise.  So in closing, I believe, EMC is one of the best technology businesses out there. We are focused on both short-term performance as well as long-term opportunity and success. While we did have some missteps, we're stepping up in ownership; we are offering no excuses. Again, I commit we can and will do better.  With that, let me turn it over to Bill Teuber to drill down a little bit further into the financial aspects of the quarter. 
Bill Teuber: Thanks, Joe. First let me say this is the earliest analyst call we have ever had here at EMC. While Joe has highlighted a number of areas of interest this quarter, I'm going to take you through our overall business results from top to bottom.  Results were $2.575 billion, up 10%. EPS on a GAAP basis was $0.12. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.15, which excludes stock option expense, restricted stock expense, intangible amortization, as well as a $0.01 benefit from taxes partially offset by an in-process R&D charge.  This quarter, our systems revenues were up 8%. Software revenues were up 14%. Service revenues were up 9%, a nice bounce-back from last quarter. In fact, that growth was pretty balanced across the revenue lines as a positive result. In addition, Joe mentioned these results are not truly indicative of the actual demand, as orders were much stronger than reported revenues.  Turning to our geographic results, obviously the issues around product availability and the timing of customer orders were factors in the global results. North American revenues were up 10% year-over-year. Demand here continues to be good, especially in the high-end systems. This market was 59% of our total revenues.  EMEA revenues were up 12%. We saw good results in Eastern Europe and in a number of the more established markets in the region. APJ revenues were up 2% from last year. We said last quarter that this would not be a one-quarter fix. We made progress in the quarter, and we hope to see better financial results in the second half of the year.  Finally, Latin American revenues were up 21%. We continue to see good opportunity in this area of the world, and Mexico was the best performer in the region.  Now, let's move from this geographic discussion to one that is more business line focused. We continue to provide you with the traditional supplemental revenue line, and I will talk about many of these today. However, as I have mentioned several times in the past, we will be moving away from this format towards a more business segment view of our results, while continuing to provide color around the more discrete product lines. This type of analysis makes the most sense, since it reflects the way we go to market and the way our customers acquire our solutions.  Let's take a look at some of the traditional storage-related businesses. Symmetrix was essentially flat for the quarter, and CLARiiON was up 4%. Bill covered a lot of what transpired here during the quarter, so I won't belabor the point.  In our traditional platform software, license and maintenance revenues were down 2%. Looking at some of the other software highlights, our content management business had an outstanding quarter. Software licenses were up 79%, and the overall business was up 56%. Excluding Captiva, license revenues were up more than 30%.  As Joe mentioned, we had very nice rebound in our backup and archive software licenses which were up 13%, and SMARTS nearly doubled. VMware continues to shine; both license revenue and overall growth were up in excess of 70%. Dell was 14% of our total revenues again this quarter.  Turning now to the rest of the income statement, all of my comments will be centered around our results on a non-GAAP basis, which includes the impact of the equity compensation expense, intangible amortization, and restructuring and other special charges.  Our gross margin for the quarter was 54.2%, up 30 basis points from Q1 of '06. Mix was the driver here. Total operating costs for Q2 were up 13.7% or $119 million from last year. The high levels of investment here are due to our anticipation of hitting higher revenue targets and the fact that Q2 and Q4 are quarters where we traditionally make larger investments.  The increase in operating expense is focused on growing our revenue opportunities. Let me take a minute and break out where the investment is going. We're investing heavily in VMware. In fact, we are actually growing expenses here faster than revenues to ensure we capture the full market opportunity of this game-changing technology. As you can see from the chart, the investment in VMware represents the largest component of the increase in operating expenses this quarter.  Our content management business, excluding acquisitions from the past year, was about 10% of the total operating expense increase and up 16% from last year. Considering that our license revenue, excluding Captiva, grew 30%, you can see we are gaining significant leverage from our investment here. This is close to the model which we target.  Operating expenses for the traditional EMC storage-related business were a little less than one-third of the total operating expense increase, and up 5% from Q2 of last year. Had revenues grown as fast as our storage bookings, leverage here would have been in the right range.  Finally, approximately 25% of the total operating expense increase was related to acquisitions which we have done in the last year and are in the early stages of integration. Thus, we have not optimize the revenue expense ratio yet.  So you can see that the increase in expenses came from important areas of growth for the Company. As we move forward, we're focused on gaining additional synergies from each of these areas, especially as we leverage the entire EMC footprint.  From a corporate perspective, we will continue to focus on gaining efficiencies. We intend to go to the next level of integration with our G&A processes and create additional leverage between the sales forces we have in place.  Turning now to taxes, we benefited from a lower tax rate due to the closure of a few audits this quarter. This benefited us by $0.01 in the quarter. The tax rate we expect for the rest of the year is approximately 26% on a GAAP basis.  CapEx for the quarter was $156 million, and depreciation and amortization was $183 million in the quarter.  Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments came in at $6.3 billion, down from the $7.4 billion in Q1. During the quarter, we accelerated our buyback, using $1 billion for 78 million shares; redeemed $125 million of outstanding convertible debt; and spent $283 million on acquisitions and investments.  DSOs came in at 45 days, right in the middle of our targeted range. Inventory was $764 million, up almost $ 70 million from Q1. We believe we have ample demand for the DMX 2s that remain in inventory at the end of the quarter. We have an installed base of well over 12,000 DMX 1s and DMX 2s, and we have many customers who want to expand their storage environment with these systems.  Deferred revenue continued to increase this quarter, up about $29 million from Q1. I want to spend a few minutes on our use of cash. There's been a lot of discussion around the various potential uses of cash, so I want to discuss how we look at it. We have historically done three things with our cash: invest it; repurchase our shares; and make acquisitions that add shareholder value over time. For our invested cash in Q2 our rate of return was slightly north of 4.25%. As you can see, we get a modest benefit from interest income; but this is obviously not a long-term, strategic benefit for the Company.  Four our buyback program, as I previously mentioned, we bought 78 million shares, spending $1 billion in Q2. It's important to remember that you forego the benefit of investment income when you engage in this activity.  Lastly, on the acquisition and investment front, we spent $283 million this quarter. Spending in this area expands our market opportunity and strengthens our competitive advantage.  Turning now to guidance, our outlook for Q3 and the rest of the year currently excludes the impact of the RSA acquisition. As Joe said, our guidance for Q3 is for revenues to be at or above $2.66 billion and GAAP EPS to be $0.12. Excluding stock option expense of $0.02 and combined amortization, intangible amortization and restricted stock expense of $0.02, we expect non-GAAP EPS to be $0.16.  For the year, we believe revenue should exceed $10.8 billion and GAAP EPS should be approximately $0.51. Excluding stock option expense of $0.09 and combined intangible amortization and restricted stock expense of $0.08, we expect non-GAAP EPS to be approximately $0.68. The amortization, which was previously rounded down to $0.07, now rounds to $0.08 for the year due to our recent acquisitions and a few fewer shares in the base.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Tony. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Bill. Before we open up the lines for your questions, as usual we ask you to try and limit yourself to one question, including clarifications. This will enable us to take as many questions as possible in the time we have allotted. We thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. Laurie, can we open up the lines for questions, please? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs. 
 Laura Conigliaro - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I understand that you are in a mode where you are really trying to build more backlog; and therefore you appear to be holding back more on revenue expense, go-forward actual results. But you really did have a substantial additional backlog. Maybe you can go into a little more detail about why? What is it in the environment or anything else that is causing you to hold back on what you're characterizing as go-forward targets?  As part of that, maybe you can give some more detail on the kind of backlog build targets that you have for the end of this year, and how we will be able to metric that as the year goes on? Will you be giving us more information on this? 
Joe Tucci: What is causing customers to order so late, I can't put my finger on it 100%. Obviously, I have said that I do believe that the environment is more competitive. I do believe there are more bid processes. I do believe there are more kinds of checks in the system. You have chief security officers getting involved now in decisions in storage, which we had not seen before, for instance. Purchasing departments are continuing to flex their muscles. And again, more formal processes. So the demand is still good. It is just taking longer to get through a pipeline.  Obviously, we have been complicating the issues with going through this transition cycle. As you got from our remarks, we did not execute the DMX 2 to 3 transition even close to adequate; and that is our fault. I think the CX 3 transition is going great. Just timing. So it's a little bit of all of that.  I do see, as I said, sufficient budgets. I mean, your own survey, Laura, as well as others I have read, storage is still right up there. As a matter-of-fact, storage and security still dominates the list; and other things we do, like VMware and content management, are hot. So I think our portfolio of products is good. Our sales force is phenomenal.  I would use a baseball analogy here. I just find three quarters in a row now we are doing a tremendous number of diving catches in the outfield here. Twice, even though we caught the ball, you haven't got enough time to throw it to get the runner out. So I just think it's more prudent to say, okay, we just have to go with bigger backlogs and a little more conservatism.  To the same point, I have indicated that Bill and I are going to go after more of the synergies around the acquisitions we have done; not in terms of the go-to-market or development, but in terms of everything else we do; and really work the cost the side hard; and just run the business a little more conservatively. And hopefully -- Laura, to your favorite word -- be able to be in a better position to gain our footing and to create some upside.  So it is prudent, and I think over time we will try to give you -- Bill and I have to talk about it -- but we will try to give you better metrics on what is happening with this backlog. But we're talking of backlogs here that are more than double, closing in on triple what we would have run, say, a year or two years ago. So they are growing substantially. We need it because you never know what customers are going to order. We are chasing thousands of orders at the end of a quarter, and hundreds of those orders come in. If the mix is wrong -- we don't want to be sloppy and just carry huge inventories. One of the reasons EMC did great transitions in the past was we carried bigger inventories, and we had turns of four; and we certainly don't want to go back there. We need to make sure that we run efficiently.  So we just think this is more prudent. As we regain our footing I absolutely believe the market will like the answer. Bill, you want to add anything? 
Bill Teuber: We certainly have talked about it the last few quarters, and we will give you the information you need to assess what is happening, both at the revenue line and at this line. That would be the only fair thing to do. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Renouard - Robert Baird. 
 Dan Renouard - Robert Baird: My question is on the expense line. As you stumbled little bit, growth rates have come in meaningfully over the last year or two, so now you are growing slower than you thought. Obviously, you hope to better. Some of the faster-growing areas seem to be expensive to grow. Maybe you could just give us some comfort and a little more detail into how you plan to manage your expenses, maybe as a percent of revenue, down over the next several quarters. Thanks.
Joe Tucci: Again, I will let Bill comment specifically. But I think the chart that Bill did, that pie chart, on how we are thinking: we're hyper investing in VMware because of that phenomenal, phenomenal potential. I think what we're doing, led by Dave DeWalt, in the content management area is perfect. We are growing revenues there; expenses there half the rate of revenues, if we hit the revenue targets we wanted in our core business; I think we're doing a good job there. Of course, in the last few months here, we have acquired five companies. So there is obviously a lot we need to do and really step up on just the basket of acquisitions we have had. We need to really step up there. We have showed you, I think without a shadow of a doubt, that if you look at what we did in 2002 -- which you gave us like AAs for, and A+s for in the scorecard -- we know how to go after costs. I am telling you that is part of this get a little more conservative, get our feet underneath us plan.
Bill Teuber:  It's Bill. As Joe said, there's a variety of things. But on some of the specifics, we put in some new systems this year. We have some new systems coming online at the second half of the year, which everyone within the EMC family is going to be able to leverage. Previously, some of the acquisitions were using their own systems, obviously creating some redundancy. So that is an example. You see evidence of that just in the CapEx line, some of the systems we have invested in over a period of time, to be able to get that. That also drives leverage at the tax line, because some of the ways we are organized internationally reflect how we are able to report the numbers. So there is going to be potentially some benefit up and down the income statement. So both from an operational standpoint and from a structure standpoint, we want to see continued efficiencies.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Rebecca Runkle - Morgan Stanley.
 Rebecca Runkle - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot, good morning. Joe, in your commentary you don't really seem to highlight increased competition per se as being a factor. Just on that point, some would obviously look at the extended sales cycle, the more formal sales review process and interpret that as being increased competition. So just to give us some confidence in the fact that you are not seeing increased competition, can you talk about how win rates have changed both on the Symmetrix platform and CLARiiON platform over the last 12 months, and then in this latest quarter?
Joe Tucci: Sure, Rebecca. I did acknowledge -- maybe I didn't do it well; I will do it again. What I tried to say was that I don't see new competitors. You see a lot of kind of flashy advertising for a lot of -- I'm talking primarily with our storage business now -- for new companies getting in the storage business. I think if you added them all up, it is two bits of nothing. That is definitely not a factor. So the competitors that we see out there are the ones that have been out there for a long time. It is IBM, it is HP, it is NetApps, right? For sure, I said that these competitors have refreshed their product families, and to that extent as they refresh, they are get stronger. I think what they have done in the enterprise, as we look at our end win rates in the enterprise, they just have not changed much. Now you can slash that any way you want, but that is the facts, and I am not making it up. We have got good win rates. Of course with win rates, we look at bookings, right? So some of the bookings didn't turn; so obviously when the share count, when share goes on revenues, like in mid-tier and in high-end -- I don't know what will happen in high-end, but mid-tier for sure -- as sure as I'm sitting here we will lose some share this quarter because we didn't turn it. But the bookings are there, and that is just timing. So in the enterprise we are holding our own. One of the factors I said that is forcing these competitive bids, there are new product lines and there are more emphasis on this. But as we get into the bids our win rates are excellent. I think when you get into the lower end of the market, where I think some of our competitors are having great success, we really have a single product now on the low end of the market, which is the AX150. That is not sufficient. So while the AX150 is doing fantastic to really get the potential of what this SMB market can do, and I do think that is the fastest-growing part of the market, we need a product family. That is coming. That is a lower-end product than the AX150 and that is a higher-end product to AX150. You have seen so many announcements we have done with Intel, so many announcements we have done with NEC, that kind of hints at what we are doing on the lower end. I guarantee there is a bigger brother coming to the AX150 too. I think that is one of the things we need, and we're not executing there on all cylinders because of that. So that is how I would break up competition. They are stronger, they are forcing more competitive bids, they're forcing a lateness. Our win rates are great. In the CX 3 and the DMX 3 we are holding our own. When you go into the SMB and lower end of the market, we're not sufficient from a product point of view.  Hang in here; six months or so and I think we're going to rock the world there too. It is our goal to be the leader in the low-end storage also, not only high-end and mid-tier.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: I just want to circle back to probably a lot of what is on slide 4 in terms of the bookings strength that you guys indicated. I'm just trying to get a sense on how much of that bookings strength is really through the organic means, excluding the acquisition contribution over the last 12 months? Also trying to get a sense of overall channel mix. In the past you guys have kind of said CLARiiON was a third, a third, a third. But trying to get a broader sense of what your direct to indirect business mix is.
Joe Tucci :  Let me put it this way. The backlog is 100% -- basically this change in backlog is 99% -- it is the Ivory soap, 0.9944% EMC core storage that is causing that. It is not the acquisitions causing that effect, Harry. You asked about CLARiiON. You know, it is still as Bill said: a third, a third, a third. I know Tony hates it when you do this, but give me a clarification question if you want; I am not sure what you're asking there.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Joe, basically what I am driving at is you guys have, over the past several years, really grown your indirect channel business through Dell, through some of the other channel partners -- Intel, etc. I'm just trying to get a sense of the growth rate, if you will, in the direct business versus the indirect business; or how that mix has changed, say, over the last 12 months.
Joe Tucci :  We always break it up into three buckets: direct, indirect, and Dell, which is also a channel. As Bill told you it was about a third, a third, a third.
Bill Teuber : That is sort of in the past, but we are trying to grow Dell and the other indirect channel. That is beneficial to us. So whether it is going to be a third, a third, a third as we go out, the two channels are growing a little bit better than the direct because we're trying to feed the other channel.
Joe Tucci: That is because of that SMB effect that I talked to you about. As I told you, we have had and are having great success with the AX150. We understand when we go down there, this is a clear 100% indirect sell. So as that becomes a bigger part of our portfolio, that is our extent. Of the three, Dell grew faster than the 4%. I think it bodes great, because as Dell goes into their last month of their quarter, as you saw by the chart that we showed you; for the first time we actually showed you the ramp. You can see the CX 3 is up the ramp as Dell goes into the third quarter. So I think that bodes well for Dell, too.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Joe, what I was trying to get at is one of the theories of making all the acquisitions and growing out your service business over the last several years is that you have got this awesome enterprise class sales force that does have a lot of trust in the enterprise, based on every survey. But it doesn't feel like that is necessarily translating. That broader product set addressing the bigger customer wallet doesn't necessarily feel like it is translating or really getting the leverage and the synergies from being able to use that particular channel with a broader product offering. That is the piece I'm really trying to get at.
Joe Tucci : I would disagree, I think. I took you through the success of our acquisitions and the integration and why I think they're working as well as they are. Certainly that leverage is happening. Certainly, again, since I love baseball, if this was a baseball game, Harry, I would say we are still in maybe the bottom of the third. There is a lot more we can do in terms of leverage both on the go to market side and on the cost side, and we're going to go after that with a vengeance right now.
 Harry Blount - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Mansky - Citigroup.
 Paul Mansky – Citigroup: Joe, I guess this is probably for you. On the product side, exactly a year ago on the call you mentioned that EMC had widened its offer pricing bands. About a quarter or so later you launched the new systems with the high-capacity drives. Since that time, we have seen platform software attach rates on SIM drop from about 33% to about 27% per my model. As we anniversary that adjustment and head into the back half of this year, directionally how should we be thinking about the platform? Specifically, platform software attach rates?
Joe Tucci: Let me give you the real answer. The real answer is what we are going to try to focus on -- and obviously we give a lot of data – but what we really want to focus on is the storage business. Because what we're really bidding is we are bidding these things to get -- I mean, customers don't care. Part of it is software, part of it hardware. But a customer is buying this set. So they are buying a Symmetrix; and then they are going to buy PowerPath; and then they are going to buy SRDF; and then they are going to buy a Connectrix switch. Then they might buy something for backup; and they might buy like a Centera for fixed content. What they want is, what's the price for that stack? They say, go ahead, EMC; break it up some ways and we'll obviously have hardware/software. So what we really need to focus on and what we're trying to do here, Paul, is say hey, how fast is this storage stack? I just defined the storage stack, rather than focus on the pieces. If I incent the sales forces, they will force more into software. If I say hey, hardware too. That is just not the way customers are buying. It's not the way the competitors are competing with us. It is a stack, and what we really need to do is you really need to focus much more on that complete solution for storage. Again, you can look at where we're heading. We are heading to business units -- not heading, we are there. There is a business unit for content management and archive. There is going to be a business unit for VMware, obviously, which we run very independently. There is a business unit which will be our EMC Security, RSA. Then we're going to have our storage business. We are going to focus you more and more on really good trends around those businesses, which is the way we go to market. Then of course, across that, in the back office we've got to get synergies. We can get synergies in services, and we can get synergies in go to market. That is the real way we need to think of this business, because this other stuff is -- it is all in the pie, right?
Operator:  Our next question comes from Glenn Hanus - Needham.
 Glenn Hanus – Needham:  Back on Analysts Day, you talked about budgets being committed for '06, but people under-spending them. You were sort of wondering whether that meant there was going to be a pickup in the second half or that indicated a trend. Could you comment on the broad environment, perhaps by geography, and how you might update that comment?
Joe Tucci: Yes. Obviously, I wish I didn't make that comment. Because I think it got very misunderstood. Two things I was trying to get across is, a very positive thing I was trying to get across which was totally missed, which was when I talk to customers and ask them, what percentage of budget increases, it is healthy. So the CIOs have budgets out there. Clearly, what I did not get across is they spend more in the second half every year than they do in the first half. You know, if you look at most companies in this industry, there is a big spike in Q4 with a bit of a budget flush. I think everything is teed up again, that you're going to see the exact same thing this year. There will be. So if you look at, you run three quarters. You have Q4; you go down a little bit in Q1; you kind of come back to that level of Q4 for Q2 and Q3; and then you spike in Q4. I think it is going to be the same, and that is all I was trying to indicate. I think the budgets were good since they are not spending half of their budget in the first half of the year for sure, and they never do. They never do. I do believe in everything I see that you will see a better second half than a first half.
 Glenn Hanus – Needham:  So there is nothing that has really changed in the environment?
Joe Tucci: No, I think what has changed is there is something that definitely -- by the way, when I talk to my peers out there, I know in the one-on-ones and behind closed doors in meetings that we happen to be in together, there is a lot of talk about they're seeing also elongated cycles and more back end. So there is something causing that, but I think a lot of that is just more process now. Companies are following more and more bid process as part of their Sarbanes-Oxley. Their chief security officers are getting involved in what we do, and they never did before, as security is very important in the IT environment. Purchasing departments are continuing to get more involved; and all of this forms more of a process. We still have a big dependence here on enterprise accounts. I do see a little bit of movement to the right. There's more reviews, and I think that is part of the processes under Sarbanes-Oxley that companies have that we do it here internally. There is more checks to make sure that processes are being followed, and I think that is just causing a little bit of back end, and that causes a different flow to your business. If you figure, if we were going to do $2.66 billion plus in revenue, forgetting even about backlog; and I just told you we did $550 million in the last week, that is 20% the last week; and a big piece of that was the last two or three days. So that is no way to run a business. So that is why I'm saying we have got to be more prudent here. We've got to carry bigger backlogs if we're going to pull off this kind of trending. That is what I see, so that is where we have to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards.
 Aaron Rakers - A.G. Edwards:  One clarification. I apologize if I missed it, but you have mentioned order growth in the Symmetrix business being about 9% year-over-year. Can you provide the order growth in the CLARiiON business, what that looked like? Also, how should we think about the gross margin structure looking into the back half of the year, as you now have noted that you fully transitioned to the new products? Is it fair to assume that as you rationalize your inventory levels and those products carry a more favorable component cost dynamic that we should see a decent spike in gross margin going forward?
Joe Tucci: Well, you're seeing decent price in gross margins now. I think we have done a great job in both our design, our service ability, to really try to pick up some margins in a competitive market. To answer your CLARiiON question, it is low single digit bookings growth. Absolutely.  What did I say? I'm sorry, low double-digits. I'm sorry, low double-digit booking growth in CLARiiON. It's 4% on the revenue side, low double-digits on the revenue side.
 Bill Teuber : On the gross margin question, you know the factors that impact you there. It is volume, it is mix, and it is the price costs, other. Volume obviously helped in the second half of the year. As we do more software that should help us. The other factors typically are planned to be a wash. They never are in any particular quarter; but you have seen our gross margins grow in the second half of the year traditionally.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Keith Bachman - Banc of America.
 Keith Bachman - Banc of America:  Joe, this is for you. I want to jump back to CLARiiON for a second. I think in the last comment you said low double-digit backlog, or bookings growth, rather. What I am really trying to understand is CLARiiON to me was a big surprise this quarter, even given the product transition. I just want to try to understand how we should be thinking about the revenue growth profile. Is that back to double-digits? A different way to ask the question is, that double-digit bookings growth, how was that impacted by the product introductions since the CX 3 was introduced in week 7? 
Joe Tucci: What happens to us now, because of some of our key partners is instead of giving ourselves an entire quarter to transition, which you can do in the mid-tier, so typically we love to announce a product like this, say on April 1 or as near to that as we can, and then you've got more time to ramp. But obviously, we don't want to announce in the last month of some of our major partner's quarters. So basically, we launched this product, as I said, on May 8. That means you are into the seventh week of the quarter before these orders are hitting the factory. Because this is a very, very different product, customers do need to kick the tires and really test it in their environments. We had a very normal ramp. So we knew going in that seven weeks was not going to be enough. So we certainly internally were not planning for say post north of 20% growth. We knew that we had to get a lot of both ourselves and partners through this transition. What I am saying is, as we exited the quarter, we were very comfortable. So we did get a lot of bookings late, and that bookings growth was north of 10%, as I said. Double digits; we are not giving you an exact number, but it was north of that. Again, our goal is to get it north of 20, and I see no reason why that won't happen with the reception of this product. This thing is screamingly fast, and the reliability figures that we have accumulated on this are nothing short of phenomenal. This is the most stable mid-tier product out there, and basically has almost high-end performance. The big system goes up to close to 500 drives. So we have announced actually another new category in the high end. I said we need to flesh out the low end more. I think when this whole line is in place, we will get growth rates north of 20.
Keith Bachman - Banc of America:  Won't the ramp of the CX-3 improve the software attach rates?
 Bill Teuber :  Yes, it will.
Joe Tucci: As I said, in Symmetrix we are in a phenomenon where it is very hard -- I think, actually impossible unless we want to -- It is virtually impossible to grow software and Symmetrix now faster than the core hardware grows. In CLARiiON that is not the case; we can grow software faster, because these are new systems. You install Navisphere and Snaps and Clones and all of that with this all the time. So, yes. This is going to be good news for software.
Keith Bachman - Banc of America:  Okay, thank you.
Joe Tucci:  Well, thank you for joining us. I think we have taken a pretty deep dive, given you a lot of data. I just want to close with two thoughts. Number one, it is hard for me to express how bad we feel and how deeply disappointed that we have let our investor base down.  The good news is that we have not let our customers down. If you look at the people inside of EMC, because the sales force finished so well and we are paying the sales force based on what they booked, there is nobody down inside. So our customers love what we're doing. EMC is not down, and we will not miss like this again. We think lowering these targets, getting our feet back under us, as I said, is going to bode well for us in the future and better days will be ahead. So thank you very much for being with us.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-20 11:45:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Investor Relations William Teuber, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Joseph Tucci, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Howard Elias, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate Development
Analysts: Tony Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein Aaron Rakers, AG Edwards Daniel Renouard, Robert W. Baird & Co. Keith Bachman, Bank of America Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers Paul Mansky, Citigroup Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs Brian Freed, Morgan, Keegan & Company Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley Bill Shope, JP Morgan Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners Thomas Curlin, RBC Capital Markets Ben Reitzes, UBS Warburg
Operator:
Operator comments.:
Tony Takazawa, Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Sherry. Good morning, welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for Q1 2006. In our press release issued earlier this morning, EMC reported quarterly revenues of $2.551 billion, with net income of $272 million and GAAP EPS of $0.11. Today we’ll be discussing our results on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. To help you with your analysis, we have included in today’s presentation and press release, financial details and commentary to reconcile our non-GAAP analysis with our GAAP results. On today’s call, Bill Teuber, EMC’s Executive Vice President and CFO, will start things off and walk you through our Q1 financial performance and highlights. We will then be joined by Joe Tucci, EMC’s Chairman, President and CEO. Joe will provide commentary on our strategy and our results. After the prepared remarks we will open up the lines and take your questions. We’ll be joined at that time by Howard Elias, Executive Vice President of Global Marketing and Corporate Development. We will be making references to our slides today, so we encourage you to view them on EMC’s website at EMC.com. An archive of the audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call. Finally, I do want to note that the call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information concerning factors that could cause results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements, can be found in EMC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, it is now my pleasure to introduce EMC’s CFO, Bill Teuber. Bill?
William Teuber, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President: Thanks, Tony. This quarter’s financials reflect a number of changes which I’ll walk you through as we go along, so please bear with me. Thank you also for joining us this morning. Q1 was a quarter which demonstrated the continued strength of EMC’s business model, which relies increasingly on a more solutions-orientated approach to delivering customer value. We had some elements of our business perform better than expected and also a few areas that didn’t quite meet our expectations. While this caused us to come in a bit less than 1% below our expected revenue range, EPS was right on target and the overall business continues to perform well.  Today I’m going to discuss with you how we look at the business from a geographic standpoint, and from the perspective of our solutions-based approach. I’ll walk you through a bit of detail on the areas where performance didn’t meet our expectations, and I’ll spend some time on areas where things went well, such as Symmetrix, Content Management and VMware, in the success of our overall model. As always, I’ll touch on some of the income statements and balance sheet items and give you our thoughts as we look ahead. As you know, the basis of reporting for every company has changed because of FAS123R. Considering this rule change, as well as the non-cash charges that acquisitive companies have, we believe that our non-GAAP results give better insight into the health of our business. Correspondingly, we have changed the basis of our presentation to reflect this non-GAAP approach and we have provided you with the data for the appropriate historical comparisons. Many other companies are providing results in this manner, and we agree that it’s a valuable way to analyze EMC. Beginning this quarter, I’m going to focus on our earnings, excluding a number of non-cash items we have been talking with you about for the last year, namely: equity compensations including restrictive stock expense and stock option expense, and acquisition-related amortization. Each of these is a significant non-cash item which can make it difficult for you to analyze comparable operating results on a going-forward basis. We will provide you with a non-GAAP EPS number excluding all of these components in addition to GAAP numbers. Of course there is a reconciliation of these numbers and appropriate historical comparisons included in today’s press release.  Now to walk you through the EPS results, we start with GAAP EPS of $0.11, as Tony mentioned. Adjusted for stock option expense of $0.03, EPS was $0.14 as we previously discussed with you and expected. Additionally, with the cost of restricted stock and acquisition-related amortization each accounting for about $0.01 this quarter, you get to a non-GAAP EPS measure of $0.16, which is up 33% over the comparable quarter a year ago, on the same basis.  As Tony mentioned earlier, Q1 revenues were $2.551 billion, up 14% versus a year ago. At the macro level, currency hit us for a couple of percentage points this quarter, as the dollar strengthened considerably from Q1 of last year to this year. Turning to the details of our revenues results, I would like to start today’s discussion with an overview of our global revenues. An important element to achieving EMC’s long-term growth potential is expanding our worldwide footprint, and realizing the benefits of our investments in new markets. We have maintained our leadership in North America for some time and we continue to invest in the international market, to drive growth in those areas where we are under-represented from either a market share or a direct presence. Starting with North America, revenues were up 14% over last year. This continues to be a major area of strength for EMC, as we continue to take share and believe that opportunities for us in this market are robust. EMEA was the biggest contributor to growth this quarter, where revenues were up 17% YoverY. On a local currency basis, this region was up well over 20%. This is an excellent growth rate, led by our results in Eastern Europe. I visited a number of countries in Eastern Europe this quarter and was very impressed, not only by our opportunity there, but also in the growth that we’ve been able to achieve in the relatively short amount of time we’ve been investing there. We’re also seeing the benefits of increasing our presence in the commercial space in some of the larger companies within Europe. This opens up additional opportunity for us in this region.  In addition, Germany had a very solid quarter. APJ revenues were up 1% from last year, which is obviously a disappointment. We have already made some changes which we believe will get this region back on track. Specifically, effective April 1, we put a new leader for the region in place. We also expanded our strategic alliance with NEC and announced a new distribution relationship with Intel. We believe these actions and further focus on this region will produce results we are proud of by the end of the year. Latin America continues to do well with revenues up 16% from last year. We had an excellent quarter in Venezuela and Argentina, as well as some of the smaller countries in the region. Next to our global revenues, another way we evaluate our business is from a solutions point of view, since that’s the way that many customers are doing business with us. These solutions are made up of a varying combination of systems, software and services that we provide. While the mix of these three items may ebb and flow due to the nature of the solutions provided, the long-term success of the solutions focus is clear. We are now able to help more customers in more ways more often, and I know from my own experience of dealing with customers, we are having very different and more strategic conversations with them than ever before.  Looking at our product revenues, our systems revenues grew 20% from Q1 2005 and were 48% of our business. This business line contains our storage hardware products, and our success here is a testament to our leadership position and the performance of these products in the market, including the strong performance of the DMX-3. Software revenues grew 11% and were 36% of our business. While we saw some very good growth in important areas such as Content Management, VMware and Smarts, this growth was offset by the results in a few of our other areas, which I will touch on in a bit. Services revenues grew 6% and were 16% of our business. There were a couple of factors that impacted our professional service business results. The first factor was timing. Q1 was back-end loaded, which made it harder to sign, fulfill and recognize services deals during the quarter. Secondly, much of our professional service business correlates with our platform software, and the results there impacted our services revenues. Now I’ll turn to some highlights within our product lines. We remain focused on leveraging our entire product portfolio to best serve our customers’ overall IT needs and we achieved a lot of success towards this goal in Q1.  Given our solutions-based approach and the vast scope of the marketplace we address, the individual category results have and will vary QtoQ. As our business evolves, we are continually looking for better ways to more clearly present our results based on how we go to market and customer buying patterns, and we’ll talk more about this with you at analyst day. First, let’s turn to the storage-solutions-related highlights. The metric product revenue was up 10% over the last year. (Contrary to some loud competitor flood?), customer response to the new DMX-3 has been extremely positive, as we expected. This quarter, well over 50% of our Symmetrix systems revenues were from the new DMX-3. The DMX-3 is far and away the most scaleable, highest-performance system in the marketplace and has been very well accepted by our customer base in a very short amount of time. Overall, we achieved excellent results in a high end this quarter, and expect to see continued growth in this new market-leading product in the future. CLARiiON product revenues were up 13% for the quarter. In isolation, that’s a pretty good growth rate, but it’s not up to recent CLARiiON standards. However, the worst-kept secret in storage is that there’s a product refresh coming here. This knowledge froze the high end of the CLARiiON line a bit, while the low end with its channel partner focus did just fine.  With exciting new products coming soon, we believe that we are well-positioned for continued market share gain in this segment. Software that is associated with these successful platforms did not show similar results, however, and for very different reasons. On the Symmetrix side, the DMX-3 was utilized for consolidation efforts in many existing EMC environments, and these customers could upgrade their software licenses for the incremental capacities as opposed to buying new licenses. On the CLARiiON side, slowdown in the high end also impacted software growth, as these systems tend to drag more software. As I mentioned, we believe the slowdown in the high end is a short-term phenomenon and the reacceleration here should lead to stronger software sales.  These same factors also impacted the resource management line, which was down 7% for the quarter. The primary products here are the storage management suites that closely correlate with our high-end system sales. On the other hand, a continued bright spot in resource management was Smarts, and these products had a great quarter. Customers are increasingly moving to model-based approaches to management and we believe that the capabilities of the growing line of Smarts products will position us well to really help customers make this shift. Bill will have some additional comments on these product groups later in the call. Looking at some additional software highlights, our Content Management business was one of the bright stars of the quarter, with license revenues up 62%. Of course, these results include the first quarter of revenues from our acquisition of Captiva late last year. Even without the acquisition impact, license revenues grew about 30%. While this business tends to be more of a year-end type of software purchase, demand is strong and we see improved traction between the classic EMC sales force and our EMC software sales force.  Our backup and archive software business was a bit of a victim of our focus on the content management space this quarter. We made some adjustments to the software sales force, combining our Content Management and backup and archive sales resources, which resulted on less focus on the backup and archive product. Given the relatively small size of this business, any swings here have a big percentage impact, and license revenues here were down 21%. We need to keep this in context, as the decrease amounted to only about 11 million, or less than a 0.005% of total revenues this quarter. Going forward, we are ensuring that we have the appropriate focus on this category. Vmware had an excellent quarter and achieved record revenues, up 64% over last year. This accomplishment was fueled by a license revenue growth of 47% and maintenance and service revenue growth of 120% YoverY. Virtualization continues to be one of the hottest trends in IT. VMware’s virtual infrastructure software, already the gold standard in test and development, is now increasing being deployed in production environments, as customers optimize the use of their x86 technology. Finally, Dell continued strong performance, and when we include the Symmetrix revenue they participate in, it was approximately 14% of total revenues for the quarter.  Turning now to the rest of the income statement, my comments here once again will exclude the impact of equity compensation and acquisition-related amortization and I referred to as non-GAAP. Non-GAAP gross margin was 53.9% for the quarter, down 160bp from Q4. If you look at margin change on the same basis as we’ve looked at it traditionally, the components affecting gross margins were split pretty evenly between volume, mix and the price cost other line. Non-GAAP operating income came in at 17.3% for the quarter, up from a comparable 16.3% in Q1 2005. Of the 100bp improvement, 70 points came from gross margin and the remaining 30 points split fairly evenly between SG&A and R&D.  Finally, our Q1 tax rate, exclusive of just stock option expense, was 23.5%. We had a small tax benefit roll into the rate this quarter, and without that one-time item, the tax rate would have been slightly north of 26%. From an EPS perspective, even without this tax benefit, we still would have reported $0.14 per diluted share, just excluding stock options. The tax rate on our non-GAAP income, again excluding all equity comp and acquisition amortization, was around 27%, exclusive of the one-time benefit. Turning now to the balance sheet and a few other items, the end of the quarter was $7.4 billion of cash. As we had committed to you, we’ve stepped up the deployment of our cash balance, greatly increasing our stock buyback activity. This quarter we bought back $376 million worth of stock in the open market. We also called our outstanding convertible bonds for $125 million, and the cash impact hit on the first business day of April. In the first 93 days of the year, we’ve already effectively deployed over $0.5 billion in cash toward share reduction. We intend to continue with this aggressive share repurchase program, and I want to announce that the board has approved a new share repurchase program for an additional 250 million shares. We currently still have 84 million shares authorized under the existing repurchase program. Because we believe that one of the best uses of our cash is for EMC stock, I also want to announce that we plan to purchase an additional $2.5 billion worth of stock through the rest of 2006. EMC will be spending approximately $3 billion this year, three times what we spent last year. For Q1, DSOs came in at 42 days, down a few days from Q4. Inventory was $693 million, turns calculated on total cost basis were 7.1. We’ve been focused on getting this metric back to seven and we met this objective this quarter. Our deferred revenue continued to grow nicely this quarter. As of the end of the quarter, the balance was more than $1.9 billion, up $125 million from year end. Moving to our business outlook, we remain very excited about the opportunities we see in 2006. As we started off the year, there were a number of factors driving my confidence and optimism, that remain true today. Our business model continues to thrive as customers increasingly look to us for solutions for their infrastructure needs. We expect to see continued strength in our systems business on the back of our new product introductions, and we believe there continues to be a significant opportunity for us in the international geographies.  We also continue to remain focused on our original goal of achieving an operating margin greater than 20% exiting 2006, excluding the impact of stock option expense. For comparison purposes on a non-GAAP basis, restricted stock expanse and acquisition amortization, we add about another 200bps to this. While this is not a lay-up, expanding our margins is something we’re very focused on and we’ll keep you updated on this throughout the year. Looking at Q2, we expect revenues will be at least $2.66 billion, GAAP earnings are expected to be $0.13 per diluted share, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.17 excluding $0.02 in stock option expense and another $0.02 in restricted stock and acquisition-related amortization expenses. For the full year, we believe 2006 revenues will be $11.1-11.3 billion, although right now we look to be closer to the lower end of the range, which would have us up 15% over 2005. GAAP earnings are expected to be $0.54-0.57 per diluted share. Non-GAAP EPS will be in the range of $0.70-0.73, excluding the previously expected $0.09 impact from stock option expense and $0.07 in restricted stock and acquisition related amortization expenses.  With that I’ll now turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Tucci, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bill. I would like to start by also welcoming everyone to today’s conference call and as always, thanks for dialing in. Q1 is always our toughest quarter. The major reason for this is that our primary focus for the first two months of any Q1 is on installing the vast amount of hardware and software products we sold in the previous quarter, Q4. As you know, Q4 is always a barn-burner(?) of a quarter for us. Our revenues tend to spike 14-16% above our next-largest quarter. We’re sure Q1 of 2006 is no exception. In fact, it really didn’t start to kick in until early March. The good news is that we handled it all quite well, as was demonstrated by the fact that our inventory balances declined to $693 million, turns were up to over 7, DSO came in at 42 days and our deferred revenue rose to almost $2 billion. In Q1 we generated over $635 million in cash from operations. Though revenue was a bit lighter than we would have liked, I assure you that we left more than its shortfall in excess unplanned backlog. Again, due to the fact that too many orders came in on the last few days of the quarter and we were not able to turn them around and shift these hardware products which obviously also include associated software components.  Right now, I’m sure you’re thinking something like this: with the fact that EMC has built this additional backlog, why isn’t it built into Q2’s outlook? The reason for this is that we want and need to change the rhythm and timing of our business a bit. It is extremely costly to be as back-end loaded as we have been the last few quarters. It is our intention to build and carry a little more backlog than has been customary for us. This could slightly affect Q2, hence our revenue outlook for at least – and I say at least - $2.66 billion. All in all, I believe this is healthy for our business on both the margin and cost front. As I said before, because of our strong product cycle and solution focus, the second half of 2006 has potential for upside.  Despite our slight revenue shortfall, I am pleased with our non-GAAP income growth of 28% year on year. This is the 14th consecutive quarter in which our net income and EPS have both grown in excess of 20% year on year. It was a quarter where the bounce and power of our business mix and model really shone through. Let’s spend a few minutes and explore what I mean when I talk about EMC’s powerful business model. Let’s start by taking a look at our storage business and its solution focus which our sales force applies as they approach a customer opportunity. EMC’s storage offering consists of tiered storage, which is a combination of Symmetrix, CLARiiON, Celerra appliances and Centera. On these arrays, we offer a wide variety of disk types, from 73Gb drives that spin at 15000 revolutions per minute to 500Gb drives that spin at 7200 revolutions per minute, thus offering our customers a significant choice of different price and performance points for storing their information assets. Today, virtually all of our large customers deploy at least two of our array product lines or tiers, and many deploy three. Alternatively, we offer tiering in a single rate. For instance, in our new Symmetrix or new CLARiiON you can mix and match various drive types that have different cost performance characteristics as I just mentioned. Next, we offer the widest range of connectivity options in the industry, SAN, NAS, CAS, FibreChannel, IP etc. across these platforms to network the storage. Then we add protection and mobility software which runs on the array itself or in an appliance, to protect, replicate and move information. Examples here would be SRDF, Timefinder, MirrorView, SnapView, CelerraSnap, Open Replicator, SanCopy etc. Finally we offer management software to tie it all together. Our leading offer here is ControlCenter. It is important to note that customers think holistically about storage and they usually buy complete solutions. The line items and mix may change, but most of our storage order contains elements from each of the line items I just reviewed. This past quarter, the tiered storage hardware layer actually grew faster than the software layers in our storage solutions stack, and Bill has reiterated some of the reasons. What I want to do is remind you that if you look at this total storage stack that our sales force brings to market, that I just described to you, it grew 13% YoverY in Q1, which I believe is solid performance. I also believe our storage business is healthy and as the new DMX-3 continues to hit its stride and the all-new CLARiiON products are announced, along with the associated all-new NAS lineup, EMC is well positioned for continued future storage growth.  In addition, we remain convinced that storage virtualization is an important new enabling technology, and that the network is the absolute right place to virtualize storage resources. Our two offerings in this space, Invista and Rainfinity, are gaining traction and clearly winning customer mind share, not to mention numerous awards and accolades from industry luminaries. These innovative products have the potentia to enhance our growth prospects in storage. (Inaudible) our storage business, EMC has enhanced our information lifecycle management solution stack with Enterprise Content Management and we’ve added capabilities to help customers better manage and optimize their IT infrastructures with VMware’s virtual infrastructure and our resource management software. I might add that all three of these segments happen to be very, very hot.  Let’s quickly review these three EMC product segments. Formally, the highest level of intelligence in our ILM strategy is our Content Management Business, which grew 30% year on year (on an apples to apples?) basis with D5(?) taking what we believe to be the lion’s share of growth in the Enterprise Content Management market. On top of this, the acquisitions we have done in this space, such as Captiva, Ocardis(?) and Authentica continue to expand our leadership in helping customers better capture and manage the explosive growth of information, including compliance, retention and archiving needs. With the benefits of x86 virtualization now becoming well accepted, VMwares virtual infrastructure continues its rapid rate of growth as more customers adapt this technology over any other and by a wide margin. While others are just getting started, VMware has DMX-3 version 3 in final beta, and is receiving rave reviews. Together with Invista and Rainfinity, EMC is well placed to benefit from the continued rapid adoption of virtualization technologies. I am convinced that the majority of IT infrastructures will be virtualized over the next three years. This quarter represented the first anniversary of our acquisition of Smarts. While we don’t disclose the specific numbers for percentage of growth in this business, I can tell you that the new license growth rate this past quarter for Smarts was in the VMware-like territory, albeit off a smaller base. Customers appreciate the tremendous benefits of model-based management applied to every-increasing, complex IT-based networks. We are expanding this approach to storage with the addition of our (storage insight?) product this quarter, as well as the application discovery management shipping this quarter as well. This leads us into wwo new opportunities which we are well positioned to exploit.  The first opportunity is in resource management. Resource management that is model based and cross domain, meaning that there should be a more consistent way to manage all IT resource: storage resources, server resources, network resources, applications and information together. Smarts is an ideal base technology for this, and one we believe is industry-leading. The second new opportunity for us is security. It is no longer enough to protect the perimeter of the infrastructure. Rather, the information itself must be secured as it moves through its lifecycle. Positively, information security is an information management problem, and one which we are well-suited to help our customers with. We have already begun to roll out our offerings in this space, such as Documentum Trusted Content Services, encryption built into our protection software, secure remote support, information security assessment services and Authentica Visual Rights management. We see great opportunity in expanding our information management, protection and storage offerings to help our customers secure their information throughout its life cycle and are aggressively pursuing this as our next major focus area. Before my closing remarks, I would like to address a subject on which we have received numerous questions, namely executive compensation here at EMC. Specifically the performance shares granted to our senior management team this past December. The number of performance shares granted seems rather large, but it’s important to understand four underlying conditions of the grant. First, nothing vests for a full three years and the executive needs to be here. Thus, objective number one is retention. The aim here is to keep a first-rate senior management team together. The war for talent is fierce out here. Second a three-year cumulative performance objective needs to be met. If it’s not, no pay out. This objective, if met, should make our shareholders happy, or at least happier. The third point; myself for sure and most other members of the executive team, will receive no additional form of compensation beyond base salary and bonus for the next two years, so it is more or less make or break, i.e. true pay for performance. The fourth point, as a reminder, neither I nor almost all members of the executive team have employment contracts, so there is no provision in this performance share grant for a goodbye kiss if an executive resigns or is terminated.  I would like to close my formal remarks with two comments. First, this is the first quarter in a long time in which we’ve pointed out that our execution was less than crisp on two fronts. Mainly in our backup and archive business and in our APJ region. I want to make it clear that we are and will address these areas. Secondly, I want to reiterate that we firmly believe that the global markets for the EMC portfolio of products and solutions is robust and offers us ample opportunity to meet and exceed the outlook we presented today. Yes competition is tough, but with our strong product cycle, our ILM solution sets and VMware’s virtual infrastructure, coupled with solid execution, we can and will succeed. Now I’d like to turn it back to Tony for the Q&A portion of today’s call.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks a lot, Joe. For some time now, we’ve been asking you to try and limit yourselves to one question, including clarification. I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation in this matter. We’ve gotten a lot of positive feedback on this approach to the Q&A as we’re able to get through many different questioners within our allotted time and I’m sure we’ll have plenty today. Thank you again for your help in making this process run smoothly and fairly. Sherry, can we open up the line for Q&A?
Questions and Answers:
Operator:
Operator Instructions.:
Q – Tony Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein: Yes, thank you. You announced a sizeable share repurchase which, by my calculations, all else being equal, should have about a $0.05 boost to EPS through the remainder of the year by effectively lowering your share count. That associated boost was not reflected in the change in guidance for EPS. The question is why? What, all else being equal, has effectively gotten worse that didn’t give you the confidence to raise EPS guidance commensurate with the share repurchases. My suspicion is potential pressure on gross margins, but if you could address it, I would appreciate it.
A – William Teuber: Tony, it’s Bill. Your assumptions must be a little different than mine, I did not say we were going to go out and spend the additional $2.5 billion tomorrow, we’re going to do it throughout the year. In my analysis, I don’t get the $0.05 that you see. It could be helpful in Q4 depending on the timing and what we pay for the stock, but I certainly don’t see the $0.05 that you see.
Q – Tony Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein: I mean, it’s just $2.5 billion divided by a $15 stock price, which is 166 million shares, even with options issuance. You’re probably looking at about 120 million shares on a base of $2.4 billion, that’s 5%.
A – William Teuber: Right, but you know, it’s not going to be there for the whole year. You’ve got to weight the average and you’ve got to obviously think about what else is coming into the pool of shares. There’s a whole host of other ins and outs on our options, depending on where the price goes. It’s not quite that clear. 
A - Joseph Tucci: Tony, this is Joe, did you include the interest income in that? Loss, because on incremental, in this day and age you can make over 4%…
Q – Tony Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein: Nonetheless, there should be some impact in terms of a lower share count and you’re…
A - Joseph Tucci: The potential is, but it’s much lower than you have. You know, if you didn’t take out the interest income, Tony. If you look at the incremental money, you can get over 4% now, Tony, so if you knock that out and then you look at it for the year and say even if we do it fairly aggressively or say evenly over the next three quarters – let’s just do that for an assumption – it’s probably closer to a penny than $0.05. We felt the penny was kind of in the range that we gave you. We’re not forecasting anything draconian in margins or expense or anything else that you mentioned, OK? It really is around interest income and we just assumed a third, a third, a third in the math that we did, and it’s much closer to a penny. I look forward to your renewed math and your response.
Q – Tony Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein: Thanks for the clarification
Tony Takazawa: Next question please?
Operator: Aaron Rakers, of AG Edwards, you may ask your question.
Q – Aaron Rakers, AG Edwards: Yes, thanks a lot for taking the question. I guess a question on the backlog. One, you entered the quarter, I noted last quarter that you entered into the March quarter with a nice backlog on the Symmetrix product. How much of an impact was the realization or recognition of that backlog for your Symmetrix growth this quarter? Then also, if you could even be a little bit more qualitative or quantitative in terms of how much backlog you believe is appropriate for yourself, looking out over the next few quarters – thanks.
A - Joseph Tucci: I’ll start and then I’ll turn it to Bill, Aaron. Obviously in Q4 we always build an immense backlog and then Q1 always eats some backlog, OK? But we do always put a plan together for what we think we want to exit Q1 with. We always try to exit every quarter with some backlog, obviously, A because it’s just the way business falls and B because it’s good form. All I’ve said is that if you look at our range we gave you in the midst, it was well covered within the backlog that we actually ended up with, which was over and above what we projected. Basically, what’s happening is we get these quarters more back-end loaded, it’s just costing us too much money to put that many people in factories, there’s too much cost that we’re putting into the entire system. So we just think we need to keep a little more backlog in the system going forward than we would have modeled at the beginning of the year. Obviously, once you do that it kind of flows through, so it’s not a hit every quarter. But it was factored into the fact that we gave you the guidance of $2.66 billion for Q2. As far as the absolute number, we’re probably not going to give that to you. But I’ll turn it to Bill. Maybe he’s more kind.
A – William Teuber: The way I look at it Aaron, we had a flat Q4 in terms of Sym but we had some backlog for the DMX-3. In Q1 we were up 10%, neither one of those is the right amount of growth between the quarters, so it helped us a little bit, but I’m not going to say how much.
 Aaron Rakers, AG Edwards: Thank you.
A – William Teuber: We did run out of DMX-3s again, so the DMX-3 is doing very well. Again it’s factored in to all the guidance we’ve given you. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Aaron. Next question please?
Operator: Daniel Renouard of Robert Baird, you may ask your question. 
Q – Daniel Renouard, Robert W. Baird & Co.: Sure, thanks. Just getting to the backup area, maybe you could give us a little more detail. Do you think it’s a product issue, do you need to invest more in R&D or is it purely a sales and execution issue?
A - Joseph Tucci: Dan, let me do it this way. If you looked at last year, we grew the backup and archive business 27%. I think one year ago this quarter, we actually grew it 36% if memory serves me right. My accounting team are shaking their heads to say I was right. If all of a sudden, after every quarter growing it well over 40, all four quarters last year, then we changed the sales force, we combined the sales force, what you have is incredibly hot. So now the sales force can sell backup and archive and/or content management, and then you have content management as hot as it is. We had too much migration there and we lost focus. As we changed management, reduced some levels, I think we lost a little bit of focus there, too. This is correct for why I absolutely, positively believe we did it to ourselves. Not that it was a bad move, we just didn’t execute it properly and we can get that fixed. 
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Dan. Next question please?
Operator:
Q – Keith Bachman, Bank of America: Hi guys, I wanted to follow up on the software side. In the mix between DMX and CLARiiON, with DMX actually showing pretty good strength here, even with your comments previously that there’s a little bit of backlog carry over, I would have thought the EMC software pool would have been more positive given the mix. Can you help us understand?
A - Joseph Tucci: More positive to what, the DMX?
Q – Keith Bachman, Bank of America: Yes, if DMX was strengthened, DMX, I would have though EMC’s platform software would have been stronger because DMX was a higher percent of sales with CLARiiON being relatively weak and DMX being fairly strong?
A - Joseph Tucci: The two things that happen in software, Bill mentioned them – let me start with the CLARiiON line. If you look at the CLARiiON line, the lower end of the CLARiiON line continued to rock and roll, if you will, and did extremely well. Where we stalled is was in the bigger and the higher end of the CLARiiON line and that’s where the base is much more attuned to what you might do in terms of new products. As Bill said, we did not do our normal good job of kind of keeping it pretty quite when new product announcements would come. Obviously, we have always said that the high end of CLARiiON has software content very similar to Sym and the low end of CLARiiON is substantially less. That’s kind of one thing that did it to us. The second thing is on Symmetrix, with these big, big, big DMX-3s that we shipped this quarter. Most of them were the big DMX-3s. We did a lot of consolidations, and of course we run a perpetual model with software, where you buy the license and then you pay a percentage of that in maintenance and maintenance was up very nicely. Of course, what happens is when we consolidate a lot of these frames, customers had most of the licenses in place and they only had to pay for the incremental capacity. Rather than get a whole new license, what we ended up doing on most of these deals was incremental capacity. What happens with incremental capacity is maybe, well – I can think of several deals where we actually replaced some of the remaining Sym 4s that were there, all of the Sym 5s, even one or two Sym 6s, the first DMXs, plus a couple of competitors and the only basic increase we got was the increase in terabytes we shipped and for the competitor equipment we replaced. That’s a whole lot different. That’s what’s happening with the big Syms. In other words, terabytes were up, revenue was up, actually units were down because of shipping less bigger units, and the way we had our bands and our pricing set up it actually hurts us. That’s why we tried to bring you to the point where you’ve got to look at our whole storage business together, and why hardware grew 20% and software grew so much slower to bring the average to 13%. Customers are really buying these collections together, we’re competitive in the market out there at these kinds of prices, so it’s not that we’re leaving money on the table so this isn’t something we can go out and fix. As the lower Syms kick in - we just announced them in I think February – as these lower Syms kick in, then hopefully volume will kick up and that could get us more license growth.
Q – Keith Bachman, Bank of America: OK. Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Harry Blount, of Lehman Brothers. 
Q – Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers: It’s a question on sales force growth and productivity. Dell continues to grow the percentage of overall revenue in the last few quarters and also I know you guys have fully integrated the software team now in terms of assigning accounts and channels. Looking for some broad commentary on how you’ve used the sales force productivity over the last several quarters, how that’s trending and within that context, you did not mention this quarter that Dell accounted for a third of CLARiiON. They are growing the percentage of Symmetrix. I’m trying to understand, as you look at the broad scope of go to market, internal and external, how has that changed and where do you see that going?
A - Joseph Tucci: It’s actually changed quite a bit, Harry. That’s a good question and a complex question. In our commercial end of our business, where we’re having a big sales force build up, we’re working there, you know, in kind of a mode that a company like Microsoft and Cisco has been very accustomed to working in, where our sales forces doesn’t end up taking less and less orders. What they’re doing is leveraging partners, whether it be Dell or Fujitsu Siemens on the large side, or whether it be a cadre of hundred and hundreds of smaller partners we have. Our sales force now is helping generate deals, helping generate bigger deals, and are working with partners. It’s really a leverage model and our sales force gets quota on that basis. If you look at productivity for sales reps it is absolutely increasing, and increasing nicely. On the Symmetrix side, we basically do most of the lifting there. What we’ll do is we’ll partner where it makes sense, or Dell has a frame contract in place or we can work better together or we’re competing against say an HP which is combining storage and servers, and if it does that it usually ends up on Dell paper, but I assure you we’re 100% involved in all of those sales. Our partnership with Dell is fantastic and I think getting better every day. But our productivity is going up.
Q – Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers: OK. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. Next question please?
Operator: Paul Mansky, of Citigroup.
Q – Paul Mansky, Citigroup: Great, thank you. Joe, just going back quickly to the new incentivization structure if I may, which I assume considers GAAP earnings, what is the compound annual earnings growth rate required to achieve 100% of the board’s three year accumulative target?
A - Joseph Tucci: We don’t devolve the metrics used in this plan. (inaudible) looked at a number of factors, including the outlooks that many of you out there have had out there for us. I can assure you it requires significant performance over the period. It does have all of the components I mentioned and it does look at competitive benchmarks and believes its fair and reasonable and in the best interests of our shareholders.
Q – Paul Mansky, Citigroup: Is GAAP EPS the primary metric?
A - Joseph Tucci: EPS is definitely a metric.
Q – Paul Mansky, Citigroup: A key metric? And that’s GAAP, right?
A - Joseph Tucci: It starts with GAAP. Just internally, it’s an important thing. Bill and I obviously, and everybody, we’re very much aware of GAAP as the rules change. Internally, we don’t run the business to GAAP and we don’t push down GAAP to any of our business units. We don’t push down amortization, we don’t push down restricted stock, we keep that up at corporate. The businesses are running on a kind of a cash EPS basis. Obviously, because we’ve been acquisitive, and because we didn’t restate the previous year’s periods – I think it’s really interesting. If we expensed last year, our stock options, the change year on year would have been 50% because we had $0.04 per share stock option expense last quarter. So it’s $0.50 if you do it that way. If you took them out of both periods it’s $0.25, you know, we think the fairest way to look at it is $0.28. So we’ve give you all of it, so pick and match. But it’s fairest because we used different – the GAAP last year and the GAAP this year is not the same GAAP. But that’s a ridiculous comparison, so you’ve got to use $0.50, $0.28 or $0.25, they all make sense. You pick. We happen to think that $0.28 is fairest, that’s kind of the way we drive the business internally. 
 Paul Mansky, Citigroup: OK. Thank you.
A - Joseph Tucci: But what isn’t a measurement is the restricted stock, OK? I assure you, in the measurement that the board gave us is the restricted stock, so we’ve got to pay for this plan. 
 Paul Mansky, Citigroup: OK. Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Paul, next question please?
Operator: Laura Conigliaro, from Goldman Sachs, you may ask your question.
Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs: Yes, thanks. So you went into this year with the idea that you could have actually even more upside than normal, and already of course after just the first quarter you’re going to the lower end of the target. What is that telling us in general, since you’ve already commented at the end of this call about the robust environment and the fact that you felt very confident in new products, etc. Is it a comment on that, or is it a comment on the competitive environment, or what?
A - Joseph Tucci: Well Laura, I mean, even at your conference Laura, I’ve said it many times probably, I know I said it on stage with you at your conference, that because of the way our product cycles are flowing, I felt that there was potential for upside, but I said a bunch of times that the potential for upside is in the second half of the year. If you look at this quarter, we gave you a range of 2570 – 2590, we came in 0.0075% light. I said that more than that – and I mean more than that – we left in unplanned excess backlog. We did the $0.14 and I’ve been pretty consistent in saying that I do think there’s potential for upside, I don’t see anything happening in the market that we didn’t plan for, but I have been consistent and I’m going to be consistent again I think. We had the potential, the potential because of the product cycle is going to be the second half of the year. 
Tony Takazawa: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Brian Freed, of Morgan Keegan, you may ask your question.
Q – Brian Freed, Morgan, Keegan & Company: Thanks for taking my call. Could you update us on the progress you’ve made with respect to the restructuring you announced last quarter? And also if you continue to plan to re-hire all the heads that you’re going to let go?
A - Joseph Tucci: Brian, we’re about half way through the restructure that we talked about. As you know, I’m sure, the international side of this always takes longer and so we’re continuing to work on it. What was the second half of your question? 
Q – Brian Freed, Morgan, Keegan & Company: Do you still continue to plan to rehire the thousand heads and redeploy them?
A - Joseph Tucci: Yes. Our headcount is up a little bit from the end of last year and it’s all in the sales and service areas. We’re very focused on the opportunity that we see out there, and as we said, this was not about a headcount reduction, it was not about cost reduction, it was all about getting at the opportunity that was out there. We’re trying to go aggressively for it.
Q – Brian Freed, Morgan, Keegan & Company: OK, thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Brian. Next question please.
Operator: Rebecca Runkle, of Morgan Stanley, you may ask your question.
Q – Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley:
A - Joseph Tucci: I do not believe – if you look at the size of the Syms that we sold, the DMX-3s that we’ve sold, these were big, really big. I find it hard to believe that they sold a lot of high-end CLARiiON, so I do think that it DSOs(?). Customers are figuring out now that this is not just a refresh, this is a new product cycle starting on CLARiiON. By new product cycle, what I mean is what you do is every couple of years or so you bring out a whole new design, then you do midlife kickers on that design, so to speak. This is one of those periods, where this is substantially in the design, customers do know this and I think that’s why I said the real performance and the higher ends are what stalled. If you look at the middle, the lower middle and the lower end of CLARiiON, they’re just fine. That would tell me that a lot of this is around the new product launch. You want to know if it would be the first half?
Q – Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley: First half or second quarter or not?
A - Joseph Tucci: I really, for a number of reasons, can’t give you a date. But you’re not going to be disappointed.
Rebecca Runkle, Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you very much.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks Rebecca. Next question please.
Operator: Bill Shope, at JP Morgan, you may ask your question
Q – Bill Shope, JP Morgan: Great, thanks. Looking at your goals to maintain higher levels of backlog and potentially reduce the back-end loaded nature of the quarters, first of all I certainly think it makes sense, but can you help us understand how you’re going to implement this? I’d imagine sales and customer behavior won’t change that quickly, it’s fairly entrenched and it’s been part of your model for quite some time now. Are you making any immediate changes to comp or discounting policies? Could you just give us some color here?
A - Joseph Tucci: We try a lot of those, and you’re right, Bill, I haven’t found a secret formula and I’ve been facing this problem for a lot of years. Obviously, we do try to pay even a higher commission if you bring in the order, we try to do hard cut-offs, and say look, if you’re international and you don’t bring the order in by XX week in the third month of the quarter – it’s just around reinforcing that and just not having the capability. If you don’t build the inventory levels or you don’t build the capabilities in the factory, then the sales force and the customers have got to understand that this is not a good practice. In truth, even though customers think they get much better discounts in the end, it’s really not true. We’ve just got to get that message out there, because it’s really costing us a tremendous amount of money and in my estimation it’s for nothing. There really is no benefit, it’s just a dis-benefit. As you know, Bill, a lot of companies face this issue and there’s no magic once-over bullet, it’s just keep going at it. Once of the things we’re going to do is build into our plan that we’re going to carry each quarter with probably the exception of Q4, higher inventory levels than were in our original plan. 
Q – Bill Shope, JP Morgan: But there’s no changes to sales force comp, though, at this time?
A - Joseph Tucci: Well, we put those things, they just haven’t worked. One quarter doesn’t make a year, but it obviously didn’t work. All those things I talked to you about are in the plan. You do make more money if you bring it in earlier. We do have part cut-offs. We’ve got most of the things that you would think about, but if you have some good ideas I’d love to hear them.
Q – Bill Shope, JP Morgan: OK, great. Thanks.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, Bill, Our next question, please.
Operator: Kevin Hunt, of Thomas Weisel Partners, you may ask your question.
Q – Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. I just wanted to get some clarification on the go to market strategy and on the mid-range, and on a couple of aspects. It seems like the softness in the quarter was in mid-range and was in Asia. Given Dell was your major partner on the mid-range, are they not as good a partner in Asia? Maybe if you could clarify how you go to market in Asia on the mid-range. Then also, with this Intel relationship you announced, how does that then impact your other existing relationships on the mid-range?
A - Joseph Tucci: There’s a number of questions in there, Kevin. Let me say Dell did fine in Asia. This was us. Dell also drives a disproportionate number of the smaller end of the CLARiiON line. They do very, very well down there. This is really EMC and some of its other channels, which is where the mist is. None of this mists on Dell. Dell did great. You mentioned about the deals we’ve done with NEC and Intel and how would that potentially disrupt Dell, I think that’s what you’re asking me. First, I don’t think it will. We are tremendously, tremendously – I’ll add another one – tremendously under-penetrated with these product lines in Asia. So there’s ample opportunity out there. If we were anywhere near adequately penetrated, maybe there’d be an issue, but there’s not. I think it’s fine. Dell knows what we’re doing. Dell uniquely has the manufacturing rights and we do a lot of product planning together. I don’t believe this will impact Dell, the fault is squarely us. Again, it’s partly go to market and partly where we’ve just dropped the ball. And partly, you know, we need this refresh. It’s overdue and it’s going to be a good on. It’s going to be a good one.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks, next question please?
Operator: Tom Curlin, of RBC Capital Markets, you may ask your question.
Q – Thomas Curlin, RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Just sticking with the Intel topic, can you walk us through how that Intel relationship is going to be structured in terms of who builds the AX line related to the Intel effort? Also, of course, the distribution strategy, but especially the after-sales support. Is that primarily EMC, or third party? How does this work?
A - Joseph Tucci: Our operating system on CLARiiON is Flare. You can actually run Flare, if you wanted to, on a PC. We’ve got it to work at that level. Basically, we’ll cooperate in the designs and then basically we’re licensing our software, is a way you could look at it. 
Q – Thomas Curlin, RBC Capital Markets: So there’s no after-sales support from EMC? Or how is that structured?
A - Howard Elias, Executive Vice President, Global Marketing and Corporate : It’s Howard, this is all Intel distribution through their model.
Q – Thomas Curlin, RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Tony Takazawa: Thanks. We have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ben Reitzes from UBS.
Q – Ben Reitzes, UBS Warburg: Well thanks for fitting me in. I guess with a lot of the questions asked, what does it say – the increased buybacks – what does it say about your acquisition strategy, Joe, I mean we constantly get asked about EMC doing some kind of big deal that’s going to either rock the boat or what. Or are you just going to do small, targeted acquisitions? Thank you.
A - Joseph Tucci: My statement for a long time, and I continue to believe that, is I’m against big deals. Now you can get into it on what’s the definition of a big deal. The biggest software company we bought from a revenue point of view was actually Legato, which was I think $315 million in revenues. At an $11 billion+ dollar company, we can certainly do something north of $300 million, but I’m not going to do anything that’s even close to shattering – we’re significantly bigger and we understand how to do it, it’s in our wheelhouse. I continue to prefer what I call ‘string of pearls’, you can look forward to that. I don’t think you’ll see anything bigger. You could see significantly – not significantly, but bigger than $300 million, OK? But certainly nothing that comes near to approach something that would disrupt our company in terms of making the integration so tough that you lose track of what you need to do on a daily basis. That’s still our thing. Will we do some of those? Yes we will. You can bet that besides this $3 billion, we will spend – we still have a rich balance sheet. We will use some of that to help our software assets and look for assets that have good growth and can support our ILM model and support our trust and security resource management and things around VMware. Think of areas, those are the areas where we’re active and I think we have to make good shareholder value. Cash will be lower than what Bill would forecast, just using up the $3 billion from where we’ll be. 
Ben Reitzes, UBS Warburg: Thanks.
 Joseph Tucci: Just in closing, we think these new product cycles are going to help us. We have a lot of interest, the enthusiasm of our people and our customers is fantastic, so nobody’s got their head hung a little bit low. We are obviously disappointed that we didn’t do that extra $20-40 million of revenue so that we could have said hey, it’s the first time we missed even a piece of our guidance in a long time. So we’re obviously not pleased about that, but the business was there and we will get it. I do believe that as we get up these products and crisp up our execution, there is ample opportunity for upside in the second half of the year. Thank you again for your attention and joining us today. I do appreciate it. Bye bye.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-26 10:45:00) =====
Executives: Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Investor Relations   Joseph Tucci, Chairman, President and CEO   William Teuber, Executive Vice-President and CFO   Howard Elias, Executive Vice-President, Corporate Marketing & Technology
Analysts: Kevin Hunt, Thomas Weisel Partners   Tom Curlin, RBC capital   Harry Blount, Lehman Brothers   Bill Shope, J P Morgan   Laura Conigliaro, Goldman Sachs   Ben Reitzes, UBS   Brian Freed, Morgan Keegan & Company   Shebly Seyrafi, Kaufman Brothers   Joel Wagonfeld, First Albany Corp   Toni Sacconaghi, Sanford Bernstein   Aaron Rakers, A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc   Clay Sumner, Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you Sherry. Good morning, welcome to EMC’s call to discuss our financial results for the fourth quarter for full year 2005. We will be making references to our slides today so we encourage you to view them on EMC’s website at www.emc.com. And archive of the audio and slide presentation will also be available following the call. William J. Teuber, EMC’s Executive Vice-President and CFO will start things off and walk you through our Q4 financial performance and highlights. They will also discuss our outlooks for Q1 and the full year of 2006, who then will be joined by Mr.Joseph Tucci, EMC’s Chairman, President and CEO. Jo will comment on our strategy, some of our business results and his view of the economic climate in the IT marketplace. After the formal remarks, we will open up the line to take your questions; we will be joined at that time by Mr. Howard Elias, Executive Vice-President of Corporate Marketing and the Office of Technology. The call this morning will contain forward-looking statements and information’s concerning factors that could cause results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements can be found in EMC’s filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, our financial results contain a number of special items that were previously announced. For Q4 2005, these items include an IPRD charge of $14 million related to our acquisition of Captiva and $80 million charge associated with our announced workforce rebalancing and a tax expense impact of $180 million related to the repatriation of cash. For 3Q 2005, these items include a $105 million tax benefits. To help you with your analysis we’ve included financial details and commentary relating to non-GAAP measures in today’s press release reconciling our GAAP results to our results excluding these items. With that, it’s my now pleasure to introduce EMC’s CFO, Mr. William Tauber.
William Tauber, CFO: Thanks Tony. We ended 2005 on a high note, as we achieved our annual goals for revenue growth in operating margin. Our solid performance and very positive momentum in 2005 make me confident about our position in the marketplace and our opportunities in 2006. We saw strong performance in a number of areas this quarter. We are pleased with the performance of the Symmetrix line, which was up 19% from Q3 driven by strong customer demand for our recently introduced DMX3. In fact, more than a third of our Symmetrix Systems revenues were from the DMX3 and we completely sold out of the product. Given customer reactions so far, I think we are set up nicely for 2006 in this part of the business. In addition, our midrange business reaccelerated this quarter based upon our new Switch backends for the Clarion, which we introduced in the second half of the year. We also achieved an exciting milestone in Q4 with our first billion-dollar quarter in software revenues. We had strong performance across all of our products and in particular Content Management finished the year with a bang. I’ll go through each of these areas in more details in a few minutes. As usual, I’ll spend sometime today discussing the following items: the performance of our revenue lines, operating margin improvement, highlights from the balance sheet and some thoughts on expensing the stock options and I will close as usual with our expectations for Q1 in 2006. Turning to the numbers, Q4 revenues are $2 billion and $710 million, up 15% versus a year ago. For the full year, our revenues were $9 billion and $664 million, up 17.4% in 2004. In Q4, we achieved our goal of getting operating margins in the high teens that came in at 19% and net income for the quarter was $409 million, up 27% over Q4 a year ago. Both of these items exclude the special items previously discussed by Tony. GAAP EPS including those items were $0.06 in Q4 and $0.47 for the full year of 2005. Adjusting for the special items, EPS per diluted share was $0.17 in Q4 and $0.53 for 2005. In order for you to have a clear understanding of our operating results, we’ve also broken up the non-cash expenses of our acquisition and amortization and the cost associated with deferred compensation, which continues to be a little more than a penny per share for the quarter. Excluding these items, non-GAAP EPS for fully diluted share would be $0.18 for Q4 and $0.59 for the full year. We believe that this is an important way of assessing our performance on an ongoing basis. Beyond the topline revenue numbers, the next important revenue breakdown is the results from our Systems Software and Services. Our Systems revenue grew 19% from Q4 of last year was 48% of our business. Software revenues grew 16% and were 37% of our business and Services revenue grew 4% and were 15% of our business. Now, I will turn to our Product categories within these revenue lines. We continue to provide the supplementary information to give you a better understanding of what happened in our business, given the solutions-based approach we bring to the market, the individual category results will vary from quarter-to-quarter. First, turning to the components of our systems related product revenue, Symmetrix product revenue was $754 million. As expected, we saw a strong acceleration here between Q3 and Q4 as the new DMX3 had started the ramp. The market is voted on our new products and it’s a hit. And as I mentioned, we sold out of DMX3 and have a nice backlog there going into Q1. We expect that this product will continue to generate excitement and momentum for us in the high end on the storage market. CLARiiON product revenues of $519 million were up a robust 32% this quarter, which is also its growth rate for the full year. As expected, this business saw a strong ramp as the enhanced products kicked in during Q4. In addition, we also saw a particular strength at the lower strength of the market with the CX300, and Europe led the overall geographic revenue growth. Our connectivity revenue, which includes our Switching product’s sold as Connectrix and our Celera product’s excluding any disc storage grew 27%. Our mid tier product offerings which includes our CLARiiON, Celera and Centerra products collectively grew 32% in the quarter and 31% for the full year. We believe these results compared favorably to anyone in the industry. Additionally revenues for these products in 2005 were approximately $2.2 billion demonstrated the magnitude of our presence in this part of the market. Our NASs business including the associated CLARiiON Disk Storage had a great quarter and was up nearly 50% over last year. We believe we’ve gained a significant amount of market share and mind share in 2005 and we will continue this momentum as we move forward into 2006. Our customers are looking for EMC for much more than they had in the past, the types of conversations we are having and the value proposition we bring to the table had been dramatically enhanced by our ILM strategy in the Products and Services which we have developed in the quarter over the past few years. Turning now to our Software business, total platform software revenues for Q4 were $450 million, up 9% year-over-year. And Multi-Platform software revenues for Q4 were $441 million, up 15% year-over-year. Now, taking a closer look at the components of Multi-Platform software License revenue, Resource Management software license revenues were $167 million, up 7% from last year. The growth driver here continues to be SMARTS which had a record quarter and year as demand for it’s unique model based technology continues to be very strong. The largest product in this segment is Control Center, which is roughly correlated to Symmetric sales and saw a very nice sequential improvement. Back-up recovery and archive Software License revenues were $16 million, up 13% from last year. Within this, our network of license revenues were up nearly 20%, as we continue to gain share with this product. That work out very well last year setting new records for both the quarter and the year. In addition, our EmailXtender product showed double-digit growth in the quarter. Content Management Software license revenues were $64 million up 25% for the quarter. This business ended the year on a high note with total license revenues of $200 million for the full year, up 16%. Looking at this business in it’s entirety including maintenance and services, total revenues were up 21% for 2005 driven by a record quarter year and year in the Documentum prior product shift. We believe that we continue to take share in this market. VMware had another sizzling quarter, license revenues were $87 million, up 55% and Services including maintenance and consulting revenues were $28 million, up 91% over the last year. For the full year VMware had revenues of $387 million, up 78% from 2004. VMware continues to be one of the best performing software companies ever at this stage in its history. Turning to our Services category, which includes our professional services, system maintenance and other services, total revenues were $403 million in Q4, up 4% from last year. The growth rate in this line was affected by tough comparison last year, however our Professional Services bookings were very strong, our associated differed revenues were up and we see excellent opportunity in this space. Turning now to the GS, North America continues to be very strong in a broad based market force, revenues here were $1.534 billion, up 14% over last year. We performed particularly well in the international arena this quarter. International revenues were 43% of total revenues reflecting the benefits of our investments in this space. We continue to invest in the international market to drive our revenue growth in those areas where we are underrepresented from either our market share or direct presence. Looking at the results in EMEA, revenues were $801 million, up 15%. A number of countries had outstanding results here including our Eastern European business as well as Switzerland, France and the Nordics. Additionally it looks like a German economy is firming up, which pose well for 2006. EPJ-A had revenues of $290 million, up 16% from the last year. We are very excited by the opportunities we see seen in a number of countries in this region and we continue to invest in high growth areas like China and India. Latin America had revenues of $85 million, up 28% from last year. Brazil had an excellent quarter, as did some of the smaller countries in this region. Dell continues its strong performance, and when combined with the symmetric revenues they participated in was approximately 13% of total revenues for the quarter. Turning now for the rest of the income statement and I am very pleased that we were able to reach our operating margin target of high teens this quarter with an operating margin of 19% ex the impact of the special items. While this is a good result, we are not standing still and continue to be focused on this metric as we move forward. As we have been targeting, we continue to strive for an operating margin exceeding 20% in Q4 of ‘06, of course this excludes stock option expense. Looking at the elements that make up the operating margins, lets start with gross margins, which was 54.8% for the quarter, up 80 basis point from last quarter. The elements of the changes are as follows. Volume was up 140 basis points. In the mix and the price cost other lines had an offsetting impact of 25 basis points and 35 basis points respectively. Turning now to operating expense, SG&A was $706 million or 21.6% of revenues, down 100 basis point from Q3. R&D was $262 million in Q4, or 9.7% of total revenues. For the full year we spend over billion dollars in R&D. We believe this investment to be an important part of our strategy as we move forward. We intend to continue the aggressive product development cycle we have been on over the last few years. This quarter, we also recorded an IPR&D charge of $14 million for Captiva and an $80 million charge for workforce rebalancing, which Joe will take you through in his comments. Finally the tax line this quarter contains $180 million charge for the repatriation of cash, excluding this our cash rate nudged up a bit this quarter. Turning now to the balance sheet a few other items, we ended the quarter with $7.355 billion in cash. When you look at how we deployed cash this quarter we spent $334 million on acquisitions and used $400 million to buyback EMC stock. This year we broke the billion-dollar mark in our stock buyback and acquired approximately 74 million shares during the year. Looking at our cash positions over the last eight quarters, we’ve generated approximately $3.3 billion before acquisitions and buybacks. More than 85% of our cash has been put to use for buybacks and acquisitions during that time. For Q4, DSOs came in at 48 days, up a few days in Q3, inventory was $725 million and insurance calculated and the total tax basis were 6.7. We continue to be focus on getting this metric back to seven, as we get further through this transition of DMX3. CapEx was $182 million and depreciation and amortization was $190 million. Now I want to talk a little about our stock options expensing since I know it’s a topic of great interest. Let me start off by saying unequivocally that we will strive to bring this expense down overtime. While we believe that broad based equity ownership by EMC employees has a tremendously beneficial impact on the company. We also recognize that it is prudent to reduce the associated expense. For your modeling purposes we are currently expecting accounting for stock options to impact our 2006 results by approximately $0.09 per share, at down about 30% from $0.13 in 2005. Now moving to our expectations for 2006 in Q1. We are very excited about the opportunities we would see in 2006. As we start off this year, there are number of factors that are driving my confidence and optimism for this coming year. First of all we expect to see continuing momentum from our 2005 performance. The solutions focus that we offer is resonating with our customers and the value proposition that we provide them will only get stronger in 2006. Secondly, in the later half of the year we rolled out new versions of high end Symmetrix and enhance our existing mid tier strength with CLARiiON, Celerra and Centerra. We saw a solid ramp of these products in Q4 and expect to continue our momentum as we introduce additional products this year starting with a major announcement later this week. Thirdly, the breadth and depth of our entire staff software portfolio continues to develop and grow both organically and through acquisitions. The strength of our software strategy is becoming increasingly apparent in both the interest we are receiving from customers and the results we are delivering. We continue to see excellent opportunity for all of our software solutions with more products announcements also coming this year. Finally Joe and I are just back from our sales kickoff, the excitement there was palpable and we both believe there was no finer sales team anywhere in fact, anywhere in the world. These factors indicate that our overall business model is striving, our competitive differentiation and strength is increasingly apparent and we expect we will continue to gain share this year as the result. So given these factors we believe that our 2006 revenues will continue to significantly outgrow the market, we see a revenue range of a $11.1 billion to $11.3 billion with earnings in the range of $0.63 to $0.66 per diluted share before options expense. For Q1 we expect revenues to be between $2.57 billion and $2.59 billion and earnings of $0.14 per share before options expense of approximately $0.03. Before I turn the call over to Joe I want to mention that you have probably heard someone coughing and sneezing in the background, Joe is slightly under the weather and so you will hear a few more coughs and sneezes. I can assure you we have our best people on it and with Joe back to full capacity within a few days. So now here is Joe.
Joseph Tucci, Chairman, CEO: Thanks Bill. And welcome and thanks to all of you who have joined us for today’s conference call. Looking back on 2005, I believe EMC had a great year both operationally and strategically. Our information life-cycle management strategy, products and solutions sets hit directly on the areas of IT spend, they were of the highest priority, these areas include compliance, disaster recovery, storage software and SANs to name a few. Looking to 2006, you can see in the Morgan Stanley’s CIO survey of top IT priorities that our ILM strategy is positioned very well and it is on 7 of the Top 20 for this coming year. I will comment more on 2006 later but right now let us examine the various elements of the EMC’s ILM technology stack and our success in 2005. I’ll start with our storage platforms. In 2005 the anticipated Symmetrix DMX3 was incredibly well received and as you know we have only the largest number, we’ve only announced the largest members of the family up to now. That will change, I am pleased to preannounce that we will be in London this Thursday to launch both new lower end members of the DMX family as well as high end expansion. Our particular success in the Symmetrix DMX family was our replication technology, concurrent SRDF, SRDF/A and STAR all had banner year. The high-end DMX products with their massive consolidation capabilities really hit the mark. The average DMX 3 sold in 2005 shipped with over 60 terabytes of raw storage, far and away the largest as any high-end array. Clearly customers trust EMC, in our DMX 3 technology for the most demanding information needs. And as we continue to rollout new models and functionality, included a new high capacity, low cost fiber channel drives, we expect to grow this business in 2006. We believe that the total mid tier storage market grew around 15% in 2005 and an EMC’s mid tier offerings: CLARiiON, Celerra and Centerra, we call them “The Three Cs” internally, accounted for 2.2 billion of revenue for a 31% growth over 2004, and this was a tough compare as 2004 was incredibly robust for us, we grew a whopping 46% over 2003. To put this in perspective EMC has a business year, which is approximately 35% larger than net aps comparable, storage hardware and software business and we have grown it faster in each of the last two years. Also last year we kicked off our entry into the small business network storage market, a market that is expected to reach more than 2.5 billion by 2008. Like we did in high end and mid tier markets our goal here is to be nothing less than the leader in this space. As you can see on this slide EMC has market share leadership across all major storage system categories through Q3 2005, and with our strong finish in Q4 we expect our results to be similar for the entire year. Storage systems is a great market with a great potential and we have never been better positioned. Looking at the software tiers of our ILM stack, as we progress through 2005 the leveraging power of EMC really started to kick-in. This was demonstrated by a significant acceleration of our software revenue in back up, recovery and archive. The category we call BURA. We grew this line up of products 27% year-over-year with great success of our Networker, Dantz Retrospect and Xtender family of products, all having record use. We clearly gained a thunder share in this category as the market grew only in the upper single-digit range. In Enterprise Content Management, our total Documentum business comprised of license, maintenance and professional services was up 21% year-over-year. This business has really flourished as the key intelligence layer of our ILM strategy. Clearly EMC was the top share gainer and with the addition of Acordist (ph) for records management and Captiva for image capture and management, this has positioned us as a leader in this field with 2005 pro forma revenues of approximately $525 million. ILMs power really comes through for customers as we assemble several of our best-of-breed products into solution stack implemented by a worldwide service organization. Our service revenues were up 27% year-over -year and the final element that made and makes our ILM strategy so successful is our vast partner network. And partner network includes technology partners such as Cisco, Microsoft Oracle, SAP and Tech Data. System Integrators and outsourcers such as EDS, Accenture and BearingPoint and System and Distribution partners such as Dell, Fujitsu, Siemens, Unysis Tech Data and ABNet, clearly a world class partner ecosystem. In addition to and in support of ILM, I believe EMC is very well positioned in two game changing technology arenas. The first is the virtualization; I absolutely believe that in three years the vast majority of customer’s infrastructures will be virtualized. EMC as a virtualization product line up that is second to none. First and foremost is VMware with its virtual infrastructure for x86 environments. VMware is now a $460 million run rate company and I firmly believe it still has it’s best years in front of it. In fact you’ll see in this series of recent Goldman Sachs CIO surveys that VMware consistently ranked No.1 as the overall largest share gainer of customer’s IT budget over the next 12 months. We also broadened this market this past Q4. And this is EMC’s network based storage virtualization product. We are totally convinced that storage virtualizations will be an important market and the optimum place to virtualized storage is at the network layer. And third, in our third virtualization offering is Rainfinity file virtualization. Customers have countless files across their enterprise at various levels in their infrastructure. EMC erased and then virtualized these files providing a global name space and unified coordinated access, and by the way we will also be announcing new Rainfinity products and capabilities in London this Thursday. The second game changer is the way in which IT infrastructures will be managed in the future. Moving from traditional frameworks to model-based management topologies. Here we are very well positioned with the industry’s best technology by accomplishing this EMC Smarts. The first exponentiation of this technology is being used today in the carrier and service provider market. Providing real-time, root cause analysis for large complex network infrastructures. And I’m pleased to say that EMC Smarts has taken very significant share in 2005 and it’s important in large market segments. Later this quarter we’ll begin shipping our first applications of this technology applied to storage networks. In overtime we’ll build this capability across additional IT domains to provide more common resource management across the enterprise. The investments we’ve made both organically and via acquisitions that deliver tremendous value to our customers. Proof of that is the recognition we’ve recently received from InfoWorld 2006 Technology of The Year awards where EMC was the only company to take four awards, three based on our virtualization products, VMware for server and desktop and Invista for storage, we won the fourth – and then fourth category, with Documentum and Content Management. But the best proof of all is the fact that our customers have rewarded us with our first billion-dollar software quarter. Looking into 2006, I am bullish on the economic front; Global 1000 companies have record cash levels. Surveys show that these companies will significantly increase capital expenditure in 2006. And I’m also optimistic about the resurgence of the economy in Western Europe, and survey show that IT spending will be up in 2006 around the world. This taken together with the acceptance of our ILM strategy, our significant capabilities in virtualization and model based management coupled with a very strong and I mean very strong EMC product cycle, I’m extremely confident in our ability to grow and continue to take share in 2006. Before going to the Q&A portion of today’s call, I would like to comment on the workforce rebalancing we announced on January 6th. In the past three years EMC has acquired 12 companies and bought the assets of an additional five. These acquisitions brought with them a workforce of over 4000 individuals including a significant component of middle management and Vice Presidents. And over those same last three years EMC has hired over 5000 employees across the globe. And I’m sure you would agree when you hire that fast you can’t back thousands. So despite all of our growth and success over the past two years I believe we have the opportunity to thin the ranks of middle management and VPs as well as a number of sub quarter performers. So we took an action to reduce management layers, accelerate integration inefficiencies and reduce and replace underachievers. We see a vast opportunity for faster growth all around the world. So we’ll reinvest 100% of this replacement headcount in our sales and ask the organizations to drive growth and in our development organizations to drive innovation and faster product cycles. Undoubtedly some of these expense dollars will be saved but that was not the motivation for this action, again it was and is all about growth. We received a lot of questions on the timing of this action, to that I say implementing this type of action when you are doing well and hitting up all cylinders is absolutely the best time. I am convinced this will make a stronger and help accelerate EMC’s growth in 2006 and beyond, and now I would like to turn it back to Tony to moderate the Q&A.
Tony Takazawa, Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks Joe and before we open up the lines, as usual we ask your cooperation in limiting yourself to one question including clarifications and we’d all agree that its working pretty well, so we thank you for your help with this. Shirley, can we open up the lines up for questions please.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Aaron Rakers: Yes, thanks guys, nice quarter, I wonder if you give a little bit more clarity on the high-end business going forward, it sounds like you guys are set to do a refresh of some of the lower end solution and I just kind of want to get some sense of you know timing of those product shipments, how you guys manage the evaluation cycle initially in a quarter and if there is a little bit of a concern that we might see some hesitation at least for a quarter or so on those products? And then additionally if you can talk a little bit about you know the high-end business, I think last quarter you talk about a third of the DMX3 shipping with a full capacity, what was that metric this quarter, and what do you expect going forward?
A - Joseph Tucci: Aaron this is Joe. I don’t anticipate any hesitation whatsoever and that’s because we now have the mass of big products in the market for quite a while now and you know costumer confidence that we can handle systems with 960 drives on them and certainly as we start putting less drives on them, they are going to be even more cost, so I expect to know kind of no hitch in the take up as we did a little bit in the early stages as would 13% in the first quarter that we had a 12% or so. In the first quarter we had the products out there, I think as we put systems out of that size customers really want to kick the tires but they’ve been out there a long time, have to hit in the lower end product of this line, if we taken up immediately from customers. We gave those figures once, I don’t want to talk about, the new figure I gave which is a real figure that’s across the entire line that we shipped in all 2005, the average churn price was – it was bit over 60, so that I could give you a degree and size, other than that I am not going to comment on which size we are shipping and not.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Aaron, next question please.
Operator: Toni Sacconaghi of Sanford Bernstein, you may ask your question.
Q - Justin: Hi, its Justin for Toni, I just have a question about the your outlook and your EPS guidance sort of implies gross or operating margin expansion about 150 basis points year-on-year on 16% revenue growth, this year you did 300 basis points on 17% revenue growth, throwing the fact that you’ve recently announced a layoff and that there should be some benefit from that, just wondering if you could give us some more color around why you don’t expect a little bit more operating leverage?
A - Joseph Tucci: First I would really like to answer that but first, I am not picking on you, but you know this is not a layoff, this is absolutely the rebalancing, we have given 100% of those record stack immediately to, as I’ve said the sales group which is sales and pre-sales and to our development organization to hire, so as we eliminate we will be hiring immediately. So this really isn’t any kind of reduction in force, this is truly getting some of the blow out at the middle management and this is truly getting some of the under achievers out of the company and we wanted to replace in areas to clearly drive integration, innovation and growth but that’s maybe a little sensitive.
Q - Justin: No. I understood but the question still stands that way.
A - Joseph Tucci: Let me – I will turn it over to Will, I decided to say that. Sorry.
A - William Tauber: Let me address this way Justin - first of all our focus is on operating margin and we said operating margins continue to increase our target its beginning to cross 20% I didn’t say who what and clearly that is something we are very focused on. If you look at the overall increase in revenues at the high end of the range we are looking at the 17% increase there, if you go down to EPS line we’re 25% so you know we still have you know quite a bit of leverage left in the model and you know how we do on that during the course of the year we will wait and see, we are obviously very sensitive to that as you are and we are very focused on it but you know we think it’s appropriate outlook for right now and as we get deeper into the year we will update you.
Q - Justin: Alright thanks.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Justin, next question please Shirley.
Operator: Joel Wagonfeld of First Albany Corp.
Q - Joel Wagonfeld: Thank you, question on DMX-3, if you can give us any color around the volume of backlog you mentioned and also why mix would have had a negative impact sequentially on gross margin given the strength particularly at the high end of the DMX-3? Thanks.
A - Joseph Tucci: Joe, on the backlog question we don’t really talk about what the number – numerical backlog is but we have just - we did have as I said we sold out of the DMX-3 and then we have a nice backlog there going into Q1. In terms of the mix, the mix really came out of you know some of the changes in the services business and so you know really wasn’t related to either changes in the product side or in the software side, we are really in 25 basis points in that.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks, next question please.
Operator: Shebly Seyrafi of Kaufman Brothers, you may ask your question.
Q - Shebly Seyrafi: Yes, thank you very much. So you talked about after this recent headcount reduction actions, you are going to go back to hiring again, compared to the 16% revenue growth that you are basically forecasting for 2006, what kind of headcount growth do you expect to achieve this year?
A - Joseph Tucci: Shebly, that’s not a figure that we really give out, it gets complicated with acquisitions and, where we put our people so in terms of a metric around headcount growth we will end up with more people at EMC at the end of 2006 than we have at the end of 2005 that I assure you independent of any acquisitions but I am not going to give you a headcount growth this time.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Shebly, next question please.
Operator: Brian Freed, Morgan Keegan & Company, you may ask your question.
Q - Brian Freed: Thanks. I read your recent document on Goggle desktop relationship announcement did you comment on how this fits into your overall content management strategy and also how you guys there are looking to address the Microsoft’s share points product in light of this partnership?
A - Howard Elias: This is Howard. So the announcement was really related to Federated Search and as you probably know our documents from products today allows search across its own repository but also across multiple repositories in a federated way. And what we have now just done is extended that to the Goggle platform and the Goggle desktop to include that so you can do now sort of a unified enterprise search across those multiple repositories so it really continues to extend and expand the RILM strategy in the enterprise space.
Q - Brian Freed: Then how do you look to address share points?
A - Howard Elias: In share point we actually have the integration where we can again go import back and forth between office and share point and enterprise content management, as you know share point is a tool for sort of the workgroup space and documents in this really enterprise content management and we do have the integration capability with SharePoint today.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Brian, next question please.
Operator: Ben Reitzes from UBS, you ask your question.
Q - Ben Reitzes: Yeah good morning, thanks. Joe and Bill, services were little below our expectations and that had deepened our view the past few quarters, can you just talk about what is happening there, it seems like you obviously made up in software in CLARiiON and other places but just your views for services and how we should look at maybe differs in the backlog going forward and what that does for growth?
A - William Tauber: Ben it’s Will. You can see that from our deferred revenues they were up considerably year-on-year they are up about 20% year-on-year, up 100 million quarter-on-quarter so we had a very good quarter in the service side, just some of it dipped into deferred versus in the income statement, so bookings were strong as I said, defers were up, we continue to hire aggressively in that space, we are delivering a lot of value to our costumers to our services organization, we are going to continue to do that.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Ben, next question please.
Operator: Laura Conigliaro of Goldman Sachs, you may ask your question.
Q Laura Conigliaro: Yes thanks. Given the tail wins created by your upcoming product cycle which starts on Thursday and the fact that you seeing very optimistic about storage in general and the fact that you’ve made a few comments suggesting that some economic environments that have been dragging are picking up. And then of course you deferred revenue, which you just referred to. Either why shouldn’t you be able to grow at more than two times the industry level which I guess the last time you commented on you said was 7% on an organic basis or why shouldn’t you think that the industry level should be a little bit higher and you should be able to grow say two times that kind of level and also can you clarify how much of the revenue in your ’06 revenue number is from acquisition?
A - Joseph Tucci: I now believe Laura that you know I said 7 or 8 and I believe and I said probably closer to seven and now I absolutely believe the eight number. So as you’ve seen our guidance we expect to grow twice as fast as the eight and of course you would like us to do more and we are going to attempt to do that. One of our ways of doing that I think if you looked at our productivity numbers for our sales. They are nothing short of excellent. And this was the way of getting more resources in the sales and hopefully if we file the resources and get them up to speed fast we can drive upside. So that’s certainly what we are going to do, obviously in our range of guidance we gave you some of that upside in through the year. So we are quite bullish and I do believe that the total mark we categorized now, as ILM will be probably north of what it was last year. So it came in pretty close to eight last year and we are seeing a solid eight right now, that’s despite the fact that we probably would loose the point concurrency. So as I was saying in real terms the market accelerated from 8 to 9, so we’re pretty bullish and we are going to go after some of that upside we gave you a little bit of it today. And that’s why I get a little bit touchy when people refer to it as a layoff, it really is rebalancing, I’m trying to get more people out there on the street and rather than only drive productivity which obviously, you always continue to drive the last distance by getting more of productive sales for example. Bill, do you want to handle that?
A - William Tauber: Yeah in terms of what’s patent to the plan Laura, is we closed on Captiva, last day of the year. So that’s a little bit right around $100 million of revenue that’s coming in, if you want bits of pieces but a hundred million dollars is good number to use.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Laura, next question please.
Operator: Bill Shope of J P Morgan, you may ask your question
Q - Bill Shope: Ok great thanks. Can you give us some of the key reasons behind the supply shortage for DMX3 other than obviously strong demand where the component or manufacturing related and can you give us an idea when you sold out of the products, if we can understand how many weekend sales you might have left on the table?
A - William Tauber: This is Will. You know we have a hockey stick, right. We sold out of the product late in the quarter. We forecasted how many we are going to sell, how many we are going to make and obviously the demand team went over there, there wasn’t any particular component supply as you, its just a question of, you’ve got to take stab when you don’t have a lot of history as to which you are going to sell in that product. We actually over achieved both on the manufacturing side our original plans but we super overachieved on the sales side so we are very pleased with the update.
Q - Bill Shope: Getting you back on track with demand and supply, so far?
A - Joseph Tucci: Yeah. We do not see any constraints on the supply side right now in anything that we are touching so we are okay there.
Q - Bill Shope: Right, thanks a lot.
A -Joseph Tucci: Thank you Bill. Next question please.
Operator: Harry Blount of Lehman Brothers, you may ask your question.
Q - Harry Blount: Thanks guys. You mentioned that 12 acquisitions and obviously one of the impacts of that is that you tend to get a silent organization that takes a while for the sales force productivity to gel and perhaps the actions you took here recently is in move to knock down some of those silos but it’s focusing on software particular, can you give us a sense of what kind of productivity progression you guys have seen over the last year or so as the software portfolio has matured in terms of the sales force being able to either sell multiple products across multiple categories or the average deal size or some just general sense of how you are progressing on that front?
A -Joseph Tucci: Well clearly if you look at the category, which we now lump BURA, which is backup, recovery and archives, you know that market is 7-8% growth from what I see in ITC and we did 27. That is happening absolutely because we are getting leverage from what would be the traditionally EMC sales force. And we are aligning these organizations and specializing in creating a great go to market model. I believe the same thing is true in Documentum, I think content management business is up Top 10, we were 21, more than twice as fast. So I think, we are absolutely doing the right things and Harry, you are absolutely right, one of the things we are doing is getting to this as we bring these things closer together and get better alignment and better go to market tactics and cooperation and plans and everything else that goes around these integrations we find that there are levels of management we could take out, and as you take out one manager you could put in three sales guys or two developers to drive growth and innovation and that’s what this whole move was about. So you hit it right on the head.
Q - Harry Blount: But Joe I was focusing more on kind of the cross category sales in terms of, are you able to see one organization starting to sell multiple products I am trying to get a sense of what kind of progression we are seeing there in terms of productivity either on a dollar basis or a product basis?
A -Joseph Tucci: Well, if you take a look at the EMC traditional sales force, following content management is in the ILM stack but they need help. So right there David go, get their partners in Documentum, right and they would work together they found of course Documentum finds it, they could bring in the initiative to work both ways. When you talk about, say something as simple and closer as Networker, our guys obviously go, go a lot further before they have to call and help and our traditional guys. So, each of those areas of the technology stacks which we call ILM has different levels of specialization around it, it’s a complex model but its really working a while in getting a foothold and as the whole thing that we dedicated our kickoffs that was in what we call Segmentation, Specialization and Alignment. And I am sure you guys know a lot about how you go to market, those are the three key areas and that’s where we are really focused on and we think we got a great model and certainly its the best model we have had over the last couple of years in terms of getting Synergies across these companies.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Harry, next question please.
Operator: Tom Curlin, RBC capital, you may ask your question.
Q - Tom Curlin: Good morning. Not that I am a proponent of this approach but I’ve had a few clients ask me about the potential of spinning out VMware, just given evaluation that that entity could command on an standalone basis. Can you just comment on any scenario where that would make sense for guys and just also on if not maybe run through again, how that keys into the long term Software strategy?
A -Joseph Tucci: Well two sides, first of all, without a doubt, one of the hardest areas in all of IT, both in the data centers and as far as that’s concerned, you need to distribute it, architectures has been going to virtualization of that typical resource. And that happens in multiple layers, right, I mean, so as you saw from the InfoWorld awards, I mean what we are doing in existence importantly, what we are doing right synergies and forth so EMC is going to have a collection of virtualization that is, I think is more powerful together than it has suffered. We run VMware at a highest standards of openness. Even our competitors, even our most staunch competitors are giving us great accolades and we are doing exactly as we said do, we give absolutely free and open access even to our major competitors that use VMware software which makes it a little bit different but we talk about business continuance and other areas that are very important to the ILM stack, I mean, this is a phenomenal asset and I think, overtime it will be, it’s in great hands and we don’t have plans of divesting it.
Q - Tom Curlin: Thank you very much
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Tom, next question please.
Operator: Kevin Hunt with Thomas Weisel Partners, you may ask you the question.
Q - Kevin Hunt: Hi thank you, I wonder if you can comment on the competitive environment and specifically IBM on its call, it was talking about aggressive pricing in the storage market which based on the MRs and the Nero’s doesn’t seem like it’s really should be the case, and then also maybe you can touch on the ability to sort of, go back to regaining shares with this new product launch upcoming here?
A -Joseph Tucci: Hi Kevin, I don’t know, I mean, lets us face it, I mean, the market out there, I think, in a whole lot of segments by the way, its competitive, it always has and always will be and, let me give you my basic underline fear I have, and that’s that any big organization, whether its HP or whether its IBM whether its EMC or anybody else has the greatest asset of probably their installed base. And I will submit to you that any company as an install base is a section of that install base, alright a piece of that installed base and it is a sizeable piece of that install base, but it really ends up being very loyal and they don’t even wait for your product cycle, so what happens is you know as you have a product cycle that royal base that’s been waiting awhile, this was especially true if you refreshes are slow, now we have been refreshing so fast that we see this happening continuously so when an HP refreshes and gets a pickup you know you get to do these market shares over the long-term, they have a piece of very loyal base that sitting there waiting for them, and when they come out with a better product they buy it, and it is the same thing with IBM, and we also have a loyal base too and of course it is 50s figure base that’s that is not as loyal, right which is more a progress, a more competitive so you play this game at overtime, we’ve got a great product plan family, we’ve fixed everything that the customers have wanted for years, they wanted cash, they now have it, they wanted the ability to move from one system to the other as you know in the old DMX line, we had a forecast to make X number 1000s and X number 2000s X number 3000s now it’s a new line up as you will see, it’s a little bit away but as you see you start with one model and you grow, we don’t have to if the inventory, any particular model of the DMX3 line, it is just adding components seamlessly so you can go from a smaller system all the way up to the system which you have over 2000 drives as we said before, so they are 100% so it’s a very competitive line, it’s the only truly scalable line like that and I think we are going to do just great with it and of course as you get multiple tiers of storage inside that line we think we are going to actually get some significant growth so we are very comfortable and I hear these market share things but when I think when you look at the high end storage, there is three companies I don’t think you are going to see a lot of market things over big period of time and we still are clearly the leader and I do believe we will be the key grower in 2006. Sorry for the long answer.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Kevin, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Clay Sumner of Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Q - Clay Sumner: Thanks very much. Gentlemen it looks like the software drag rate for CLARiiON if you will sell substantially this quarter and hardware maintenance growth also seemed to slowdown, can you just help us understand why and is that somehow related to the new CLARiiON products that people expect to come soon?
A - William Tauber: Not so much, Clay, as I mentioned in my comments, we saw sort of strongest performance in CLARiiON at the lowest end which has the least amount of software content so you know that’s one of the factors there, in terms of the mean, the mean it comes around a little bit sort of every quarter so I wouldn’t derive any conclusions from that.
Q - Clay Sumner: Good to hear from you again.
A - Tony Takazawa: Thanks Clay and we’ll turn the call over to Joe for few last comments.
Joseph Tucci, Chairman, CEO: I just wanted to thank everybody for joining us today. I think the messages are clear, I think we are very well positioned with ILM strategy, we are on two new exciting strategies which complement and augment our ILM strategy with virtualization capabilities and our model based management capabilities, we see a robust economy for 2006 we have a larger and best trained sales forces we ever had and we will – I am expecting to have a good year and we will chase upside all year, I assure you. Thank you very much.
