===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $514 million, an increase of 5.1% over last year, and adjusted FFO per share of $0.64, an increase of 4.9% over last year. First quarter adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per share benefited from $10 million of business interruption proceeds related to Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which is the same amount we recognized in the first quarter of 2024 related to Hurricane Ian. Comparable hotel total RevPAR improved 5.8% compared to the first quarter of 2024 and comparable hotel RevPAR improved 7%, driven by strong rate growth. Comparable hotel EBITDA margin improved by 30 basis points year-over-year to 31.8% as revenue growth outpaced expenses due to higher rates. As a reminder, the operational results discussed today refer to our 79 hotel comparable portfolio in 2025 which excludes the Alila Ventana Big Sur and the Don CeSar. Additionally, this quarter, we are referring to revenue growth for our business mix segments as RevPAR growth due to the leap year in 2024. Turning to business mix. RevPAR growth in the first quarter was better than expected, driven by increases in room rates. We saw particularly strong performance in Washington, D.C., New York, New Orleans, Los Angeles and Maui. Transient RevPAR grew by 6%, driven by resorts which benefited from a late Easter. Our 3 Maui Resorts accounted for almost half of the transient RevPAR growth in the quarter, alongside strong performance in New York and Los Angeles. Digging deeper into Maui, the leisure transient recovery continued, driving Maui's strong results in the first quarter. Transient rooms sold were up approximately 70% year-over-year. Growth in revenues from transient guest more than offset declines from tough group comparisons in the first quarter of 2024, which included revenue from recovery and relief groups as well as elevated group cancellation revenue. Maui's 16% RevPAR growth in the first quarter provided a 70 basis point benefit to portfolio RevPAR growth. Total RevPAR at our Green Maui Resort was also up nearly 7%. Due to strong outlet growth and increases in golf and spa revenue, despite collecting $8 million in attrition and cancellation revenue last year. Taken together, we are encouraged that the recovery is well underway in Maui. Business transient RevPAR grew 2%, driven by rate growth as we saw a favorable market mix and a continued shift from government to corporate negotiated customers in the first quarter. Group RevPAR for the quarter was up 7% year-over-year as special events, the Easter holiday shift and strong corporate group bookings in major markets drove group rate growth. Our property sold 1.1 million group room nights in the first quarter, bringing our definite group room nights on the books for 2025 to $3.6 million or 85% of comparable full year 2024 group room nights and total group revenue pace is up 3.3% to the same time last year. Turning to ancillary spend. RevPAR growth outpaced total RevPAR growth in the first quarter. Rate growth achieved around special events such as the inauguration and the Super Bowl drove outsized RevPAR growth in the first quarter. While the decline in attrition and cancellation revenue due to Maui's tough comparison muted total RevPAR growth. Despite a challenging comparison, we still saw solid growth in food and beverage and other revenues. F&B RevPAR grew 5%, driven by both banquet and outlet growth and other revenue per available room grew 2% despite a meaningful decline in attrition and cancellation revenue. Turning to the Don CeSar. We were thrilled to welcome guests back to the resort in late March after a 6-month remediation efforts following Hurricanes Helene and Milton. Our team leveraged strong industry relationships and lessons learned from the Ritz-Carlton Naples to enhance amenities and rebuild infrastructure to increase resilience, including elevating critical equipment and systems. The Don CeSar holds a cherish place in the hearts of hotel employees in the St. Pete Beach community. In fact, the majority of associates returned after 6 months, a testament to their resilience, loyalty and commitment to the Don CeSar. Since the reopening, we are seeing stronger-than-anticipated transient demand, higher average checks in our temporary F&B outlets, increased demand for spa services and a greater number of club members reactivating membership. As a reminder, we currently estimate our total property damage and remediation costs as the Don CeSar will be between $100 million and $110 million, and our insurance deductibles are $20 million. We collected $10 million of business interruption proceeds in the first quarter. While we expect to collect additional business interruption proceeds, it is too early to estimate the timing or amount of additional payments. Turning to capital allocation. During the first quarter, we repurchased 6.3 million shares of common stock at an average price of $15.79 per share for a total of $100 million. Since 2022, we have repurchased $415 million of stock at an average repurchase price of $16.16 per share, we have $585 million of remaining capacity under our Board-authorized share repurchase program. Turning to portfolio reinvestment. During the first quarter, we completed comprehensive renovations at the Grand Hyatt Atlanta and Buckhead, marking the first completion of 6 properties in the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program. We also completed and reopened a 2-story rotating restaurant lounge on the 48th floor of the New York Marriott Marquis as well as Aviv, a new restaurant on the lobby level of the 1 Hotel South Beach. We continue to make progress on the condo development at the Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World. We expect to complete the mid-rise condominium building and begin closing on sales in the fourth quarter of this year. We now have deposits and purchase agreements for 16 of the 40 units. In 2025, our capital expenditure guidance range is $580 million to $670 million, which includes between $70 million and $80 million for property damage reconstruction majority of which we expect to be covered by insurance. Our CapEx guidance also reflects approximately $270 million to $315 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects. With the highest transformational capital program, we expect to complete renovations at the Hyatt Regency Austin and the Hyatt Regency Capitol Hill in the second half of this year. As a reminder, we expect to benefit from approximately $27 million of operating profit guarantees related to the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program this year which we expect will offset the majority of the EBITDA disruption at those properties. Other major ROI projects this year include the construction of The Phoenician Canyon Suites Villa expansion and the Don CeSar borrower expansion, which we expect to complete in the first quarter of 2025. In addition to our capital expenditure investment, we expect to spend $75 million to $85 million on the condo development at the Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World this year. Looking back at prior renovations, we completed 24 transformational renovations between 2018 and 2023, and which we believe are continuing to provide meaningful tailwinds for our portfolio. Of the 19 hotels that have stabilized post renovation operations to date, the average RevPAR index share gain is over 8.9 points, which is well in excess of our targeted gain of 3 to 5 points. As of the first quarter, we are excited to share that all 16 of the Marriott Transformational Capital Program Comprehensive Renovations have stabilized and are meaningfully contributing to our portfolio performance. As evidenced by our first quarter results, our capital allocation decisions over the past few years continue to serve us well. Turning to our outlook for 2025, while we outperformed our expectations in the first quarter, we remain cautious given the heightened macroeconomic uncertainty. Demand trends appear to be holding for now but the potential for deteriorating lodging fundamentals has increased. Based on the information we have today, we are maintaining our comparable hotel RevPAR guidance range with a slight reduction to total RevPAR driven by moderating trends in group lead volume. As Sourav will discuss in more detail, the low end of our guidance range contemplates a mild slowdown while the high end assumes a more stable macroeconomic environment. In preparing our guidance, we look to prior downturns, including the recession in the early 1990s, the 2008 financial crisis and the pandemic, which had the most severe impact on the lodging industry. As a result of the wide range of potential economic outcomes, we are also providing an approximate rule of thumb for the current environment based on how our portfolio is positioned today. For every 100 basis point change in RevPAR, we would expect to see a $32 million to $37 million change and adjusted EBITDAre. In times like this, it is important to remember that Host is well positioned to weather any environment and continue to thrive, as a result of our fortress investment-grade balance sheet, a leverage ratio of 2.8x, our access to capital, our size and scale, our diversified business and geographic mix our continued reinvestment in our portfolio. We will continue to utilize our competitive advantages, be disciplined in our capital allocation approach and position Host to outperform in the current environment and over the long term. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our first quarter operations, updated 2025 guidance and our balance sheet. Starting with total revenue trends. RevPAR growth outpaced from RevPAR for the first time in over a year as outsized rate growth driven by special events boosted RevPAR. Despite challenging comparisons, group and transient guests continue to increase their out-of-home spend at our hotels. Comparable hotel food and beverage RevPAR grew 5% in the quarter, driven by both banquet and outlets. Banquet revenue increased 5%, driven by growth in group room nights and contribution per group room nights outside of Maui. Results were driven by both The Ritz-Carlton Resorts in Naples, The Phoenician, the New York Marriott Marquis, the Grand Hyatt Manchester San Diego, and our recently acquired 1 Hotel and Embassy Suites complex Nashville. Outlet revenue also grew 5%, resulting from more normalized operations in Maui, the opening of the view Restaurant at the New York Marriott Marquis and the repositioned Singer Oceanfront Resort. Other revenue per available room grew 2% in the first quarter despite difficult comparisons from record levels of attrition and cancellation collected last year. Golf and spa revenues continue to grow leaving us encouraged that [indiscernible] consumer is still prioritizing spending on premium experiences. Overall transient RevPAR was up 6% compared to the first quarter of 2024 and driven by improving leisure trends in demand in Maui. Outside of Maui, transient strength was driven by the repositioned Singer Oceanfront Resort, the Four Seasons Orlando Resort at Walt Disney World, the Westin Kierland and the Four Seasons Jackson Hole. In fact, the year-over-year, the Four Seasons Jackson Hole held transient rate over $2,800 while increasing transient rooms sold by 15%. Special events and holidays in the quarter showed meaningful growth. For our 5 hotels in Washington, D.C., RevPAR for the inauguration was up an impressive 660% over the same time frame last year. Our President's Day weekend, all hotel types had double-digit RevPAR growth, resulting in 16% RevPAR growth for the comparable portfolio. Looking ahead to holidays in the second quarter, transient revenue pace is down slightly for Memorial Day weekend compared to the same time last year as convention hotels have opted to take more group on the books that we can. Outside of convention hotels, transient revenue is pacing up in the mid-single digits with Maui pacing up over 30%. July 4 transient revenue pace is also up 4% over last year, again, driven by Maui. Business transient RevPAR was up 2% to the first quarter of 2024 driven by nearly 7% rate growth, while volume was down 5%. We expect business transient revenue to remain flat for the remainder of this year as a result of the uncertain macroeconomic environment. Turning to group RevPAR was up 7% year-over-year, which includes an estimated 250 basis points negative impact from Maui. As expected, group room nights were down compared to the first quarter of 2024, driven by recovery in the lease group room nights in Maui last year, which did not repeat in 2025. Group room night volume was slightly from the portfolio, excluding Maui. Group RevPAR growth was driven by broad-based corporate group strength across the portfolio as well as association groups. For full year 2025, we have over 3.6 million definite group room nights on the books, representing a 12% increase since the fourth quarter. As Jim mentioned, total group revenue pace is up 3.3% over the same time last year. Group lead volumes moderated as association and government-related groups paused new bookings due to the heightened uncertainty but we are encouraged that rates continue to hold across the portfolio for bookings made in the first quarter for the rest of 2025. We also continue to see strong citywide booking pace in many of our key markets. including San Francisco, New Orleans, San Antonio and Nashville. Shifting gears to margins. Comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 31.8% was 30 basis points above the first quarter of 2024 as a result of rate-driven total RevPAR growth, which outpaced fixed expense growth. We expect year-over-year margin comparison to decline as the year progresses, primarily driven by wages and benefits and fixed expense pressures alongside a modest reduction in total RevPAR forecast. Turning to our outlook for 2025. As Jim discussed, we are maintaining our comparable hotel RevPAR guidance range with a slight reduction to total RevPAR driven by moderating group lead volume. It is important to note that the guidance range we are providing is based on the information we have today, and we remain cautious given the heightened uncertainty. As a reminder, we have assumed a gradual improvement at our Maui properties this year and no improvement in the international demand in Dallas. At the low end of our guidance, we have assumed a mild slowdown driven by curating macroeconomic sentiment and a worsening international demand imbalance. And at the high end, we have assumed a more stable macroeconomic environment driven by clarity on trade policies and improvement in the international demand imbalance. Our full year 2025 guidance contemplates comparable hotel RevPAR growth of between 50 basis points and 2.5% over 2024. We expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 160 basis points year-over-year at the low end of our guidance to down 100 basis points at the high end, a 50 basis point improvement over our prior guidance. In terms of RevPAR growth cadence for the remainder of the year, our guidance reflects quarterly growth in the negative 2% to positive 1% range with fourth quarter being strongest and third quarter being weaker. As Jim mentioned, given the uncertainty and range of potential outcomes, we are providing an approximate rule of thumb in the current environment based on how the portfolio stands today. For modeling purposes, we estimate that every 100 basis point change in RevPAR would roughly equate to a $32 to $37 million change in adjusted EBITDAre. The midpoint assumes comparable hotel RevPAR growth of 1.5% compared to 2024 on a comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 28%, which is 130 basis points below 2024. As we think about bridging our 2024 results to 2025, we estimate a 110 basis point impact to full year comparable hotel EBITDA margin from [indiscernible] benefit rate increases and a 40 basis point impact from lower business interruption proceeds which is partially offset by a 20 basis point benefit from operational improvements. For the full year, we continue to expect overall wage and benefit expenses to increase over 6% which comprises approximately 57% of our total hotel operating expenses. Our 2025 full year adjusted EBITDAre midpoint is $1.645 billion, this represents a $25 million or 1.5% improvement over our prior guidance midpoint, driven entirely by first quarter outperformance. It is important to note that we expect to receive additional business interruption proceeds for the Don CeSar, but it is still too early to estimate the timing or amount of any additional payment. Our 2025 full year adjusted EBITDAre midpoint also includes $25 million of estimated EBITDA from the Four Seasons Condo development, which we expect to recognize concurrent with condo sale closings in the fourth quarter. Lastly, our midpoint includes an estimated $1 million loss at the Don CeSar and an estimated $15 million contribution from operations at Alila Ventana Big Sur, both of which are excluded from our comparable hotel set in 2025. Turning to our fortress balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 5 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.7%. We currently have $2.2 billion in total available liquidity, which includes $264 million of FF&E reserves and $1.5 billion available under the revolver portion of the credit facility. Our quarter-end leverage ratio was 2.8x. In April, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share. As always, future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors. We will continue to be strategic in managing our balance sheet and liquidity position as we move through the remainder of 2025. Wrapping up, we believe our investment-grade balance sheet as well as our size scale and diversification uniquely positions Host to successfully navigate in uncertain times while capitalizing on opportunities for growth in the future. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Aryeh Klein with BMO.
Aryeh Klein: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about some of the recent trends that you've been seeing in April from a demand standpoint. And then maybe on a market level, are you expecting some kind of divergence in performance in assets and gateway markets that are more exposed to inbound international travel? And perhaps you can just talk a little bit more broadly about what you're seeing on that front?
James Risoleo: Hi Aryeh, I'll take the second part of your question, Sourav, can take the first part regarding trends. The top international, the top markets in the country, the top 25 are actually performing really well. And if you look through our first quarter performance. I know we called out certain markets with onetime events like the inauguration in Washington, D.C. and the Super Bowl in New Orleans. And Los Angeles and New York City and Maui. But if you were to exclude those markets, we still had solid RevPAR performance throughout the rest of the portfolio. So international inbound is about 8% of our total room nights and the markets that are, frankly, most affected by Canadian inbound travel or Seattle and New York City. And as you know, we don't have a large presence in Seattle and New York City has just been performing extremely well. And I think that can all be tied back to the transformational innovation that we undertook at the Marriott Marquis during COVID. And our group business is extremely strong at the Marquis and we mentioned it in our prepared comments, we're excited that we have been able to open The View Restaurant with Danny Meyer running it. I think it's going to do fantastically well for us. So we're not seeing the drag on our portfolio from international inbound that's been talked about across the board. I think there is a divergence clearly today between the top 25 markets and luxury resorts that we have a lot of, as you know, and the secondary and tertiary markets, the lower chain scales. And we're delighted with how the portfolio is positioned today. And we have seen strong leisure demand. I'll let Sourav give you some stats around that in the first quarter across all of our resorts.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Aryeh as it relates to April, we obviously don't have final numbers for April. But when you look at the travel data, month-to-date April for upper tier is up 2.5%. And Luxury is above that and upper upscale is effectively flat. And others [indiscernible] scale, I believe, is down 3%. For our portfolio, we are actually trending better than the upper tier performance for April month to date. And it's really being driven by our luxury resort that had a very strong Easter. So all in all, luxury is holding very strong as we said in our prepared remarks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Now we clearly did a little bit better, I think, than you think. Can you just talk about your outlook for the remainder of the year? I guess, both from a RevPAR perspective, are there any periods that have easier versus tougher comps? And then from a profit growth or EBITDA growth perspective?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Duane. So would you look throughout the year for Maui? Obviously, Q1 is very strong for Maui, and so is Q4, Q2, Q3 somewhat moderating. But let me walk you through the updated Maui bridge, if you will, because we provided that last quarter. So if you remember, we had sort of restated our 2024 EBITDA at $72 million. So that was, if you recall, $97 million net of VI, less $17 million from the lease and recovery rooms and then less $8 million from the onetime attrition cancellation revenue that got us to a restated $72 million number, deduct from that the $7 million for region benefit increase in 2025. And now you would add to that $30 million to $40 million estimated for the year in terms of improvement in operations. Last quarter, we had stated instead of 30 to 40, we had said our estimate at that point time was $15 million to $30 million. So in other words, our expectation for Maui from an EBITDA standpoint has gone up by approximately $10 million to the midpoint. So in essence, our EBITDA projection for Maui currently stands at the midpoint at about $100 million. It was previously, what we have said was somewhere around 80 to 95. So certainly, that has improved. I would say majority of that improvement is $10 million is Q1. However, we still anticipate a little bit of continued improvement throughout the year as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Jim, you guys have kind of set yourself more from your peers a little bit coming out of COVID with a lot of acquisitions, and you've been busy in the last couple of years, and I know we're not quite even halfway through the year yet, but do you think all the uncertainty in the world that we're all talking about, does that, in your mind, create more opportunities on the acquisition front in the near term?
James Risoleo: Well, Chris, I wish I had a crystal ball to really answer that question in a precise manner. I really don't know what's going to happen. I can only point to what we've done in the past as maybe a prelude to how we think about markets and deploying capital in the future but there has been a lot of talk all throughout COVID regarding the stress in the markets and that there are going to be a lot of asset sales, and it didn't occur. And based on what we're seeing, certainly within our portfolio from an operating fundamental perspective, we hope that this translates to other owners of hotels as well that the big R word is a thing of the past and that we see a shift in policy, which is really pausing all the uncertainty out there today and that we have other great things coming out of Washington, the tax bill and the budget bill in the second half of the year and that the economy takes off and the uncertainty goes away. So I really think if that does happen, and obviously, it's dependent somewhat on interest rates that you may see a more active transaction market pick up later this year. But as of today, I think the general attitude and mood out there is, everyone is in a wait-and-see mode. There is just not a lot happening in the transaction market because of the uncertainty that exists on a macro basis. So from our perspective, we're going to continue being opportunistic as we deploy capital. We will continue to invest in our portfolio that has served us very well. We have seen great results of the 16 Marriott Transformational Capital Program assets that we completed as well as 8 other assets that we under taken transformational innovations on. We picked up 8.9 points in yield index. I mean, that's very significant, and that flows right to the bottom line. We underwrote 3 to 5 points. So I think investing in your assets done smartly is a really good use of capital buying back stock when we're trading at levels that we are today is also a good use of capital and continuing to pay a dividend is also something that's very important to us. So we're in a unique position, Chris. Given the balance sheet and the fact that we're sitting here today at only 2.8x leverage, and we have $2.2 billion of liquidity, we really earn the unique position where we can do it all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz: And I'm going to sort of follow on this just a little bit because look, in a stable operating environment, without any prospects for sizable deals. And I'm not trying to put words in your mouth and suggest that there aren't. But I'd love to get a sense for when you might consider perhaps returning some more capital through repurchases or other kind of onetime events, just a thought?
James Risoleo: Well, I think that you will see us continue to be thoughtful about repurchasing stock and continuing to pay our dividend, David. We we went into blackout on March 24, that was about a week or so before Liberation Day when the stock really started to underperform I think it's safe to say that if we were in a position to buy back additional shares when the stock price really weakened that you would have seen us do that in the marketplace. So we're going to keep one eye on operations as we always do because we have a lot of priorities that are important to the long-term growth of this business and to the long-term value creation for our shareholders. So I can't sit here definitively today and give you a number about how much we're going to deploy to buy back shares? And whether or not we're going to be acquiring assets, given the landscape that's out there today, and the fact that there just isn't a lot out there that's exciting. So I would just tell you, it's a wait-and-see approach. We'll be opportunistic and let's see how the year plays out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley: Jim, I just -- or sir, I just wanted to go back to the consumer environment a little bit. You called out a couple of data points which are interesting, which were the bookings on the sort of peak weekends, 4rth of July, Memorial Day, which all sound pretty encouraging. What are you seeing in sort of the off-peak period, be it weekday, weekend or just sort of particularly for some of those same that same portfolio. Are you seeing -- the question is, are you seeing a high low dynamic where people are coming at those periods but a little softer in the shoulders? Or is it consistent throughout just given your mix and the higher-end consumer?
Sourav Ghosh: I would say, so far, it's still been pretty consistent. There hasn't been a meaningful change in trend as we look at weekday weekend. And obviously, that does differ from asset to asset and from market to market. But overall, there's nothing meaningful that has really shown up that we can sort of speak to. And like we said, we still have a positive group booking pace, our total group revenue pace for the year is at 3.3%, and that group rate has held. You might recall, we have said of the group rate effectively for the full year with a 4%. We are effectively still there at 3.8%. And then leisure, as I mentioned earlier, has been holding on pretty strong. So -- and nothing dramatic on the BT front. Yes, volume was lower year-over-year on the BT front, but rate was higher and we are pretty much seeing the same thing as we look at April as well. So nothing unique there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bellisario with Baird.
Michael Bellisario: Jim, a question for you on sort of margins and operations. Have you guys implemented broader cost-cutting initiatives yet? Are you making any staffing changes or kind of any [indiscernible] cuts at this point to manage margin for the remainder of the year?
James Risoleo: Well, the best downturns have been very instructive and informative Mike. I mean, we have developed contingency plans property by property, not on a portfolio-wide basis because each asset is different. And the plans are ready to be implemented if and when the need occurs. At this point in time with how the portfolio is performing. I mean, we always have [indiscernible] on expenses always. And I think Sourav mentioned in his remarks that we had a 20 basis point operational improvement based on productivity in actions that we've taken at the property level. So if things are -- if things were to go south, and we're not seeing that today. I mean, we are not seeing it today. I want to emphasize that very, very clearly. We are very comfortable with the guidance that we're maintaining for the balance of this year. But if things were to go south, of course, we would be in a position to very quickly implement our contingency planning and cut expenses as needed across the portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Darling with Green Street.
Chris Darling: To what extent is your CapEx budget for the year at risk the tariff situation? And then how is the current backdrop impacted your thinking around planned capital projects in future years? And is that really where we might see some risk?
James Risoleo: Chris, I think it's a little too early to tell exactly how tariff policy is going to play out. We are maintaining our CapEx guidance as we've discussed today. It's the same numbers that we gave you on the fourth quarter call in February. And we have a diverse group of suppliers for our products. Obviously, the tariff risk is greatest probably whenever you're doing a guest room given the FF&E that's involved, and it becomes less impactful on other spaces in the hotel. So we have clearly developed off ramps for referring to Mike's question on contingency planning from an operational perspective. Well, to be prudent, we've developed off ramps for our capital projects if the nature present itself. But I don't anticipate that happening at this point in time. We're moving full steam ahead with our High Transformational Capital Program. We've completed the Grand Hyatt in Buckhead already this year. And we will be completing the Hyatt Regency Capitol Hill and the Hyatt Regency Austin this year as well. So to answer your question about 2026, it's a little too early to really start talking about budgeting and what we're thinking about on a capital basis for next year. We will do that later in the summer, which is something that we've done on a historical basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Kornreich with Wedbush Securities.
Jay Kornreich: You commented on the current economic uncertainty leading to business transient RevPAR expectations to be flat for the year or the rest of the duration of the year and group new bookings moderating. So I'm wondering if you can just drill a little bit further down to provide more details into those 2 legs of demand? And then specifically on the group side, are you seeing the moderation coming in more for the -- in the year for the year bookings, or more as you're looking out to 2026 bookings and beyond?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. When we're looking at group, it is really more in the year for the year. So when we were speaking to lead volumes, it's in the year for the year, it's in the quarter for the quarter and the month for the month. The lead time is effectively shrinking. In other words, folks are certainly taking a pause. And I would say specifically at government groups, which is not a surprise and associations. That's where we're seeing sort of moderation of lead volumes, but it's really the 2025 phenomenon. We actually picked up about 470,000 group room nights for 2026 through 2028. And we are pacing 26 to 28 in the high single digits. So it is certainly not as much of an issue for future years, but more so what we are seeing in the year for the year and in the month for the month as well. As it relates to business transient, like I mentioned earlier, Q1 volume was down year-over-year. We were down about 5% or so in terms of BT room nights, a majority of that decline, I would say, a little over 50% was really driven by government. So government holds under our BT room nights, rate was up 6.5% for us in Q1. And even government rate actually was up about 4% or so. We expect that the volume -- in our previous guidance, we had anticipated that you would continue to see the steady recovery of BT as we had seen last year. Right now, we are assuming that's not going to be the case effectively. The decline in volume we saw year-over-year will continue throughout the year. And we will see a moderate year-over-year rate increase similar to what we saw in Q1. So effectively, not much of a change in BT just given the macroeconomic uncertainty.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Armstrong with Wells Fargo.
Jack Armstrong: How have you seen the administration policies now you had a few months to see them play out, impact you in terms of supply and labor markets. Are you seeing incremental pressure on margins there? And then on the tariff side, how have your expectations for tariffs take your full year margin guidance?
James Risoleo: With the first part of your question, Jack, was that regarding supply? Or was this supply of labor?
Jack Armstrong: Yes, labor supply.
James Risoleo: Labor supply, we were fortunate that we have -- the majority of our properties managed by Marriott and Hyatt, to really solid employers that people go to because they want to have hospitality as a career. And we have not seen any pressure on our on the labor front. And that's been consistent. I mean we were able to recover coming out of COVID pretty quickly and restaff our hotels as needed. So no issue there whatsoever. So there is -- there is no -- at this point in time, no indication that tariffs are going to impact our margins at the hotel level. We've given you guidance on how we think margins are going to perform over the course of this year. Of course, if things change, then we will change accordingly. But as we sit here right now, we're comfortable with the margin guidance that we provided.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: Jim, I had a question for you on the transaction market. What -- we've been hearing some signs that some buyers could be pulling out of transactions. Do you currently have assets in the market? And what do you think is going to happen in terms of pricing expectations?
James Risoleo: Yes. Floris, I think I got your question. You're breaking up a little bit over your line. It was about the transaction market and you're hearing that buyers are pulling out of transactions. That happen a long term, I mean if there's something out, okay. Yes. So look, I think I mentioned it earlier. It is a wait-and-see approach right now for the most part in the marketplace. There were -- the CMBS market had backed up, had closed down for a period of time, it's back now, it's open. So I would expect after we get a little more clarity on policy that -- and we can get through this period of uncertainty that my expectation would be later this year that we can see the transaction market continue to open up and some of the deals that have been out there, that are on pause right now. I think that they're likely to get done. I think certain buyers of assets that I'm aware of, which I'm not at liberty to speak about, not our assets, but other assets in the marketplace just need a little more time. And it was really driven by the debt markets, not necessarily by the equity market. So I think pricing is going to depend on the type of asset that you're looking at with luxury still commanding very high prices and upper upscale assets as well commanding high prices. One of the really, really positive factors that I don't think we talk about enough that has happened in the hotel space is very, very low levels of new supply. We're just not seeing levels of new supply, certainly not in the luxury and upper up sales space, which is where our exposure is. And I think that will drive in part pricing for transactions because people are not going to have to worry about a new luxury resort being built right next to them or another upper upscale major city center hotel being built as well. So I think it's just -- it's a little too soon to say at this point in time how this is all going to play out. But I think it's wait and see across the board. The good news is operations are still strong and hotels are cash flowing. And this is a policy -- self-made policy issue that is creating all the uncertainty, and that can change very quickly. That can change on a dime. So let's just sit back and see what happens and run the business the best we can going forward.
Floris van Dijkum: Are you testing any assets in the market right now, Jim?
James Risoleo: We always test assets for us, of course. We would not be prudent if we weren't testing assets. The good news is for Host that we don't have to sell any assets. I mean, given the quality of the portfolio that we have and the balance sheet that we have, we are under no stress, no pressure to do anything. And if we don't get the pricing that we think is appropriate for our assets, we're not going to sell anything. It's really that simple. So we have nothing of any meaningful size out there that we've listed with brokers. We've talked to some people on an off-market basis about buying assets from us. And we're very respectful that it's difficult to navigate waters when you're deploying new capital or they. So again, wait and see, we'll see how it plays out.
Operator: We have time for one more question, and that question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to ask you, you spoke a lot about Maui, which was really helpful, but just in terms of what you're seeing in O'ahu, specifically with The Ritz-Carlton Turtle Bay, how is that, I guess, performing relative to your expectations? And any change in kind of your initial underwriting there given more uncertainty in the market?
James Risoleo: No. I think I think Turtle Bay was up 13% in the quarter, Smedes. RevPAR was up 13% at the hotel level. We have made a decision, a strategic decision. As you know, there are 2 golf courses there. One is the Fazio Course and the other was the Palmer Course. And you may recall from your visit to the island that there's another party that is developing some residential, and they have a -- they have a lease on the Palmer Course and they're going to renovate it and do a bunch of different things to it. So we made a decision that we were going to delay the transfer of the Palmer Course and expedite the renovation of the Fazio Course, which we own today while we had the opportunity, too. So it's about a 6-month delay. The hotel itself is performing very well. We're very happy with what we're seeing in terms of O'ahu performance, just like Maui for our assets. So nothing but positive news there, and we're excited to get the Fazio Course, redesigned and put the money that we anticipated we would have to put into it when we bought it done.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the conference back over to Jim for closing comments.
James Risoleo: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. I look forward to seeing many of you at conferences in the coming months. And have a great summer and great rest of the year. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed. And we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre, and comparable hotel-level results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. 2024 was a busy year for Host. We delivered operational improvements driven by continued rate growth and out of room spending. We acquired $1.5 billion of iconic and irreplaceable real estate across four properties, three of which are in new markets for Host. We continue to reinvest in our portfolio through capital expenditures and resiliency investments. We made progress on the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program and the condo development at the Four Seasons Resort, Orlando, at Walt Disney World Resort. We returned significant capital to stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and we maintained an investment-grade balance sheet and continue to position Host to take advantage of potential opportunities in the future. Turning to our results. We finished 2024 above our most recent guidance estimates. For the full year, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $1.656 million, a 1.7% increase over 2023 and adjusted FFO per share of $1.97, a 2.6% increase year-over-year. Comparable hotel total RevPAR grew 2.1%, while comparable hotel RevPAR grew 90 basis points compared to 2023. Comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 29.2% was down 60 basis points versus 2023, primarily due to increased wages, fixed expense pressures, and performance in Maui following the wildfires in 2023. During the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $373 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.44. Comparable hotel total RevPAR improved 3.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023 and comparable hotel RevPAR was up 3%, driven by strong transient demand, including improving leisure transient demand in Maui and increased ancillary revenues. Comparable hotel EBITDA margin improved by 30 basis points year-over-year to 28.1%, driven by improvements in rate, increases in ancillary spending, the same productivity improvements, and certain one-time items. As a reminder, the operational results discussed today refer to our 78-hotel comparable portfolio in 2024, which excludes the Ritz-Carlton, Naples, Alila Ventana Big Sur and The Don CeSar. In 2025, our 79-hotel comparable portfolio only excludes Alila Ventana Big Sur and The Don CeSar as the Ritz-Carlton, Naples, is comparable in 2025. Turning to business mix, RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter was better than expected, driven by over 3% rate growth. Transient revenue drove the outperformance in the quarter, growing 8%, which is the highest improvement in the last six quarters. Revenue growth was led by leisure in Maui, New York, and Oahu, which all had strong festive seasons. Notably, our three Maui resorts accounted for nearly half of the transient room revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Transient rates at our comparable resorts remained robust at 44% above 2019 levels, even as our Maui resorts strategically offered leisure incentives to drive demand. Excluding Maui, transient rates at our comparable resorts were in line with recent quarters. Business transient revenue grew approximately 6%, driven by strong rate growth as we saw a favorable market mix and a continued shift from government to the corporate negotiated segment. As expected, group room revenue for the quarter was down approximately 5% year-over-year due to tough comparisons in San Francisco and Maui, as Maui benefited from recovery and relief group room nights in 2023. Our property sold 960,000 group room nights in the fourth quarter, bringing our total group room nights sold for 2024 to 4.3 million or 101% of comparable 2023 group room nights. Digging deeper into Maui, the leisure recovery is underway. Total RevPAR at our three Maui resorts was up 6.4% in the fourth quarter as leisure guests total spend exceeded recovery and relief group business last year. Transient rooms sold were up approximately 50% year-over-year at our two Alila resorts and transient rooms sold at the Hyatt Regency Maui and Ka'anapali were up 325%. The leisure guests continues to spend at our F&B outlets, spas, and golf courses, leaving us encouraged by the leisure recovery that is beginning to take shape in Maui. For the full year, we estimate that Maui impacted our comparable hotel total RevPAR by 110 basis points, RevPAR by 160 basis points, and EBITDA margin by 20 basis points, including the business interruption proceeds received during the year. Turning to ancillary spend, we continue to see improvements in food and beverage revenues and out-of-room spending. F&B revenue grew nearly 3% in the quarter, driven by outlets at our resorts. Notably, banquet revenue increased despite a decrease in group room nights, driven by growth in banquet revenue per group room night. Other revenue grew 8% despite an expected moderation of attrition and cancellation revenue. For the full year, F&B revenue grew 3.6%, driven by an increase in banquet contribution and an improvement in group room night volumes. Taken together, we continue to see the strength of the affluent customer across properties in our portfolio. Moving to our reconstruction efforts at The Don CeSar. We have substantially completed our remediation efforts and our focus has shifted to rebuilding compromised infrastructure to increase resilience, including elevating critical equipment and systems as we did at the Ritz-Carlton, Naples. We expect a phased reopening of the property beginning late in the first quarter. We currently estimate our total property damage and remediation costs at The Don CeSar will be between $100 million and $110 million and our total insurance deductible is $20 million. Additionally, we expect to collect business interruption proceeds. We have included approximately $9 million of business interruption proceeds in our 2025 adjusted EBITDAre guidance, which we expect to receive in the first half of the year. But it is still too early to estimate the timing or amounts of additional payments. In total, we estimate that Hurricanes Helene and Milton negatively impacted our adjusted EBITDAre by $15 million in 2024. Turning to capital allocation. In 2024, we completed $1.5 billion of acquisitions across four hotels, including the 1 Hotel Nashville and Embassy Suites by Hilton Nashville Downtown, the 1 Hotel Central Park, and the Ritz-Carlton Oahu, Turtle Bay. Thus far, our new acquisitions are performing in line with our underwriting expectations. In addition to successfully allocating capital through acquisitions, we also returned capital to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. In 2024, we repurchased 6.3 million shares at an average price of $16.99 per share for a total of $107 million. Since 2022, we have repurchased $315 million of stock at an average repurchase price of $16.27 per share. And we have $685 million of remaining capacity under our share repurchase program. In the fourth quarter, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share and announced a special dividend of $0.10 per share, bringing the total dividends declared for the year to $0.90 per share. In total, we returned over $844 million of capital to stockholders in 2024. Turning to portfolio reinvestment. In 2024, we invested nearly $550 million in capital expenditures and resiliency investments. We completed renovations to approximately 2,100 guest rooms, 213,000 square feet of meeting space, and approximately 93,000 square feet of public space. In addition, we completed the repositioning renovation at the Singer Oceanfront Resort as well as made progress on the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program. We also completed vertical construction on the mid-rise condominium building at the Four Seasons Resort, Orlando, at Walt Disney World Resort, marking a significant milestone in the development. Sales efforts for the condos started in November of 2024. And we have deposits and purchase agreements for 14 of the 40 units. In 2025, our capital expenditure guidance range is $580 million to $670 million, which includes between $70 million and $80 million for property damage reconstruction, majority of which we expect to be covered by insurance. Our CapEx guidance also reflects approximately $270 million to $315 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning, and ROI projects. Within the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program, we expect to start renovations at the Hyatt Regency Washington on Capitol Hill, the Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego, and the Hyatt Regency Austin. As a reminder, we expect to benefit from approximately $27 million of operating profit guarantees in 2025 related to the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program, which we expect will offset the majority of the EBITDA disruption at those properties. Other major ROI projects for 2025 include the construction of The Phoenician Canyon Suites Villas expansion and The Don CeSar ballroom expansion which we expect to complete in the fourth quarter of 2025. In addition to our capital expenditure investment, we expect to spend $75 million to $85 million on the condo development at the Four Seasons Resort, Orlando, at Walt Disney World Resort this year. More broadly, we have completed 24 transformational renovations since 2018, which we believe will continue to provide meaningful tailwinds for our portfolio. Of the 16 hotels that have stabilized post-renovation operations to date, the average RevPAR index share gain is over 7.5 points, which is well in excess of our targeted gain of 3 to 5 points. We continue to be recognized as a global leader in corporate responsibility over the course of 2024. Last month, Host was named to Newsweek's list of America's Most Responsible Companies for the sixth year in a row. The annual ranking analyzes data from more than 2,000 of the largest public companies in the United States before selecting the most responsible. The final list for 2024 recognizes the top 600 most responsible companies spanning dozens of industries. Host landed at spot number 88 and is ranked number 4 in the real estate and housing industry. We also continue to make progress on our sustainability goals with four properties achieving LEED certification during the year, bringing the total to 20. Importantly, we achieved a new milestone in our sustainability efforts for renewable energy use and green building certifications, resulting in the maximum pricing benefit under our credit facility, which reduced the interest rate for the outstanding term loans by 5 basis points. Wrapping up, we are proud of our accomplishments in 2024, including the iconic portfolio we have assembled and the investment grade balance sheet we have maintained. We are encouraged by the state of travel as affluent consumers continue to prioritize experience and the supply picture for our markets and chain scales remains below historical levels. We continue to believe that Host is well positioned due to our geographically diversified portfolio, our continued reinvestment in our assets and our fortress balance sheet, and we are confident in the opportunities for continued shareholder value creation in 2025. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our fourth quarter operations, full year 2025 guidance, and our balance sheet. Starting with total revenue trends, total RevPAR growth continued to outpace RevPAR growth as both group and transient guests maintained elevated levels of out-of-room spending. Comparable hotel food and beverage revenue grew approximately 3% in the quarter, driven by 5% growth in resort outlet revenue per occupied room. Approximately half of the resort outlet revenue per occupied room growth came from Maui. It is worth noting that our newly repositioned Singer Resort achieved a 50% increase in outlet revenue per occupied room compared to the pandemic highs, which were achieved in the fourth quarter of 2022. Banquet and catering revenue grew 2% in the fourth quarter as banquet contribution per group room night growth of 7% more than offset fewer group rooms sold year-over-year. Notable group strength at the Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego, Orlando World Center, our Phoenix Resorts, and the Four Seasons Orlando bolstered banquet revenue growth. Other revenues grew 8% despite the expected moderation of attrition and cancellation revenues. Spa revenue was up 18% driven by the newly expanded spa at The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island. Golf revenue was up 6% when adjusting for the operational change at the Ritz-Carlton Oahu, Turtle Bay. To put golf's lasting popularity into perspective, full year 2024 golf revenue was 70% above pre-pandemic levels. Shifting to rooms revenues. Overall transient revenue was up by 8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, driven by improving leisure transient demand in Maui as well as strong rate growth across the portfolio. Looking at holidays in the fourth quarter, Thanksgiving RevPAR grew 8% and festive season RevPAR grew 12%, driven by Maui and the New York Marriott Marquis in both cases. Maui RevPAR for the festive season actualized 42% ahead of last year, which is further evidence of the meaningful leisure recovery that is beginning to take shape. Looking ahead to holidays in 2025, the Easter shift from late March to late April makes spring break comparisons difficult. Using the months of March and April combined as an indication, transient revenue pace is up approximately 4% compared to the same time last year. Business transient revenue grew 6% versus the fourth quarter of 2023, driven primarily by rate growth, which is consistent with the trends we saw for the full year. In 2025, we expect further business transient demand growth driven by large corporate accounts. Group room revenue in the fourth quarter was down 5% year-over-year due to expected tough comparisons, including APAC and San Francisco, and the recovery and relief group rooms in Maui last year. Outside of Maui, hotels in San Diego, New Orleans, San Antonio, and Phoenix had the largest group revenue increases. Corporate groups continued to show strength with revenue up 6%, driven fairly evenly by room nights and rate. Looking ahead to 2025, we have 3.2 million definite group room nights on the books, representing a 16% increase since the third quarter, putting us nearly 3% ahead of where we were this time last year. Total group revenue pace is up 5.6% over the same time last year, driven by widespread rate growth across the portfolio, coupled with demand growth. More specifically, we are seeing growth in San Francisco, San Antonio and New York. Notably, our San Francisco hotels booked over 70% more group rooms for 2025 in the fourth quarter versus the same time last year. We continue to be encouraged by the ongoing strength of group business as evidenced by strong portfolio pace as well as citywide room night pace in key markets such as San Francisco, San Antonio, New Orleans, and Denver. Shifting gears to margins. Full year 2024 comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 29.2% was 60 basis points below 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by wages and benefits, fixed expense pressures as well, as the impacts from Maui. Turning to our outlook for 2025, the midpoint of our guidance contemplates a stable operating environment with a continued improvement in group business, a continued gradual recovery in business transient, and steady leisure demand. We have assumed a gradual improvement at our Maui properties this year and the continuation of the international demand imbalance. At the low end of our guidance, we have assumed a slow recovery in Maui and a deterioration of the international demand imbalance. And at the high end, we have assumed a faster recovery at our Maui resorts and an improvement in the international demand imbalance. For full year 2025, we anticipate comparable hotel RevPAR growth of between 50 basis points and 2.5% over 2024. We expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 210 basis points year-over-year at the low end of our guidance to down 150 basis points at the high end. In terms of RevPAR growth cadence for the year, we anticipate mid-single-digit growth in the first quarter with January comparable hotel RevPAR growth up 9.5%. For the remaining three quarters, we anticipate growth in the low-single digits. As a reminder, the second quarter faces difficult comparisons to 2024 as a result of the Easter holiday shift into April, and we have a lack of visibility into how the international travel imbalance will trend this summer. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate comparable hotel RevPAR growth of 1.5% compared to 2024, and a comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 27.5%, which is 180 basis points below 2024. As we think about bridging our 2024 results to 2025, we estimate a 110 basis point impact to full year comparable hotel EBITDA margin from wage and benefit rate increases, a 40 basis point impact from lower business interruption proceeds and a 30 basis point impact from Maui operations given the one-time benefits in 2024. In 2025, we expect overall wage and benefit expenses to increase over 6%. For context, in 2024, overall wages and benefits grew 5.4% and comprised approximately 57% of our total hotel operating expenses. Our 2025 full year adjusted EBITDAre midpoint is $1.620 million. On a year-over-year basis, this reflects an expected $140 million to $160 million headwind from wages and benefits, The Don CeSar, Maui, lower business interruption proceeds and lower interest income. It includes approximately $9 million of business interruption proceeds related to Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which we expect to receive in the first half of the year. It is important to note that we expect to receive additional business interruption proceeds for The Don CeSar, but it is still too early to estimate the timing and the amounts of any additional payments. Our 2025 full year adjusted EBITDAre midpoint also includes $25 million of estimated EBITDA from the Four Seasons condo development, which we expect to recognize concurrent with condo sale closings in the fourth quarter, and $24 million of restricted stock-based compensation, which we are adding back to adjusted EBITDAre beginning in 2025, consistent with industry practice. Lastly, our midpoint includes an estimated $3 million loss at The Don CeSar and an estimated $12 million contribution from operations at Alila Ventana Big Sur, both of which are excluded from our comparable hotel set in 2025. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 5.2 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.7%. We have a balanced maturity schedule with our next maturity of $500 million coming due in June of this year. We are closely monitoring the debt capital markets. And we believe our balance sheet provides us with ample optionality and flexibility. We ended 2024 at a leverage ratio of 2.7 times. And we have $2.3 billion in total available liquidity, which includes $242 million of FF&E reserves and $1.5 billion of availability on our credit facility. Wrapping up, in January, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share and a special dividend of $0.10, bringing the total dividends declared in 2024 to $0.90 per share. The Board of Directors authorized a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 on our common stock to be paid on April 15, 2025, to stockholders of record on, March 31, 2025. As always, future dividends are subject to approval by the Company's Board of Directors. To conclude, we are pleased with our achievements in 2024, and we believe our diversified portfolio and strong balance sheet leave us uniquely positioned to capitalize on opportunities in the future. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Michael Bellisario at Baird.
Michael Bellisario: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just on your guidance, I know you mentioned Maui and cross-border travel were kind of the high-low sensitivities. But I guess, what else have you assumed at the high-end, low-end just from a macro backdrop perspective and then maybe what have you derisked and where might we see upside materialize as the year progresses?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. From a macro perspective, we have effectively worked on the best knowledge we have as of today in terms of GDP growth and non-residential fixed investment. Obviously, that can change throughout the year, but it's just based on information - best information available as of today. In terms of where there could be upside, group is certainly strong. Our group pace is very strong for the year. Group rate is at 4% year-over-year. We already have 3.2 million group room nights, which is 2.7% better than last year from a pace standpoint. And our total group revenue pace was 5.6% versus last year. So we do expect that there could be further strengthening of group. Right now the way it's pacing, our first quarter and the fourth quarter group pace are extremely strong. There certainly is room in the second and third quarter in the year, for the year bookings. And I would say, tied to the group pace, there is certainly potential in terms of driving more banquet and catering business. That's, I think, where the upside is on the group side. On the business transient side, depending on business sentiment remaining strong for the remainder of the year, there certainly could be tailwinds that we see from the large corporations really traveling again, an increase in BT volume.
Operator: We'll go next to Smedes Rose at Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thank you. I wanted to maybe ask you a little bit more about Maui. If you take out the business interruption insurance for '24, it looks like you came in around $95 million. Could you just maybe kind of level set what you think the ranges at the high end the low end could be for $95 million and maybe other factors that might have positively impacted '24 that perhaps won't be repeated in '25?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. I think that's a great question because there are a lot of moving pieces with respect to Maui. And I think, Sourav has a bridge that we're prepared to talk through right now.
Sourav Ghosh: So going through the bridge, Smedes, you're right, it's about $97 million of EBITDA that we achieved in 2024 net of BI. That is a sorting point. I would deduct about $17 million for non-recurring relief and recovery rooms that we saw in 2024. I'll also deduct about $8 million for one-time attrition and cancellation revenues that we received. So that brings your restated 2024 Maui EBITDA to $72 million. So that effectively excludes your one-time items. Now from that $72 million, you should deduct about $7 million for about a 7% increase in wage and benefits that we are seeing in 2025 versus 2024. And then I would add about $15 million to $30 million estimate of improvement in operations. So that's where we're seeing actually improvement in operations. That would get you effectively to $80 million to $95 million for 2025. If you do the math, that's sort of the low to high.
Smedes Rose: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Woronka at Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Jim, I guess if we look back to '24, obviously, leisure and Maui were kind of what caused you to be off versus initial. But if we think about group and BT a year ago and how they actualized, I mean, is it fair to say both of those were better and you're starting from a fairly conservative point on those? And so just thinking about which parts of the business get better in '25 and leisure, Maui especially getting better is really not something you're contemplating in guidance, but just kind of how '24 shook out versus initial on the group and BT?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Chris, BT is continuing a slow, steady climb. We saw a 6% increase in BT revenues last year. We anticipate that there could be some tailwind. On the business transient side of the business, we have the big consulting companies and tech companies are getting back on the road. And I think that's very positive. And it's obviously not something that you can forecast with any degree of certainty, given the short term nature of it, but businesses are back traveling, businesses are back in the office at in many instances. So we feel good about how BT performed in '24 and are optimistic with respect to how BT will perform in '25. The same on the group side of the business. And the piece of group that continues to perform exceptionally well is out of room spend. Banquet and catering revenues continue to climb to new highs. It's a testament to the affluent consumer who is booking the group business, particularly for incentive groups that they're not holding back on F&B offerings, AD offerings and the like and spend actually at the spa and at golf courses. So we feel good about how group is set up this year. We're ahead of where we were at the same time last year. And we have some room in a couple of quarters as Sourav said to really pick up some additional rooms up in the year for the year or in the quarter for the quarter. So all in all, I think we feel good about BT and group. And, the Maui situation, we feel obviously it's a little too soon to really drill down on how it's going to perform this year, but I will tell you, we had an incredible festive season at our Maui resorts. And as you know, Chris, from your visit to the island, our properties are in terrific shape. And we're optimistic going forward that we're going to continue to see business come back to Maui. It's going to take a little bit of time for incentive group to come back only because there's a six plus month booking window to get that type of business on the books. And as you know, Maui just, quote, recently reopened for business in the last quarter or so, and we're starting to see meeting planners visit the island and come away very optimistically.
Chris Woronka: Yes, very good. Thanks, Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Katz at Jefferies.
David Katz: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to a release a while back regarding selling some non-core assets. And I think we've had a little more debate around how fertile the asset trading market is going to be right now. How should we think about that? I know there isn't a specific timing on it, but just a commitment to do so and whatever updated thoughts. Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Well, David, the release was a rumor that one of the online services published. I think that article indicated that we had hired an adviser to assist us in the sale of a portfolio of hotels. In fact, we did not hire an advisor. And we always test the market with different groups of assets to see what sort of pricing might be available to us. Let me level set and say that we're very, very comfortable with the portfolio that we have today. It's in great physical condition. We continue to invest in our assets. We're continuing to pick up significant share gains on the '24 transformational renovations that we completed or almost 8 points ahead in yield index relative to underwriting of 3 to 5 points. So Host is in a unique position where if we have an opportunity to sell something that we feel is good value for our shareholders, we will, but we're certainly under no compulsion to do so. And that's how we will continue to approach the markets. With respect to the transaction market generally, there is - it hasn't opened up as much as I think a lot of us thought that it would. I think we're still seeing a bit of a damper given where the 10-year treasury is trading right now and there is still a fairly wide bid ask spread between sellers and buyers, particularly with respect to sellers who don't have to sell. So that is actually good for us, given our balance sheet and the liquidity that we have, if we were to see an opportunity in the marketplace that made sense for us, we certainly could transact.
Operator: We'll move next to Duane Pfennigwerth at Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And sorry missed Hawaii. It was in the middle of our other earnings season. But so look, 4Q surprised positively.
Jim Risoleo: We can speak to it again, Duane. That's all right. You want to know
Duane Pfennigwerth: Great, let's talk about that offline. I might take you up on that. So look, 4Q surprised positively. 1Q is surprising positively from a top-line perspective, at least relative to our estimates. And it looks like your guidance assumes meaningful decel that you don't actually see. So maybe you could just comment on that. Do you actually see this decel or you don't see it yet, it might not happen, it might happen? And then if RevPAR growth does play out better, can you just help us think about how we should think about flow through to the bottom line, how have you positioned your portfolio for flow through to the bottom line if the top line actually does play out better?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. I'll take the first part of the question, and I'll let address flow through. It's early in the year from a guidance perspective. And I think we really want to sit back and see how Maui recovers and also see if there is a shift either way in the international outbound-inbound demand imbalance. So our midpoint assumes the Maui bridge that Sourav laid out of $15 million to $30 million improvement in operations over last year-after you wash out the one-time events. And our assumptions regarding international inbound at the midpoint, assume that it remains static as where it is today, which is basically 125% of international outbound flights over 94% of international inbound. And actually, that statistic actually weakened a bit from the last quarter. We were at 120% in the last quarter. So we're still seeing the affluent American consumers wanting to travel to Europe and elsewhere. So we felt that it was prudent to just be thoughtful about those two drivers of our forecast. And as we see the year evolve, we will address it accordingly. So I don't want to beat a dead horse on our comfort level with how group is set-up and how BT is set-up. But you'll note that I don't talk - we don't talk about those when it comes to the drivers of our range of RevPAR guidance and total RevPAR guidance for the year.
Sourav Ghosh: And to that, I will also add, in January, we achieved a RevPAR of 9.5%. Remember, we do have a meaningful presence in DC. And inauguration really helped January and DC was up 77%. So when you actually take DC out, January was up 6%. So obviously a meaningful delta. And then as I spoke to earlier, our pace was set up really well, group pace was very much Q1 loaded. And also think about sort of the Easter shift that's taking place, so Q1 will perform better. And Q2 is going to be challenged with the - with Easter being in late April in addition to all the things that Jim mentioned. From a flow-through standpoint, the way to think about it is, at the midpoint of our guidance at 1.5% of RevPAR growth, our total expense - hotel expense growth is 4.3%. And that accounts for the BI delta between the two years. So the $31 million delta between 2024 and '25 because remember, we had about $40 million of business interruption proceeds in '24, and we, in our current guidance, have $9 million for 2025. So that's obviously getting impacted because that shows up as a contra expense in our income statement. So if you adjust for BI, then the total hotel expense growth is only 3.7% despite the wage and benefit growth that we talked about being just over 6% for the portfolio. So in other words, if you do the math, if you're including the BI piece, if we get to a 4.3% RevPAR growth, then you would effectively break even on the margin front. And if you want to exclude the BI, then all you need is 3.7% of RevPAR growth to break even. Hopefully that helps.
Operator: We'll move next to Chris Darling at Green Street.
Chris Darling: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Jim, how are you thinking about labor availability today given some of the rhetoric coming out of the current administration? And then maybe more broadly, can you speak to some of the tools that your operators have available to mitigate labor related challenges going forward from here?
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Chris. I think we're positioned very well on the labor front, given that we have two of the best-in-class managers running most of our hotels in Marriott and Hyatt. And we have not heard of any concerns across the portfolio with respect to availability of labor. Both Marriott and Hyatt are companies where people want to go to work if they want a career in hospitality. And we always want to make certain that we have the best and the most capable people at each of our properties. And we've worked closely with our managers over the years to make certain that that is the case. So no concern on the labor front. With respect to productivity enhancements, I'll let Sourav talk a little bit about how we view productivity. But one of the really interesting things that is starting to evolve, and I think it can be exciting going forward is the use of artificial intelligence to assist customers at the hotels to book out-of-room spend, whether it's outlet revenue, whether it's spa, whether it's golf, whether it's experiences off property, and that just further leverages the labor force that we have in place. So I think there are a lot of good things to come. We continue to talk about our total RevPAR. Total RevPAR is very important to the host portfolio. We have about 40% of our revenues this year that are going to be non-rooms revenues. And while we don't necessarily make the same margin on non-rooms revenues, $1 of EBITDA is $1of EBITDA. So we will push hard to continue to make that happen.
Sourav Ghosh: On the productivity side, I would just say that, obviously, the major managers have really strong tools. Marriott, for example, uses Atlas. And our focus really is making sure that they are utilizing best-in-class labor standards as they figure out scheduling and tying that appropriately with the forecast that we have for the property. And that's how we can drive productivity. And I would say they use multitude of tools to also attract and retain talent, which has never really been a challenge, as Jim said, for our major managers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robin Farley at UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Just to clarify the $25 million in condo sales proceeds. Are you including in guidance just the condos for which you have deposits, or in other words, could there be upside to that? And also, I apologize if you said this already, we have so many companies reporting today. Did you say what you're expecting the corporate negotiated rate increase to be for '25? Thanks.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. On the condo sales, Robin, we are assuming more right now than the 14 deposits that we have already received. And that's an assumption that we're making as we go through the year. We expect to close on - or I should say, get deposits on more condos, but it is, right now, the guidance includes more than the 14 condos that we have received deposits on. The other thing I will say is, I would not expect any EBITDA from the condo until the fourth quarter of this year. Just keep that in mind because we actually have to hand over the keys to the owners before we can recognize the revenue from the sales. And then our next question in terms of sort of negotiated rates, I'm sure you heard sort of Marriott's call effectively close to the mid-single digit number.
Operator: We'll go next to Aryeh Klein at BMO Capital Markets.
Aryeh Klein: You previously noted that group will take longer to recover in Maui. Just curious what your expectations are around that for 2025 and if you're starting to see that pick up for 2026? And then maybe just from a bridging standpoint, as it relates to Maui, do some of the wage headwinds that you're seeing impact that $175 million or so number? Or does that come down a little bit?
Sourav Ghosh: Sorry, say the last part of your question again, Ari, which number came?
Aryeh Klein: Just in terms of the ultimate recovery number getting back to where it was, I think it was around $175 million. So you had around $80 million gap to make up. Does that come down a little bit as we think about the potential opportunity given higher wage costs?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. No, over time, I think there is still potential to get back to the $172 million for sure. It was right before the fires, Maui was doing extremely well. And given what we have invested in the assets in Maui, we certainly feel there is potential to grab more share. And we are pretty confident we can still get back to the $172 million that we had spoken about in earlier calls. It's just a matter of sort of when we get to that point. And then in terms of - sorry, you did ask about Maui's group. And I did want to mention quickly, we are definitely seeing group picking up for Maui. It is encouraging to see not only in the year for the year group pickup, but also '26 and beyond. And certainly seeing more activity than earlier. As a matter of fact, we picked up a meaningful amount of group room nights in the fourth quarter for 2025 and encouraging signs in January as well.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Jay Kornreich at Wedbush Securities.
Jay Kornreich: Hi, thank you. Just curious about how you're thinking about deploying capital at this point. In 2024, you put a significant amount in acquisitions, buying back stock, internal ROI projects, so just curious about how you're thinking about capital deployment in 2025.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Jay. I would say, think about it from an opportunistic perspective. And the fact that we are sitting here with an investment grade balance sheet at 2.7 times leverage gives us a lot of flexibility to deploy capital across a number of different areas, including buying back stock, including additional acquisitions is something presented that made sense to us, and continuing to invest in our portfolio. And we have seen very, very good results from both the Marriott Transformational Capital Program and the other eight assets that we repositioned with transformational renovations. And we're focused this year on the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program. We're excited about that. We have a number of projects that we're going to start in '25, including the Manchester Grand Hyatt, the Hyatt Regency in Austin, and the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill, the Grand Hyatt in Washington, D.C., will be completing this year. So as we think about deploying capital into our assets, there are other properties that we think could pick up meaningful market share if we were to reposition them. So we continue to have conversations with our brand partners along those lines. And we think that's a good place to put some money to work.
Operator: We'll move next to Floris van Dijkum at Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: Good morning, guys. Just a quick question. Could you remind us, you ended the year at, I think your full year occupancy was 67.5% for your domestic portfolio. What was it for - at the peak for a year? And could you distinguish between resorts and urban hotels in particular, what the deltas are potentially to get back to peak occupancy?
Sourav Ghosh: I can tell you what it is in terms of the portfolio. We'll have to get back to you specifically on the delta for resorts versus urban. There is still an 8 point occupancy gap to peak for us right now. And expectation for this year in terms of occupancy is pretty similar to 2024.
Operator: And we'll go next to Smedes Rose at Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow up maybe on capital deployment. And obviously, forecasts are going to go down for '25 based on your updated guidance versus what's out there on consensus. But even lowering those forecasts, I mean, it looks at least to us that - I mean, the stock is trading at like, I don't know, 10 times, 10.5 times EBITDA. Cap rate is pretty high relative to certainly what we see in the private market for those transactions that are available to be seen. What is the argument for not having a more sort of holistic approach to buying back your own stock here? And you've talked about being opportunistic, but I mean, it's very difficult to predict your own share price. So why not just sort of assign a certain amount of capital on a quarterly basis to bring down your share count here and be buying at what would look like fairly compelling valuations?
Jim Risoleo: Well, Smedes, I agree with you that the stock is underpriced and it's a good value. And as we look at our capital allocation opportunities across the board, stock buybacks will certainly be one of them. But in terms of - if you're suggesting some sort of programmatic plan to buy back stock, that's not something we're in favor of doing. I mean, we have to keep one eye on operations and what's happening at our properties, one eye on the balance sheet as well. So the investment grade balance sheet is sacrosanct to us. But at the time that we can buy back shares, we've proved to you and to the Street that we will buy back shares. The fourth quarter, we would have bought back stock given where it traded. But unfortunately, we went into blackout. And we're in blackout today as a good example because we havent filed our 10-K. So there are moments in time where you will see us buy back stock and there are other points in time where, for whatever reason, we won't be able to.
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Jim Risoleo for closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Well, thank you for joining us today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results and our 2025 outlook with you. And I'm sure I'll see many of you at conferences in the coming weeks and months. Have a good day.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jamie Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jamie Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jamie, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. Before we turn to the quarter, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the devastating effects of Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which made landfall in late September and early October. We were deeply saddened to see the loss of life and damage the hurricanes brought. And while many of our hotels were impacted, we are very fortunate that the employees at our properties remained safe throughout the storms. In response to the urgent needs of those impacted, we partnered with the American Red Cross, World Central Kitchen, Team Rubicon, Community Foundation Tampa Bay and Feeding Tampa Bay to deliver vital disaster relief support. Due to evacuation mandates and the loss of commercial power from Hurricanes Helene in Milton, 4 of our properties were temporarily closed, 3 of which reopened within 10 days. The most significant damage occurred at The Don CeSar, which remains closed to guests. We are still evaluating the remediation and disruption impacts of the storms, and we currently expect a phased reopening of The Don CeSar beginning towards the end of the first quarter of 2025. Please note that The Don CeSar is still included in our comparable hotel results in the third quarter, but it has been removed from our comparable hotel set in our full year guidance. It is worth noting that our resilience investments at the Ritz-Carlton, Naples paid off during both hurricanes. As a reminder, during the remediation following Hurricane Ian, we opportunistically enhanced the resiliency of the property by elevating critical equipment, improving dry flood-proofing measures and accelerating future building envelope waterproofing replacements. As a result of these investments, we saw minimal water intrusion inside the resort despite a storm surge comparable to that of Hurricane Ian, and we reopened the resort 7 days after commercial power was restored. Following the success of these enhanced resiliency measures, we will continue to prioritize these types of investments across our portfolio over the near term. For additional details on our resiliency investments, please see our 2024 Corporate Responsibility Report, which details our CR program and strategy, our ESG initiatives and our industry-leading accomplishments. It can be found on the Corporate Responsibility section of our website at hosthotels.com. Turning to our results in the third quarter. We delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $324 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.36. As a reminder, in the third quarter of last year, our adjusted EBITDAre benefited from $54 million of business interruption insurance proceeds, which led to a 10% decrease in our adjusted EBITDAre this quarter. Excluding the business interruption proceeds, our adjusted EBITDAre would have been up over 5% and adjusted FFO per share would have been up 9%. We delivered a year-over-year comparable hotel total RevPAR improvement of 3.1%, underscoring the continued strength of out-of-room revenue, while comparable hotel RevPAR was up 80 basis points. As a reminder, the operational results discussed today refer to our comparable hotel portfolio for the third quarter, which excludes the Ritz-Carlton, Naples and Alila Ventana Big Sur. Our third quarter comparable hotel RevPAR came in slightly better than we expected despite weather impacts from the hurricanes in Florida during the last week of the quarter. While Maui is recovering, the year-over-year decline in RevPAR for Maui had an actual drag of 170 basis points in the third quarter. As we have discussed over the past few quarters, this understates the true impact of the wildfires as we would have expected Maui to contribute 20 basis points to portfolio RevPAR growth in the third quarter given the transformational renovation at Fairmont Kea Lani in 2023 and the expected lift for 2024. As a result, the total estimated impact of the wildfires on third quarter RevPAR is approximately 190 basis points. Following the anniversary of the tragic wildfires, we supported our managers, local tourism authorities and government officials in promoting the return of visitors to Maui. Our three hotels launched the Ho'okipa marketing campaign. Ho'okipa means the spirit of hospitality in Hawaiian. The marketing efforts included social media and TV ads, digital displays and e-mail campaign and videos from each of our resorts that aired in Southern California during the month of September. Additionally, the Governor of Hawaii, the Mayor of Maui and the Head of the Hawaii Lodging and Tourist Association met with longtime supporters of Hawaii, the Los Angeles Rams and key travel partners across the greater Los Angeles market to communicate the importance of tourism for Maui's economic recovery. The Rams have supported Hawaii over the years, and part of the governor's trip was aimed at formalizing the relationship between the two going forward. Thus far, the sales and marketing efforts are paying off. Thanksgiving and festive revenue pace for our 3 Maui resorts is up over 35% and over 65%, respectively, compared to the same time last year. We are encouraged that Maui is beginning to show improvements on its road to recovery. Moving on to business mix. Group room night revenue was up 1% in the third quarter driven by rate as group room nights were flat due to the recovery in group rooms in Maui that were booked in the third quarter of 2023. Our property booked 212,000 group room nights in the year for the year, bringing our definite group room nights on the books for 2024 to 4.2 million rooms with total group revenue pace of approximately 5% compared to the same time last year. Business transient revenue grew 5% in the third quarter as strong rate growth was driven by market and customer mix shifts. Turning to leisure. The unfavorable international demand in balance held steady in the third quarter. Transient room nights sold at our comparable resorts were up 4% in the third quarter, driven by Maui. In addition, leisure rates remained resilient during the third quarter. Transient rates at our comparable resorts were up approximately 50% compared to 2019, which is in line with recent quarters, continuing to underscore the financial health of the affluent consumer. Out of room spending trends this quarter also continued to demonstrate the strength of group and affluent consumers. Comparable hotel total RevPAR grew over 3% in the third quarter, which represents the largest spread to RevPAR growth in 6 quarters. As a reminder, in 2023, nearly 40% of our total revenue came from food and beverage and other revenue, and our 2024 guidance assumes a similar proportion. We continue to believe that total RevPAR represents a more holistic picture of our underlying business as our portfolio continues to benefit from substantial out-of-room spend. Turning to capital allocation. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares of stock at an average price of $16.33 per share through our common share repurchase program, bringing our total repurchases for the quarter to $57 million. Since 2022, we have repurchased $315 million of stock at an average repurchase price of $16.27 per share, and we have $685 million of remaining capacity under our share repurchase program. Looking back on our transaction activity this year, we acquired $1.5 billion of iconic and irreplaceable real estate and a blended 13.6 times EBITDA multiple, based on estimated 2024 results. Thus far, the 1 Hotel Nashville and the Embassy Suites by Hilton Nashville Downtown, the 1 Hotel Central Park and The Ritz-Carlton O'ahu, Turtle Bay are performing in line with our underwriting expectations. The brand and management transition at The Ritz-Carlton O'ahu, Turtle Bay is going well. And we expect continued growth as awareness of the rebranded resort spreads. Turning to portfolio reinvestment, our updated 2024 capital expenditure guidance range is $485 billion to $580 billion, which includes approximately $225 million to $255 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects, $225 million to $275 million for renewal and replacement projects and $35 million to $15 million for property damage reconstruction. Included in the ROI projects is the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program, which is on track and slightly under budget so far. We received $2 million of operating guarantees in the third quarter, to offset business disruptions related to the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program, and we expect to receive an additional $3 million this year, bringing the total operating guarantees to $9 million in 2024. In addition to the capital expenditure range, this year, we expect to spend $50 million to $60 million on the 40-unit residential condo development at our Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort. The development is well underway and marketing efforts began in July. We anticipate the formal sales launch to begin later this month, with closings to begin in the fourth quarter of 2025. More broadly, we have completed 24 transformational renovations since 2018, which we believe provide meaningful tailwinds for our portfolio. Of the 15 hotels that have stabilized post renovation operations to-date, the average RevPAR index share gain is over seven points, which is well in excess of our targeted gain of three to five points. Wrapping up, we continue to believe that Host is well positioned, due to our investment-grade balance sheet, our geographically diversified portfolio and our continued reinvestment in our assets. As we have shown, we were able to access many capital allocation levers to create shareholder value, and we will remain opportunistic going forward. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav, to discuss additional operational detail and our revised 2024 outlook.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our third quarter operations, updated 2024 guidance and our balance sheet. Starting with total revenue trends, total RevPAR growth continues to meaningfully outpace RevPAR growth as both group and transient guests maintain elevated levels of out-of-room spending. Comparable hotel food and beverage revenue grew 6% in the third quarter, driven by banquet and catering. In fact, banquet and catering revenue achieved the strongest third quarter in Host's history, with contribution per group room night up 13% year-over-year. Transient guests showed continued willingness to spend as well with spa revenues up 5% and resort outage revenue per occupied room of 3%. Overall, transient room revenue was up slightly compared to the third quarter of 2023, driven by the recovery in Maui as well as strong rate and occupancy growth in San Diego, New Orleans and Houston. From a Visa perspective, we are encouraged that Maui is beginning to show improvement. While RevPAR in Maui was down 19% in the third quarter, total RevPAR was down only 10% as out-of-room spending trends returned with the traditional group and leisure guests coming back to the island. Looking at holiday progression, Maui is expected to shift from lagging to leading our portfolio. In the third quarter, Maui represented a drag to portfolio results for both the July 4th and Labor Day weekends. Looking forward, and as Jim alluded to earlier, Maui is driving holiday performance in the fourth quarter. Transient revenue pace for the total portfolio is up 2% for Thanksgiving week compared to the same time last year, and festive period is up 20%. Business transient revenue was 5% above the third quarter of 2023 driven by rate trend. Overall, business transient demand was down 2% driven by fewer government room nights. Encouragingly, demand from consulting firms increased this quarter, narrowing its gap to pre-pandemic levels. Turning to group. Revenue grew 1% in the third quarter driven by rate growth and strong pickup in New Orleans, New York and Boston. As a reminder, group business faced tough comparisons this quarter due to the recovery in the leased rooms booked in Maui last year. We estimate that Maui negatively impacted third quarter group revenue growth by 570 basis points. For full year 2024, we have approximately 4.2 million definite group room nights on the books, keeping us ahead of same time last year. Group rate on the books is up 3% and total group revenue pace is up 5% over the same time last year, bolstered by banquet and catering spend. Looking ahead, our 2025 total group revenue pace is nearly 5% ahead of the same time last year, driven by both rate and room night. We continue to be encouraged by the citywide booking pace in San Francisco, San Antonio, Seattle, Nashville and New Orleans, all of which have citywide group room night pace up meaningfully compared to the same time last year. It is also worth noting that San Francisco citywide room nights are pacing up 40%. Shifting gears to margins. Third quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 25.3% was 130 basis points below last year. The decline was driven by increases in wages and benefits. Additionally, we estimate a 110 basis point impact from Maui and the Hurricane Ian business interruption proceeds we received for [ph] comparable hotels last year. Turning to our revised outlook for 2024. Despite the impact of Hurricanes Helene and Milton, we maintained our previous full year comparable hotel guidance growth midpoint. As a result, we anticipate comparable hotel total RevPAR growth of approximately 1% and comparable hotel RevPAR to be approximately flat compared to 2023. Our guidance assumes the continued recovery in Maui and steady demand trends in the fourth quarter. We estimate the Maui wildfires will impact full year comparable hotel total RevPAR by 180 basis points and RevPAR by 220 basis points. Excluding business interruption proceeds received earlier this year, we expect full year adjusted EBITDAre to be impacted by approximately $75 million relative to our prefire estimate. We expect a comparable hotel EBITDA margin of approximately 29%, which is 90 basis points below 2023. We estimate a 30 basis point impact to full year comparable hotel EBITDA margin from Maui relative to our pre-fire estimate, a 40 basis point impact from insurance and property taxes and a 110 basis point impact from wages and benefit rate increases, which is partially offset by a 90 basis point benefit from operational improvements. Our revised 2024 full year adjusted EBITDAre guidance is expected to be $1.630 billion, a $15 million or approximately 1% decrease over the prior midpoint as a result of the hurricanes in Florida. Of the $15 million, we estimate that $2 million occurred in the third quarter and $13 million will occur in the fourth quarter. Our adjusted EBITDAre estimate includes approximately $57 million from operations at The Ritz-Carlton, Naples, a decline of $5 million compared to our prior guidance and $24 million from operations at The Don CeSar, a decline of $9 million compared to our prior guidance. In addition, it includes $11 million from operations at Alila Ventana Big Sur. As a reminder, The Ritz-Carlton, Naples, Alila Ventana Big Sur and The Don CeSar are excluded from our comparable hotel guidance for full year 2024. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position in the third quarter. We completed the issuance of $700 million of Series L senior notes at 5.5%. The proceeds were used in part to repay the outstanding revolver portion of our credit facility. Our weighted average maturity -- is 5.5 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.8%. Our quarter end leverage ratio was 2.7 times, and we currently have $2.3 billion in total available liquidity, which includes $240 million of FF&E reserves and $1.5 billion of availability on our credit facility. In October, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share, demonstrating our commitment to returning capital to stockholders. As always, future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors. To conclude, we are pleased with the performance of our portfolio, and we are encouraged by steady business mix trends heading into 2025. We will continue to opportunistically allocate capital as we seek to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio and increase shareholder value. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] One moment please for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I guess I'd like to touch base on the transaction market. You obviously were active this year with acquisitions. I'm curious how you're thinking about how the market might be evolving now and whether you'd be more likely to be a buyer or a seller at this point, if you're seeing any change in terms of who's actually an active participant either from people putting up assets for sale or people coming to you looking for assets for sale? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Stephen. You know, I would say that until the last 90 days or so, really both buyers and sellers have been on the sidelines. The bid-ask spread has just been too great and everyone was in a wait-and-see mode, wait-and-see mode for a couple of different reasons. I think the fact that we're past the election now will clear one hurdle for a lot of people. They'll be able to wrap their arms around, what the economic policies of the new administration are likely to look like over the near-term and the debt capital markets have become much more conducive to transacting. Rates have come down, spreads have come in. SASB financing is available. And I think that as we get into next year, you're likely to see private equity get back into the game and come off the bench. There have been some additional transactions out there that we have evaluated. Nothing has risen -- has beat the bar for us. And we're absolutely delighted that we were able to complete the three deals, four hotels and three transactions that we did earlier this year. Our balance sheet is a differentiator and it will continue to be a differentiator for us. I think that we would have more competition today, if those assets were brought to the market. Clearly, there would be because they're all attractive properties, they're all unique and they're all in great locations and one-of-a-kind assets. So that said, relationships and reputation matter and will always, I think, continue to differentiate Host as we go forward. So our ability to move quickly with no need for financing is always a differentiator for us. I expect that over the course of the -- not the balance of this year so much but next year probably, I know you hold me to this if it doesn't come true, but I'm willing to go out on a limb and say that at Atlas, we're likely to hear about additional transactions coming to market because I do think that people have waited a long time. And the good news is that the pressure to sell wasn't there, and that's because fundamentally, the business is very sound and resilient. Yes, we have our little bumps in the road along the way, but it's not like folks are rushing to exit at any price. So I think we'll see an active transaction market next year. And from Host's perspective, we're likely to test the market ourselves with some of our non-core assets to really understand pricing, assets that likely will need heavy CapEx investments that we just don't see -- good hotels but not a long-term fit for the portfolio, given the direction that we have moved in over the last seven or eight years in terms of the types of assets we own and really with our focus being on free cash flow generation as a differentiator going forward. So we're likely to test the market. We'll see what pricing comes back at. If pricing is attractive, we'll sell. If it's not, we'll pull back and invest in the assets ourselves. We'll be hopeful to be able to be a continued net acquirer going forward. I mean, we sit here at 2.7 times leverage today. We have a lot of dry powder. And it will either be -- well, it will always be continuing to invest in our portfolio. Sourav, I think, mentioned in his comments that we've seen a 7-point yield index gain on average from the investments we've made. We bought back $57 million of stock last quarter and we bought $1.5 billion of assets this year. So we'll look forward to continuing to grow the portfolio. And we prefer to do it on a one-off basis and not be in a competitive situation. But if we have to be in a competitive situation, we will. And we'll just see what happens.
Stephen Grambling: Great. And maybe one unrelated follow-up for Sourav. I know we've talked about this on prior calls, and maybe I missed this in your remarks. But I guess, are we still thinking about the underlying EBITDA? There's a lot of moving parts with the different acquisitions. There's The Don CeSar issues and insurance proceeds. Is the underlying EBITDA to build off of still kind of that $1.75 billion? And I guess within that, does that have to include what level of recovery in Maui? And how would you generally think about Maui kind of building back? Thanks.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. Yes, Stephen. It's still $1.750 billion, and I'll build it from the $1.630 billion so you have all the different moving pieces. So starting off with the midpoint of our current guidance of $1.630 billion, you would take out $40 million of BI for this year. So $19 million of it, Ian. That was $10 million in Q1, $9 million and Q2 and then $21 million BI that we received for the Maui wildfires. So that's the $40 million that you would deduct. Then you would add about $49 million or so for Turtle Bay and 1 Hotel Central Park, add another $13 million for Nashville. And then the $75 million to $80 million, Maui, which Ill get into a little bit more in terms of how we are thinking about recovery. Then you would add $5 million for Alila Ventana. And then the $15 million we talked about in terms of hurricane impact, you would add to that to get to a grand total of $1.750 billion. That's what we really consider to be the true run rate when you think about adjusted EBITDAre. As it relates to Maui, as Jim and I sort of got into our prepared remarks, we're certainly encouraged by the transient trends and the pickup we are seeing specifically for Thanksgiving as well as for effectively around the week of Christmas and New Years. The piece that is going to be a little bit challenging and will take a little bit longer to recover is going to be the group piece. Because if you recall, beginning of this year, there certainly wasn't a clear method on Maui in terms of being open for business. Once we lapped over the one-year anniversary of the fire, there's certainly much more clear direction in terms of the island being open for tourism and welcoming guests back. The meeting planners didn't really have much of a chance in the beginning of the year to really book forward. So we didn't see much group booking activity into 2025 and into the future. We expect to see that really pick up beginning next year. So the group piece of the business, and group for Maui across our hotels on a room night basis works out to be about 30% or so. And from a revenue perspective, it's around 20% of revenues as a group, but it does build a meaningful base for the hotels, particularly with the Hyatt. That's going to take a little bit while to come back. So that $75 million to $80 million, I mean, we don't have any budgets yet so I can't really give you a number. But what I would say is that the trends are encouraging from a transient pickup perspective and group is going to come back certainly. It will just take a little more time, probably towards the end of next year into 2026.
Stephen Grambling: Helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Bellisario with Baird. Your line is open.
Q  Michael Bellisario: Thanks. Good morning. Just sort of along the same lines on the moving pieces and all your numbers in the models. Can you maybe just take a step back? What's the clean run rate for the portfolio, both top and bottom line, that you think everything is performing at today ex all the one-timers? And then how might that be different or the same as you start thinking about looking out to 2025? Thanks.
Sourav Ghosh: Just so, I'm sure I understand the question. The clean run rate, once you do all the puts and takes, including the acquisition, taking out the BI is the $1.750 billion I just walked through. A big component of the $1.750 billion is obviously the $75 million to $80 million of Maui EBITDA that we are missing. The question really is, for 2025, how much of that EBITDA comes back? For 2025, without getting into more details because we don't obviously don't have budgets right now. I don't really have a good sense in terms of where top line and expenses will come in. But what we do know is the group booking pace is looking strong for 2025. We already have 2.8 million group room nights on the books. We picked up about $400,000. Total group revenue is up effectively 5% and rate -- group rate is up about 3.5%. But we're feeling pretty good about 2025 from a group perspective in terms of what visibility we have. Specific to Maui, like I said, I think group is going to take a little bit of time to get back. And unclear at this point in time how much of that $75 million to $80 million we'll really be able to see in Maui.
Q  Michael Bellisario: Got it. Sorry, I should have been clear. I was sort of referring to the current top line and bottom line growth rates, right? Like are you seeing -- do you think the underlying performance of the portfolio is 3% on the top line, 4% expenses, all the -- ex all the onetime items? Not really thinking about the absolute numbers, more about the growth rates ex all the onetime items.
Sourav Ghosh: For -- you're saying for 2024 or into 2025?
Q  Michael Bellisario: Just today. Just I think as everyone thinks about is this a 2% RevPAR growth environment? Is 3%, 4% expenses? What's kind of your view on where the portfolio is performing today and looking out of the 2025 ex all these onetime items, just thinking about it in terms of growth rates.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. If you think in terms of growth rates, I mean, this year would have, just on a RevPAR perspective, given how much drag we're seeing from Maui, we would have been closer to a 3% RevPAR growth rates. And in that case, we would have actually seen margin expansion because our total expenses was up 2.8%. So net-net, for this year, we would have meaningfully outperformed relative to the industry just given the benefit we saw from all the capital investments we put in into our hotels on the Transformation Capital Program. And as Jim spoke here, the index share gains that we saw, so it's sort of unfortunate that we've had a drag in terms of the Maui wildfire. Otherwise, certainly a 3% growth rate in RevPAR just for this year, and we would have actually seen about a 10, 15 basis points margin expansion.
Q  Michael Bellisario: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is open.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Thank you. I just -- sorry, I wanted to just clarify something on Maui. Could you just talk about what you're expecting there this year in terms of EBITDA, I guess, excluding the business interruption proceeds? So, I just get a sense of like what the gap is, the $75 million to $80 million you're talking about potentially for next year?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. It's $97 million excluding -- $97 million, excluding the BI proceeds.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess one thing you mentioned next year for the group outlook, the group calendars look good across -- the convention calendars look good. Any thoughts around sort of grouping up, I guess, into 2025 to help sort of lock in demands now and revenues? Or would you expect to keep more in line with where you've been historically in terms of the percent of overall group segmentation?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, I mean, honestly, it is really an asset-by-asset exercise that we go through. And we know for which years what the optimal group room night is and so that we can maximize yielding of the transient rate. So, it really depends. But overall, I would say the mix is not going to shift meaningfully for the portfolio. We certainly focus on grouping up on -- across the board wherever it does make sense. And wherever we do have holes, we also like fill in with contract business. So you'll see a shift in contract business over the years. So the yield management is really asset-by-asset. The encouraging thing is there's few city-wides that are certainly pacing very well for next year. And specifically for the Host market, I would say, San Francisco being up 40% from this standpoint. New York, San Antonio, Orlando, DC, it really makes up more than 40% right now of the group room night that we already have on the books for 2025. So, overall, I feel really good. And as we see the need for each of these assets and where the holes are, we're going to fill accordingly. I certainly hope that the strength in corporate group continues and the banquet and catering contribution that comes along with it to really drive total EBITDA.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is from David Katz with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I'd love some initial commentary around the labor market. I think there's a lot of potential puts and takes and opportunities that may or may not occur given the election outcomes. I know it's early and you've gone out on a limb elsewhere so I'm not asking that. But any perspectives or thoughts you can share with respect to that and whether it's plus would be great.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, David. Generally speaking, we are very pleased with the labor picture at our assets. We're not the manager. We're not the employer. But we have two of the very best in the business in Marriott and Hyatt in particular that manage the bulk of our portfolio. And they're an employer of choice. They are the opportunity that people search out if they want to make hospitality a career. So, we're very encouraged going forward. We -- coming out of the pandemic, we got back to optimal staffing levels fairly quickly after we redefined and reinvented the operating model. So, going -- looking forward, we're nothing, but optimistic on the labor front. I don't see any issues that are going to present a problem for us as we get into 2025 and beyond.
David Katz: Thank you. And if I may, I just wanted to follow-up on kind of leisure transient and maybe get one layer further down. Are -- is some of the softness that we're discussing more a decision to go or no go? Or would you classify it more as a pushback on the level of rates and rate growth that were out there? How would we unpack that?
Jim Risoleo: Well, I think there are a couple of different components to the leisure picture. Go, no go, I'm not sure that, that is -- that's really the bottom line, David. And I say that because if you look at international outbound air capacity versus inbound, we have seen that 120% number has held steady now for the last several quarters. So people are still traveling. They're spending money. They're just not spending it at our properties, generally speaking. We're not seeing any pushback on ADR, in our leisure transient ADR in our portfolio. We finished the third quarter with leisure transient ADRs up 50% over the third quarter of 2019. And that has held for 10 quarters in a row now. So people are still spending money. When they get to our properties, they're spending money out of the room as well. We continue to see records on a quarterly basis in terms of -- for occupied room spend at our outlets, we've seen spa revenues continue to increase, golf revenues continued to increase. So clearly, the affluent consumer is still spending money. We believe that over time, that the pendulum will swing back and we'll see a more normalized balance of international inbound versus international outbound. I think international inbound has held somewhere around 90% of 2019 levels, maybe even a little less than that. A lot of that could have to do with the strong dollar. We keep our eye on a lot of different things as we're assessing the health of the leisure consumer.
David Katz: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Darling of Green Street. Your line is open.
Chris Darling: Thanks. Good morning. Going back to the Orlando condo development, can you walk through underwritten sales proceeds relative to your development budget there? And then, are there any similar densification opportunities that you might pursue in the near term in other places within the portfolio?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. Are you talking about in terms of what assumptions we've made with respect to top line sales?
Chris Darling: Yes. That would be helpful, all relative to your overall kind of construction budget there.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. So I think the construction budget was what, $150 million to $170 million. And that really hasn't changed. We started in mid-July the construction of the project, and we anticipate starting sales in -- later in this quarter, mid-November -- mid to the end of November. We're targeting completion of the mid-rise, that's 31 out of the 40 condos, I think in the fourth quarter 2025. And then there are nine villas that will be completed in the first half of 2026. So it's 40 units in total. And our anticipated returns are going to be in the mid to high-teens cash on cash. So we will not provide our assumptions with respect to sales per square foot, but we underwrote it to a mid to high-teens cash-on-cash return, and the construction budget is proceeding on time and within budget. So we're fairly confident that we're going to hit those numbers.
Chris Darling: Okay. That's fair enough. And I guess to the second half of my question, any similar opportunities that you might pursue in the near term elsewhere in the portfolio?
Jim Risoleo: Well, one of the really attractive attributes of The Ritz-Carlton, O'ahu, Turtle Bay, was a 49-acre parcel of entitled land for residential development that's immediately adjacent to the resort, a significant portion of which is oceanfront property. And you just don't find that type of opportunity in Hawaii, and it's one of the things that really drove us to complete the acquisition of Turtle Bay. We are still in the planning stages and we have not taken into consideration any EBITDA upside for the resort. But we believe there is going to be, over time, meaningful EBITDA upside at The Ritz itself, as well as a development profit. And that is whether or not we sell the land or we joint venture the development of those 49 units -- of those 49 acres, which probably going to be somewhere plus or minus 250 units. And it's likely going to be risk residential units, at least 50% of which will participate in the rental pool because that's just how things -- as a matter of law, that's how things happen in Hawaii. So it's an exciting project. It's a fairly large project. That's why we're considering joint venturing it or selling the property outright. But suffice it to say that we would expect to make a profit on the sale or development of the land and see meaningful upside to the resort, both from units being in the rental pool and a share of revenues with the owner, as well as ancillary spend at the restaurants, golf and spa. That's the most exciting project we have. We are looking at potential development, which I can't get into any details at this point in time with you, potential residential development at another one of our resort properties. But that's in the very early stages. And as it manifests itself, we'll certainly share more details with you down the road.
Chris Darling: Okay. Appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ari Klein with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Ari Klein: Thanks and good morning. Maybe just going back to Maui. It looks like you slightly narrowed the expected RevPAR headwind for the year in that market. I'm just curious if that was based on what you're seeing in Q4. And then, Sourav, you mentioned group taking longer to recover in Maui. Can you just provide us where group and transient currently stands from a delta perspective relative to pre-wildfire?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, sure. So yes, if you recall, last quarter we had said that the total Maui impact was about 250 basis points drag to the overall RevPAR. We have revised that to 220 basis points. So in other words, it's actually improved by 30 bps. And yes, you are correct. It really is based on what we are seeing in terms of transient pace for Thanksgiving and for the festive period. So we feel encouraged in terms of where things are heading from a changing perspective. I will say like where we are off if overall is about, call it, 20% or so in terms of sort of room nights, the piece that is going to take longer to come back, like I mentioned earlier, is going to be more the group side versus the transient. And for Maui, if I remember correctly for our key hotels prefire, we did about 100,000 group room nights. And while we're pacing okay for 2025, we are still pretty behind double digits in terms of group pace. And that's the piece which we are you keeping a close eye on. And hopefully at the beginning of next year, we will start seeing group activities pick up. The transient pace is actually pretty similar to where we were prefire at least for the fourth quarter, which is very encouraging relative to sort of where we go back in -- before the fires occurred. So group is a piece we're keeping an eye on. And hopefully, we see the group activity pick up as we get into next year.
Ari Klein: Got it. Thanks for that. And then, Jim, I'm wondering if maybe you can provide us with a little bit more color on The Ritz-Carlton O'ahu performance and how that's trended post conversion.
Jim Risoleo: It's trending in line with our pro forma expectations, Ari. The transition is going well at the present time. It's at the top of the list when anyone is searching for Ritz Carlton. It's a very important asset to Ritz-Carlton brand. It's getting all the attention that is certainly warranted going forward. So we're excited about it. I mean we're working with Art developers who bought an adjacent parcel from Blackstone on a realignment of the golf courses. There are two golf courses there. They're going to lease and manage the other one on our behalf. So everything is going according to plan. The asset was in terrific shape when we bought it. So no near-term CapEx needs. And we're seeing good pace over festive season and beyond into next year.
Ari Klein: Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Chris Woronka: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Jim, I wanted to kind of ask, year-to-date, I think you're running about 72% comparable occupancy. And if I look back to 2019, I think it was over 79%. And I'm curious, and I know there's nuances in the portfolio is a little different, but do you guys see any impact from whether you want to call it shadow supply, Airbnb or conversely, maybe some of these soft brands or even kind of these new affiliation brands that technically aren't part of your major brands. Just any thought as to whether -- because it seems like group and corporate occupancy is and certainly leisure is pretty much as far back as it's going to get. So is there any thought on kind of where those lost occupancy points are coming from?
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. Chris, the short answer is it's not as a result of shadow supply. And it's not as a result of new supply because the new supply picture has never looked better relative to what's being developed today as to other times in the cycle. I think what has happened, and we have about -- I think we think it's 8 to 9 points of occupancy that we can still pick up. And we actually view that as a tailwind to the portfolio, not as a negative bias. Return to office is still slow to evolve in several markets, but it's coming back. And I think that is probably one of the biggest dynamic things that changed coming out of the pandemic. The good news is that Salesforce in San Francisco, they're going back to work. Amazon is going back to work. So a number of other big corporates are putting -- or mandating that their employees get back to the office. And we believe that over time, as business transient travel continues to evolve and it has been evolving on a quarter-over-quarter basis, that we should pick up some of that occupancy gap relative to where we were in 2019.
Chris Woronka: Okay. Appreciate your thoughts. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Can you give a little more clarity around leisure rates in the quarter on a year-over-year basis? And then kind of your expectation for 2025 in terms of what the leisure traveler kind of outside of Maui, but just sort of broadly, leisure rate may look like next year and also what it was in Q3 year-over-year?
Sourav Ghosh: On a year-over-year basis, Robin, it's relatively flat in a lot of the market to slightly down because you may recall that there were certain quarters last year where it was meaningfully above the 50% to 2019. It seems to have pretty much normalized around the approximate 50% over 2019. So for the most part, pretty flat. From a demand perspective, that's been the case as well. Again, pretty much flat throughout the year, every single quarter that we look at. Actually, I believe it was down 3% year-over-year from a demand perspective in Q1. But then actually, that demand improved as we went through. So again, close to flat, but not very far from flat in both respects of a year-over-year standpoint. Going into 2025, just given the consumer strength we have seen and given that there is hopefully more clarity around sort of macro -- the overall macroeconomic outlook, we believe that there is -- that the leisure, that have formed a new baseline. So effectively, that's where we have settled down. And given the growth expectations for next year from a GDP standpoint, from a business investment standpoint and just overall macro outlook, and as Jim mentioned earlier, we expect that imbalance that currently does exist with international inbound-outbound to at some point sort of revert to mean, that should definitely help leisure overall stabilize. And we don't expect any degradation in terms of rate or demand.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just a quick clarification. When you were talking about the $1.75 billion run rate, were you including -- and I know that was like excluding business interruption from Maui. Were you including the theoretical like if you recovered $75 million to $80 million in Maui in that $1.75 billion? I'm sorry, I just didn't catch. You were sort of giving a lot of puts and takes. And what -- in that $1.75 billion, that includes what kind of recovery in Maui?
Sourav Ghosh : Yes, that did assume the $75 million to $80 million. That was effectively the long-term run rate. So it wasn't necessarily for 2025.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. That's why I wanted to clarify. In other words, based on your other comments, it would seem like you're saying that's not where you'd be in 2025. So just -- that's what I want to clarify. Thank you. Thanks.
Sourav Ghosh: That's correct, yes.
Operator: Thanks. The next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, good morning. Just on San Francisco, if I heard you correctly, any times of year or specific citywide events that stick out? I think you said room night pacing is up 40%. And I wonder if there's any more underlying detail you have on that?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. That's effectively for overall citywide pacing year over year, specifically in terms of group room nights for us. We already, for San Francisco, have approximately 220,000 group room nights on the books, which is about close to 30%, up year-over-year from a pace perspective. It's still obviously far from where we were back in 2019, but nonetheless good progress. And we're really encouraged by the way it's pacing for 2025. And if you recall, 2026 is World Cup and Super Bowl in San Francisco. So again, good things to come for San Fran.
Duane Pfennigwerth : Okay. Great. And then just -- you touched on this in prior questions, but on capital allocation. If we think about ROI projects, additional acquisitions or buyback, I guess, given your experience this year, are you leaning in any more of a direction in any of those three buckets going forward just given your experience this year?
Jim Risoleo : Duane, I think that it goes without saying that the easiest opportunities to underwrite with the greatest degree of certainty are those that are in our existing portfolio. So we are well into the Hyatt Transformational Capital Program, and we look forward to continuing to invest in those assets and complete that program in the near term next year. ROI projects, we're always looking for places to continue to put money in our existing portfolio as well. Stock buybacks, 3.5 million shares, $57 million this last quarter. We will continue to be opportunistic on buying back stock. And acquisitions, of course, if they make sense for us. And we're sitting here at 2.7 times leverage today. We can take our leverage up to somewhere to three times, 3.25 times comfortably. So we have a lot of -- significant amount of dry powder to allocate capital across all those various opportunities.
Duane Pfennigwerth : Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will turn the call to Jim for closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo : Well, thank you again for joining us today. We always appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, and we look forward to seeing many of you in Las Vegas in the coming weeks and at other conferences over the course of the year. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jamie Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jamie, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. In the second quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $476 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.57, which includes business interruption proceeds of $21 million for the Maui RevPAR and $9 million for Hurricane Ian. Adjusted EBITDAre grew 6.7% over the second quarter of last year and was up slightly, excluding business interruption proceeds. We delivered a year-over-year comparable hotel total RevPAR improvement of 50 basis points, underscoring the continued strength of out-of-room revenue while comparable hotel RevPAR was up 10 basis points. As a reminder, our second quarter operational results discussed today refer to our comparable hotel portfolio which excludes The Ritz-Carlton Naples and Alila Ventana Big Sur. Turning to quarterly results. Second quarter comparable hotel RevPAR faced headwinds from a slower-than-anticipated recovery in Maui and a continued shift in leisure demand to international destinations without a corresponding increase in international inbound demand. The year-over-year decline in Maui RevPAR had an actual drag of 250 basis points on our second quarter portfolio RevPAR. As discussed last quarter, this understates the true impact of the wildfires as we would have expected Maui to contribute 90 basis points to portfolio RevPAR growth in the second quarter given the renovation disruption at Fairmont Kea Lani in 2023 and the expected lift for 2024. As a result, the total estimated impact of the wildfires on second quarter RevPAR is 340 basis points. The lodging recovery in Maui has been slower than anticipated due to several factors. First, recovery and relief room demand has diminished without a commensurate level of leisure demand to offset the decline. Second, as a result of softer demand, airline capacity is still impacted. In July, total airline seats to the island were down 16% year-over-year. However, this has improved from down 19% in June and down 26% last September. And lastly, there remains a perception from would be visitors that Maui is not ready to welcome guests back to the island. Our properties are collaborating with local tourism authorities and government officials to create a clear, well-supported marketing campaign that will launch this fall after the anniversary of the tragic fires. These state and local efforts are in addition to sales and marketing efforts by our managers. We are hopeful that this will be a turning point in the recovery trajectory, and consumers will once again feel comfortable returning to Maui. Turning to business mix. Group room revenue was up approximately 8% in the second quarter, driven by rate growth alongside demand growth. Our properties booked 315,000 group room nights in the year for the year, bringing our definite group room nights on the books for 2024 to 4 million rooms with total group revenue pace up 6% compared to the same time last year. Business transient revenue grew 4%, driven fairly evenly by demand and rate growth. Domestic leisure demand moderated as consumers opted for international destinations in Europe, Asia and the Caribbean. Despite the volume decline, transient rates at our comparable resorts were up 51% compared to 2019, including our 3 Maui Resorts, underscoring the financial health of the affluent consumer. We believe the international travel imbalance remains a key driver of lower leisure demand at our properties. In fact, U.S. international outbound travel has grown from 110% of pre-pandemic levels in the second quarter of last year to 119% in the second quarter of this year. At the same time, U.S. international inbound travel remains below pre-pandemic levels at 88% as a strong dollar, weaker global economic growth and Visa delays continued to present headwinds to the inbound recovery. Encouragingly, guests at our properties continue to spend during their stay. Food and beverage revenue drove total RevPAR growth in the second quarter, led by Banquet and Catering as well as improvement in outlet revenue on a per occupied room basis. Other revenue was down slightly due to the expected moderation of attrition and cancellation fees, but spa and golf revenues continued growing outside of Maui. As we highlighted last quarter, nearly 40% of our total revenue in 2023 came from food and beverage and other revenue and our 2024 guidance assumes a similar proportion. We continue to believe that total RevPAR presents a more holistic picture of our underlying business as our portfolio has shifted towards more complex, higher-end properties which benefit from substantial out-of-room spend. Turning to capital allocation. Yesterday, we announced the acquisition of fee simple interest in the 234 room 1 Hotel Central Park for approximately $265 million in cash. The acquisition price represents an 11.1x EBITDA multiple or a cap rate of approximately 8.1% on 2024 estimated results. The property is expected to rank among our top 10 assets based on estimated full year 2024 results with an expected RevPAR of $545, TRevPAR of $735 and EBITDA per key of over $100,000, further improving the quality of our portfolio. The LEED certified luxury property opened in 2015. It has 25 suites and a recently added 5 key penthouse that offers large terraces and unparalleled views of Central Park as well as the presidential suite. The lobby level features Jams, a 3-meal restaurant and bar affiliated with James Beard Award winner, Jonathan Waxman. The second floor offers 2,000 square feet of contiguous and flexible meeting space as well as a naturally lit fitness center and a business center. The 1 Hotel Central Park will further diversify our presence in New York City, which is one of the top RevPAR markets in the country. It will also provide host with the exposure to the luxury guest in Upper Manhattan, the top RevPAR submarket in the city. We also completed the previously announced acquisition of the 450-room Ritz Carlton O'ahu Turtle Bay yesterday. The resort is located on the North Shore of O'ahu, Hawaii and includes a 49-acre land parcel entitled for development. The $630 million resort acquisition price is net of key money, and represents a 16.3x EBITDA multiple or a cap rate of approximately 5.3% on 2024 estimated results. Based on preliminary 2025 underwriting and the conversion to Ritz-Carlton, the acquisition price represents an approximately 13.5x EBITDA multiple or a cap rate of approximately 6.7%. We expect this resort to stabilize between approximately 10x to 12x EBITDA in the 2027 to 2029 time frame. Due to the timing of the acquisitions, the 1 Hotel Central Park and The Ritz-Carlton, O'ahu, Turtle Bay are not yet included in our comparable hotel guidance metrics. They will be included starting in the third quarter. These 2 acquisitions are expected to generate $22 million of adjusted EBITDA for our ownership period, which is included in our adjusted EBITDAre and FFO guidance for 2024. Looking back on our transaction activity in 2024, we have acquired $1.5 billion of iconic and irreplaceable real estate at a blended 13.6x EBITDA multiple based on estimated 2024 results, which represents over $100 million of estimated full year EBITDA that we expect to grow as the assets stabilize. In May of 2023, we laid out a path to $2 billion of EBITDA at our Investor Day. With these acquisitions, we are halfway toward our target of $3 billion of acquisitions at a lower blended EBITDA multiple than we assumed at that time. Since 2018, we have acquired $4.9 billion of assets at a 13.6x EBITDA multiple and disposed of $5 billion of assets at a 17x EBITDA multiple, including $976 million of estimated foregone capital expenditures. This accretive capital recycling allows us to grow our 2023 adjusted EBITDAre by 6% above 2019 levels. Adjusted EBITDAre per key by 18% and NAREIT FFO per share by 13% and is what we believe will allow our portfolio to outperform over the long term. After adjusting for post-quarter transactions, we have $1.4 billion of total available liquidity and net leverage of 2.7x. During the quarter, we also repurchased 2.8 million shares of stock at an average price of $17.81 per share through our common share repurchase program, bringing our total repurchases for the quarter to $50 million. Since 2022, we have repurchased $258 million of stock at an average repurchase price of $16.26 per share. Turning to portfolio reinvestment. Our 2024 capital expenditure guidance range is $500 million to $600 million, which reflects approximately $220 million to $260 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects. Included in the ROI projects is the Hyatt transformational capital program, which is on track and slightly under budget thus far. We received $2 million of operating guarantees in the second quarter to offset business disruptions related to the Hyatt transformational capital program, and we expect to benefit from an additional $5 million this year, bringing the total operating guarantees to $9 million in 2024. In addition to the capital expenditure range, this year, we expect to spend $50 million to $60 million on the 40-unit residential condo development at our Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort. The development is well underway and marketing efforts began in July. We anticipate the formal sales launch to begin in the fourth quarter. More broadly, we have completed 24 transformational renovations since 2018, which we believe provide meaningful tailwinds for our portfolio. Of the 14 hotels that have stabilized post renovation operations to date, the average RevPAR index share gain is 7 points, which is well in excess of our targeted gain of 3 to 5 points. Earlier this week, we released our 2024 corporate responsibility report, which details our CR program and strategy, our ESG initiatives and our industry-leading accomplishments. Additionally, the report provides an update on our performance and progress towards our 2030 environmental and social targets, which are mapped to our aspirational vision of becoming net positive by 2050. The CR report can be found on the Corporate Responsibility section of our website at hosthotels.com. Wrapping up, we believe Host is well positioned to continue to outperform. We remain optimistic about the state of travel today despite the softer than expected recovery in Maui and moderating domestic leisure transient demand. While we would certainly prefer to see more leisure demand in the U.S. versus abroad, it is encouraging to see consumers continue to prioritize spending on travel and experiences. The pendulum will eventually swing back to domestic destinations. And when it does, we believe Host is well positioned to benefit due to our geographically diversified, iconic and irreplaceable portfolio as well as the recent reinvestments we have made and continue to make in our properties. Host is uniquely positioned. And as we have demonstrated, we are able to access many capital allocation levers to create shareholder value. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav to discuss additional operational detail and our revised 2024 outlook.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our second quarter operations, updated 2024 guidance and our balance sheet. Starting with business mix. Overall transient revenue was down 5% compared to the second quarter of 2023, driven by softer-than-anticipated demand in Maui. We estimate that Maui had a 410 basis point impact to transient revenue in the quarter. Transient rates at our resorts remained resilient at 51% above the second quarter of 2019. Additionally, food and beverage outlet revenue per occupied room grew at both resorts and non-resorts. Outside of Maui, golf and spa revenues continued to grow due in part to our recent ROI investments in our spa and fitness facilities. We believe the rate strength at our resorts and continued growth of out-of-room spending indicates consumers' ongoing willingness to spend on travel and experiences. Looking at recent holidays, excluding Maui, Memorial Day weekend and July 4 outperformed our expectations due to strong last-minute transient bookings in the weeks leading up to the holiday weekends. Looking forward and excluding Maui, Labor Day transient revenue pace is up 9% compared to the third quarter of last year driven by occupancy. Business transient revenue was 4% above the second quarter of 2023, driven fairly evenly by increases in room nights and rate as business transient demand continued its slow and steady recovery. Demand growth was market-specific with certain hotels in Chicago and San Francisco, showing double-digit year-over-year growth in business transient demand. Encouragingly, Boston and New York both exceeded 2019 levels of business transient demand in the second quarter. Turning to Group. Revenue grew 8% in the second quarter, driven by 5% rate growth. Approximately half of the growth came from San Diego, Phoenix and Nashville with the balance coming from our other top markets. For full year 2024, we have approximately 4 million definite group room nights on the books, representing a 9% increase since the first quarter, keeping us ahead of same time last year. Group rate on the book is up 4% and total group revenue pace is up 6% over the same time last year, driven by a particularly strong third quarter and the continued focus on growing banquet and catering contribution. We remain encouraged by the ongoing strength of group business as evidenced by strong revenue pace, banquet and catering growth and double-digit citywide room night pace in key markets such as Nashville, New Orleans, San Antonio, San Diego, Seattle and Washington, D.C. Shifting gears to margins. Second quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 32.6% was 10 basis points below last year, driven by increases in wages, benefits and fixed expenses as well as impacts from Maui. We received $21 million of business interruption proceeds from the Maui wildfires, which provided a 135 basis point benefit to the comparable portfolio. Excluding the business interruption proceeds, operations in Maui had a 60 basis point impact to EBITDA margin. Despite these headwinds, our controllable expenses, which include laundry, linens and guest supplies were flat versus the second quarter of 2023 due to net operational improvements across our portfolio. Turning to our revised outlook for 2024. The midpoint of our guidance contemplates a slower-than-anticipated recovery from the wildfires in Maui and moderating domestic leisure transient demand, primarily driven by the international demand imbalance. At the low end, we have assumed slower group pickup and softer leisure transient demand. And at the high end, we have assumed a faster recovery at our Maui resorts and increased transient pickup. For full year 2024, we anticipate comparable hotel RevPAR growth of between negative 1% and positive 1% over 2023. We expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 110 basis points year-over-year at the low end of our guidance to down 60 basis points at the high end. At the midpoint of our guidance range, we anticipate comparable hotel total RevPAR growth of 1.2% and flat comparable hotel RevPAR compared to 2023. Looking at the drivers of the RevPAR midpoint decline, approximately 90% of the reduction is related to transient business as group remains strong in the second half of the year, particularly in the third quarter. We estimate the Maui wildfires will impact full year comparable hotel total RevPAR by 120 basis points and RevPAR by 180 basis points. Excluding business interruption proceeds, we expect adjusted EBITDAre to be impacted by $75 million to $80 million relative to our prefire estimate. In terms of RevPAR growth cadence, we expect comparable hotel RevPAR growth to be slightly positive in the second half of the year, driven by low single-digit growth in the fourth quarter. We expect a comparable hotel EBITDA margin midpoint of 29.3%, which is 90 basis points below 2023. We estimate a 30 basis point impact to full year EBITDA margin from Maui relative to our prefire estimate, a 40 basis point impact from insurance and property taxes and a 110 basis point impact from wage and benefit rate increases, which is partially offset by a 90 basis point benefit from operational improvements. Our revised 2024 full year adjusted EBITDAre midpoint is $1.645 billion, a $25 million or a 1.5% decrease over the prior midpoint. This includes an estimated $62 million contribution from operations at the Ritz-Carlton Naples and $11 million from operations at Alila Ventana Big Sur, an increase of $5 million compared to our prior guidance. As a reminder, The Ritz-Carlton Naples and Alila Ventana Big Sur are excluded from our comparable hotel set for the full year 2024 forecast. Our adjusted EBITDA and FFO guidance also includes an estimated $22 million contribution from the 1 Hotel Central Park and The Ritz-Carlton O'ahu Turtle Bay for our ownership period. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 4.7 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.9% after adjusting for investing and financing activities completed subsequent to quarter end. As Jim noted, we currently have $1.4 billion in total available liquidity, which includes $242 million of FF&E reserves. Our quarter end leverage ratio adjusted for post-quarter transactions was 2.7x, and we have $970 million of availability on our credit facility. In July, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share, demonstrating our commitment to returning capital to stockholders. As always, future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors. We will continue to be strategic and opportunistic in managing our balance sheet and liquidity position as we move through the remainder of 2024. To conclude, we remain optimistic about the future of travel as the headwinds facing our portfolio are not indicative of a weakening consumer. As Maui recovers and the international leisure demand imbalance finds equilibrium, our renovated portfolio of geographically diverse properties is well positioned to benefit. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to 1 question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. One moment, please, while we poll for questions. And the first question today is coming from David Katz from Jefferies.
David Katz: I appreciate it. Jim, congrats on all of the acquisitions to everybody. Can you just talk about the possibility, the prospects, probability, boundaries around any further acquisitions that we might see this year or even early next from what you can tell today?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, David, I think that -- let me start by saying that we are very, very happy with the 3 acquisitions that we made this year. Real estate is not a short-term business. And we look to acquire assets that are going to grow EBITDA over time. These are one-of-a-kind properties in each instance. And we're fortunate enough to have the balance sheet and the relationships to be able to transact when an asset like Turtle Bay comes to market. We referenced in a recent press release that we just sent out, I think it was yesterday, that Ritz Turtle Bay, O'ahu is now part of The Ritz-Carlton system. It went live yesterday when we closed on the hotel. It's a unique property for a lot of reasons. But one of the things that I think is worthy of pointing out is that there was a $0.5 million per key invested in that asset. And Ritz-Carlton took the hotel without a tip. So we believe there's going to be a lot of upside over and above the metrics that we quoted, which were based on 2025 pro forma, a 13.5x EBITDA multiple and a 6.7% cap rate. We think that, that property has a lot of run room. We haven't taken into consideration in our underwriting, any incremental EBITDA generated from the residences that are currently being developed by another developer on the site as well as our 49-acre parcel of land. So it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to acquire that hotel and we're in a unique position to do it. The same with Central Park that we just announced yesterday as well. A little bit of background on Central Park and a little bit of background on why luxury. Why is Host focused on luxury assets? This is something that we started exploring back in 2017, quite frankly. And if you look at luxury, RevPAR CAGR. These are assets that had a RevPAR of greater than $500. They have meaningfully outperformed upper upscale in other segments in the lodging space, over extended periods of time. From the period of time 2019 to '23, luxury CAGR was 4.7% versus upper upscale 1.3%. So we expect that we're going to continue to be able to drive this type of performance from the acquisitions we made, which will lead to elevated EBITDA growth and elevated free cash flow, which will allow us to continue to take those proceeds and invest in our portfolio or pivot to other capital allocation decisions and opportunities that might be out there. Now to get back to your question, I don't think that we are contemplating doing additional acquisitions this year or even early next year. You never know of that 1 opportunity that might come over the door, where there is a great asset with a great opportunity to buy it because of some distressed situation. But, we certainly are more focused today on integrating these 3 great properties that we acquired into the Host system, into our asset management and enterprise analytics platform. And we will continue to invest in our portfolio generally because we are very happy with the results that we've achieved from the 24 total transformational innovations that we've completed to date, where the 14 properties that have stabilized operations have picked up 7 points in yield index well above our underwriting and we think that positions us great going forward. And we'll also consider buying back additional stock. We still have $742 million on our stock repurchase program. In the second quarter, we bought $50 million worth of stock at $17.81 per share. Looking back to 2020, throughout the pandemic to today, we purchased $400 million at $16.35 per share. So we're certainly not shy about getting into the market and acquiring our own stock, particularly given where we're seeing the share price trading today.
David Katz: Understood. Thanks for the answer. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Okay. We will move on to Chris Darling from Green Street.
Chris Darling: Jim, maybe following up on that last question actually. I mean, you mentioned acquisitions are unlikely in the near term and pivoting instead to deploying capital through whether ROI projects or as share repurchases. With that in mind, I wonder what role incremental dispositions might play in pursuit of that strategy and whether you're thinking about testing the market in any regard.
Jim Risoleo: Chris, thanks for the question. Yes, we have explored disposition pricing recently and made a decision that really, given that we are under no pressure whatsoever to dispose off assets, and we will only do so if we believe that the pricing is fair relative to our hold value, the market dynamic just isnt there today. The cost of debt is still prohibitive from a valuation perspective. Weve been in a unique position to be able to transact, given our balance sheet and there really arent any other players out there that are in that position. So well keep an eye on the market as we always do. And if we think there are opportunities to continue to enhance the overall growth profile of the portfolio, by disposing of assets, thats certainly something we will consider going forward.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: So Jim, you now have 3 of the 1 Hotels in the portfolio. I know there's a few more out there. So the question is kind of what's your longer-term vision for those hotels? Obviously, you've done very well in Miami in a pretty short period of time. I know they're managed, I know the entity that manages them. But is there a longer-term play there in terms of some other co-branding or something else you might do to kind of enhance the longer-term value of those?
Jim Risoleo: Well, we are really happy being an owner of 1 Hotels, Barry Sternlicht, Starwood Capital, weve always got Barry as an innovator. I mean, he started with the W brand. And I think 1 is really an extension of W. Our performance in Miami has been really quite incredible. We bought that at, I think, roughly a 13x multiple in 2018. And in 2023, we were around 10x, 10x, 10.5x, something like that. In 2022, we actually got down to sub 8x. So we like the performance of the brand. We like  we like where hes heading with it, where SH Hotels is heading around the globe and elsewhere for distribution. But its not anything that weve had conversations about co-branding or anything of that nature. So we just said  we think they do a great job, and we have a great relationship with them, and we hope that we can continue to expand that relationship going forward.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dori Kesten from Wells Fargo.
Dori Kesten: As you are putting together guidance this quarter, what were the aspects of the guide that you were more uniformly agreeing upon internally versus which required a more vigorous discussion. We're just trying to get a sense of how derisked the second half of the year is at this point.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, I think what gave us sort of the confidence in our guide, as we went about it is really the group booking pace remains strong for the second half. We actually picked up 241,000 rooms in Q2 for the second half, and about 143,000 or so was for Q3. So that's 68%. So Q3 pace is actually high single digits. So we're very confident about group in the third quarter. We did derisk the fourth quarter from a group perspective, just around election weeks. So typically, in any given election year, the week of elections is always a softer group pace, and you can see that. But this year, we are seeing softness following the election week as well in terms of pace. So we adjusted for that. The bigger 2 pieces that we spoke in our prepared remarks is really the softer recovery that we are seeing in Maui. So that's in our second half as well as what we did was we saw these short term -- a lot of lack of short-term leisure pickup in Q2, and that effectively we have extrapolated into the second half as well. So that's -- those are the items that we took into consideration when looking at guidance.
Dori Kesten: Just a quick clarification, Sourav. So Q3 group pace is up high single digits. So what transient, like on the books now for Q3, what is transient and down?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Transient, we look at a room night perspective and transient pace it really is in terms of pickup happens around a 30-day window. So we have derisked effectively the decline that we saw in Q2 proportionately in Q3.
Dori Kesten: Okay.
Operator: The next question will be from Michael Bellisario from Baird.
Michael Bellisario: To focus on Maui a little bit. Can you maybe help us understand the guests that are coming to your properties? Are they different customers than a year ago, pre-pandemic? Are they coming through different channels? Also what are the brands doing to help stimulate demand? And then just lastly, can you give us some examples of the planned marketing initiatives that you mentioned?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Mike, there are new channels that we pursued. Different wholesalers, Costco -- Costco Travel as an example to bring customers back to Maui. I mean what happened is the wildfires were just an incredible tragic event. And as we saw the residents finding permanent or semi-permanent housing, we are very encouraged that, that's happening. But what that meant for our hotel on the west side was that we went from well over 200 rooms that were being rented by the Red Cross and FEMA in the first quarter to 13 rooms that were being rented in Q2. And we didn't see a corresponding pickup in visitation. And I think there are several reasons why that occurred and why that is the current situation on the island today. Were coming up on the first anniversary of the wildfires, which is a very important date for a lot of reasons in Hawaiian culture and otherwise. But going forward, mid to the latter part of September, the Governor of Hawaii and the Mayor Maui are planning on a marketing campaign in the Los Angeles area, basically rolling out the fact that Maui is now open for business. 80% of the Maui economy is dependent on tourism. So we are supportive and appreciative of what has to be done first before you can bring customers back to the island. And we think good progress is being made along those lines. Additionally, we are working with other hotel owners on Maui and Hotel Association to put in place a coordinated marketing campaign to sell the island, and were taking steps individually at our 3 assets, the Hyatt Regency, the Andaz as well as the Fairmont Kea Lani to start marketing those assets, again, mid-September on going forward. One of the other challenges that were going to have to overcome is airlift into Maui. I believe that in the quarter, we were down about 16% over the same time frame in 2019, and thats down another 6% over where we were last year. So, its a bit of a chicken and an egg situation. We certainly want the airlines, and were going to be encouraging the airlines to put more capacity into their Maui routes, but weve got to bring the customers back as well. The really good news for our assets. Generally, we had completed a transformational renovation of the Hyatt Regency during COVID, we accelerated that renovation and the property is fresh and ready to go. And more recently, we completed a transformational renovation at the Fairmont Kea Lani, which is on Mauis Wailea as well as did a substantial renovation at the Andaz. So, Andaz Wailea as well. So our properties are ready, open for business, and were working with the local authorities and the other hotel owners to sell Maui beginning in mid to late September.
Operator: The next question will be from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Jim, I want to go back to an earlier question or maybe for Sourav, actually, I want to go back to an earlier question on just the underwriting for leisure transient in the back half. Sourav, if I caught it correctly, I think you said basically, the trends you saw in leisure transient for Q2, you're extrapolating that trend as sort of your baseline for 3Q, did I catch that correctly? And then, secondarily, just can you remind us of the weights of Q3 and Q4 as it relates to some of the seasonality here, particularly how dependent is Host in the portfolio now on decent leisure in Q4? So did you derisk that, did you underwrite that the same? And should there be anything we need to worry about as we get pretty late in the year, particularly around the holidays?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, you did hear that correctly. We effectively took the trends that we saw for leisure transient in the second quarter and applied that for the rest of the year. Obviously, the mix of leisure in Q3 is a little bit different than Q4. But when you actually look at sort of the 300 basis point decline in the midpoint of guidance, what I would say is about 15% is as a result of Q2, the remainder is second half, and thats effectively evenly split between Q3 and Q4.
Operator: The next question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Just on cost programs. I assume your expense budgets at the asset level were based in part on your revenue outlook? And I just have a basic question. Are there cost takeouts that can happen? And do those cost reductions typically have a lag as revenue softens?
Sourav Ghosh: Its always obviously an asset by asset in terms of how expenses are managed. And obviously, you have certain fixed costs. The variable costs really move with volume. For the most part, there isnt a meaningful lag with that variable cost, it happens and it will show up and sort of the lag is maybe a week or 2, but by month end, the true-up occurs. So by the time youre seeing the numbers whatever costs are being taken out or being managed relative to volume shows up pretty real time.
Operator: The next question is coming from Smedes Rhodes from Citi.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to go back to your guidance and just taking out the acquired EBITDA for a moment. It looks like it's about close to $50 million downward revision. And then you said from Maui, you're expecting a 180 basis point negative impact to your portfolio for the year. And I think that's a little steeper than the 130 basis points that you called out in the first quarter. So just given those 2 things and just something -- is the bulk of that decline of $47 million or so all related to Maui on a relatively small decline in your RevPAR? Or maybe you can just kind of walk through the pieces. Because it seems like a large downward revision to given your expectations just in the quarter ago.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Smedes. I think what will be easy is if I just walk through where our midpoint of previous guidance was at $1.670 billion and bridge that to our current guidance of $1.645 billion. So you take the $1.670 billion, you take out $64 million of comp EBITDA, excluding Nashville. Of that $64 million, about 50% of that $64 million is attributable to Maui and San Francisco. The remainder is primarily made up of 4 markets, I would say, it's D.C., Orlando, Phoenix and L.A. And then you add $5 million for improvement of our forecast for Nashville. You would add another $5 million for Alila Ventana, which opened up sooner than we had expected. And then you add $22 million for the 1 Hotel Central Park in Turtle Bay and then another $7 million for higher interest income, because we obviously did the $600 million bond deal, had more cash reserves and higher interest rates that allowed for that. Once you total that up, you get to the $1.645 billion. But what I would say is important to remember that certainly for 2024, the $1.645 billion guidance, but it's important to remember what the run rate really is once you really adjust for all the puts and takes. So if you take, again, the $1.645 billion midpoint guidance that we have and you remove all the business interruption that we got this year, which is equal to $40 million, you would add an additional $49 million for Turtle Bay and 1 Hotel Central Park because obviously, we don't have the full year baked in, in 2024, you would add another $13 million for Nashville. And as we said in our prepared remarks, another $75 million to $80 million for Maui and another $5 million for Ventana. So the true run rate on a stabilized basis, if you will, is $1.750 billion. So hopefully, that answers your question and then some.
Smedes Rose: Yes, that helps. And then just, Jim, you said at the beginning in your opening remarks that group revenues were up 8%, business transient was up 4% and that leisure moderated. Can you share what the percentage increase or decrease was in leisure?
Sourav Ghosh: Sorry, are you asking for the leisure demand increase in Q2?
Smedes Rose: Well, whatever you -- at the beginning of the call, you said group revenue was up 8% in the quarter, business transient was up 4%, and I'm wondering what leisure was? It was characterized as moderating, but can you just share the percentage? I think you were speaking of revenues, right?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Our overall  and remember, we used our resorts as a proxy. Our rate still held firm, overall resort revenue or our lease revenue was slightly down as volumes, obviously, as what Jim was referring to, have moderated. But our rates held up, which are still 51% above 2019. I believe in Q1, that number was 52%.
Operator: The next question will come from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: I wanted to go back to your comments about how total RevPAR grew more than room RevPAR. And Marriott had called out some ancillary spend being reduced and MGM called out kind of lower restaurant covers and pressure on entertainment ticket prices. And so I'm just wondering, is the increase that you're seeing in ancillary revs, is that -- do you think it's because of your group mix is increasing, and so it's more banquet revenues? But the transient piece is softening on the ancillary side? Or just wondering why your trend looks a little bit different than what some others have talked about.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Robin. I think our trend looks a little bit different because of the nature of our assets and the nature of our customer. Our customer is -- falls into the affluent category given the nature of our properties, and they're still spending money. Unfortunately, we saw a big pickup in outbound travel in the quarter. But in terms of the spend at our resorts, both resorts and non-resorts, we saw food and beverage outlet revenue per occupied room up about 2% over last year and same quarter last year and up about 1% over the first quarter as well. And encouragingly, as Sourav mentioned in his prepared remarks, we saw spa revenues and golf revenues up ex Maui, spas up about 11% in the quarter over same quarter last year and golfs up 5%. So we are seeing continued spending with a leisure transient rate that's 50% higher than where it was in the second quarter of 2019. And additionally, we're not seeing any holding back on the group side as well. Banquet revenues are up over where they were at the same time last year. So I think it's a different mix. It's a different property type and a different customer.
Robin Farley: Great. That's helpful. Maybe just one follow-up clarification is can you remind us where your group mix, where you think that will end up this year and where it was in 2019?
Jim Risoleo: Its going to be pretty similar to where it was in 2019, about 65  about 35% group, roughly 61% transient and the balance contract.
Operator: The next question will be from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Grambling: As a follow-up on the -- I think it was Smedes questions around resort RevPAR. I think you said for the quarter, ADRs were flat and occupancy down. Did that change over the course of the quarter? Because it seems like part of the evolution we're hearing from folks is really around June and July, and I realize it's a little bit more myopic, but I'm just trying to think about the dynamic of what's happening to price within leisure or resorts, however you want to define that as we look into the back half?
Sourav Ghosh: Not necessarily because both for Memorial Day and July 4, we came in actually better than expectations. So it really sort of -- sort of scattered across the quarter on certain weekends, but there wasn't any discerning trend necessarily while we went through the quarter as it relates to sort of pricing or for that matter of fact, even demand, because the holidays actually did better than what we thought they would do.
Stephen Grambling: Okay. That's helpful. And one other follow-up on that, I guess, would be that in that comment that you said that you're assuming the trend line kind of holds in the back half, just to be clear, that would be that dynamic of effectively flat ADR, slightly down occupancy in the back half for your resorts overall?
Sourav Ghosh: Thats correct. And effectively, the trend of  particularly from the leisure standpoint, the international outbound that Jim mentioned, we had obviously assumed earlier that we would  it would be actually lower in Q2 of this year versus Q2 of last year. The opposite helps you and were assuming for the rest of the year that, that will continue.
Operator: The next question will be from Bill Crow from Raymond James.
Bill Crow: Jim, in a weakening economic backdrop. And when we see rising job cuts and rising unemployment, what's the first -- what's the first indicator in the lodging space. Is it weaker leisure demand? Is it weaker? Or is it group attrition, lower F&B, what should we be looking out for if the economy starts to slow at a fastening pace?
Jim Risoleo: I would say, weekend leisure at the lower end of the chain scale, Bill. I do think there is a bifurcation today between the high-end consumer who is still strong, moderating somewhat candidly, and the low-end consumer. And I think you're seeing that in the earnings reports that are being printed this quarter, there's a differentiation. From our perspective, we talked a bit about where our leisure transient rate is, and where our out of room spend is, how our out of room spend is trending, and we're very comfortable with how our consumer is behaving. We think that what's happened in this quarter is that the high-end leisure traveler went abroad, they went to Europe and the Caribbean and Japan, and that it's a moment in time, much like when the leisure consumer led the recovery coming out of COVID. It was revenge travel and I think we saw a bit of revenge travel in Europe last year when that was the first year that Europe was opened up without any restrictions, and we're seeing that this year. And it's frankly, it surprised us a bit because I know we've talked about this before. I mean if we look at -- and we spent some time digging into this, if you look at all U.S. outbound at roughly 120% of 2019 levels, that equates to 6 million additional outbound trips. And that is -- that's a big number, but people they're spending money, and we're not seeing the corresponding increase of international inbound. So TSA checkpoints give us confidence that travel is still occurring. We hit a record in July of, I think, 3 million throughputs in 1 week in particular. So we believe that this is a moment in time and the pendulum will swing back, and we will be well positioned to perform going forward.
Bill Crow: Great. If I could ask Sourav, a follow-up or a second question. Sourav, we've got a lot of flavor negotiations coming up towards the end of this year, and I'm not going to ask you about those. But how do you think about wage and benefit increases as you look into 2025 across the portfolio?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. As we look into next year, its a little bit early to tell, obviously. I mean the managers are working through the budgets right now. And we obviously dont have those submitted until much later this  later part of the year. However, just given that inflation has come under control, to some extent, we would expect it to be lower for next year. How much lower? We will probably have a better idea once we get further down the year, I would say, probably October, November in terms of what thats looking like. But would think its more in the 3% to 4% range or even better than that, depending on what inflation trends look like?
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions. Today, I would now like to hand the call back to Jim Risoleo for closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you again for joining us today. We always appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, and we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences in the coming months. Enjoy the rest of your summer.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.
 In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com.
 With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  
 With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. 
James Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $483 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.60, which includes $10 million of business interruption proceeds from Hurricane Ian. Excluding the business interruption proceeds, our adjusted EBITDAre was 7% above the first quarter of 2023, and our adjusted FFO per share was 8% above last year.
 We delivered a year-over-year comparable hotel total RevPAR improvement of 50 basis points, underscoring the continued strength of out-of-room revenue while comparable hotel RevPAR declined 1.2%. First quarter RevPAR faced headwinds from tough year-over-year comparisons, particularly in Maui. 
 The year-over-year decline in Maui RevPAR had an actual drag of 170 basis points on our first quarter portfolio RevPAR. However, this understates the true impact of the wildfires as we would have expected Maui to contribute 140 basis points to portfolio RevPAR growth in the first quarter given the renovation disruption at Fairmont Kea Lani in 2023. As a result,  the total estimated impact of the wildfires on first quarter RevPAR is 310 basis points.  
 RevPAR was also impacted by unseasonable weather in Florida, Arizona and California unanticipated renovation delays at the Singer oceanfront resort. Despite these headwinds, our first quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 31.2% and was 30 basis points above 2019. As a reminder, our first quarter operational results discussed today refer to our comparable hotel portfolio, which excludes The Ritz-Carlton, Naples in 2024.  
 In addition, while Alila Ventana Big Sur is included in our first quarter results, it is currently closed and it has been removed from our comparable hotel set for the remainder of the year after a portion of Highway 1 collapse in late March. At this time, we expect the resort to reopen towards the end of the second quarter.
 During the first quarter, our portfolio results continued to be impacted by the evolving nature of demand on Maui. Our risk management team has reached an agreement with our insurance carriers and we are now including between $18 million and $22 million of business interruption proceeds related to the Maui wildfires and our full year 2024 guidance.  
 Turning to business mix. It is worth noting that this quarter, we are referring to revenue growth for our business mix segment as revenue per available room as a result of the leap year. Group revenue per available room grew 4% in the first quarter, driven by room nights. 
 Our properties booked over 500,000 group room nights in the year for the year bringing our definite group room nights on the books for 2024 to $3.6 million, with total group revenue pace up 7% compared to the same time last year.
 In the first quarter, business transient revenue per available room grew 5%, driven by both rate and room nights and leisure remained steady with transient rates at our comparable resorts up 52% compared to 2019, including our 3 Maui resorts. Briefly touching on out-of-room spend. Food and beverage revenue per available room grew 2% in the first quarter compared to last year, driven by an all-time high banquet and catering contribution.
 Other revenue per available room grew 6%, driven by elevated attrition and cancellation fees. It is worth noting that nearly 40% of our total revenue in 2023 came from food and beverage and other revenue and our 2024 guidance assumes a similar proportion. 
 Since 2017, non-room revenue has steadily grown as our portfolio has shifted towards more complex, higher-end properties, which benefit from substantial out-of-room spend from both guests and non guests. In fact, there may be instances that the property teams at our hotels strategically forgo [indiscernible] room rate as they focus on the total revenue picture.  
 The Ritz-Carlton, Naples is a clear example of the positive impact out-of-room spending. In the first quarter, the resort achieved RevPAR of $900, which is only half of its $1,700 total RevPAR. As a result of our meaningful expansion and transformational renovation, transient rates in the quarter were up 40% compared to 2019 driven by club level rooms and food and beverage revenue grew 38%, driven by outlets.
 In March, the resort posted its best revenue month ever, aided by Easter week's RevPAR, which was 45% above the competitive set. In addition, the resort was recently named to Travel and Leisure's It List, and we are proud to say that it truly is firing on all cylinders.
 Turning to capital allocation. Yesterday, we announced the acquisition of the fee simple interest in a 2-hotel complex comprising the 215 room, 1 Hotel Nashville, in the 506 room Embassy Suites by Hilton Nashville Downtown were approximately $530 million in cash. The acquisition price represents a 12.6x EBITDA multiple or a cap rate of approximately 7.4% on 2024 estimated results. The properties are each expected to rank among our top 25 assets based on estimated full year 2024 results, with an expected combined RevPAR of $275, RevPAR of $435 and EBITDA per key of $58,550, further improving the quality of our portfolio.
 The newly built LEED silver complex opened in 2022, and stands directly across from the 2.1 million square foot music city convention center adjacent to the Bridgestone Arena, which is home of the NHL Nashville Predators, and within a 10-minute drive of Nissan Stadium, the Country Music Hall of Fame Museum, Vanderbilt University, Tennessee State University and Centennial Park. It sits on 1.2 fee simple acres in Nashville, Spain Lower Broadway Entertainment District. 
 The 2 hotel complex has a combined 721 oversized rooms that average approximately 500 square feet with a 75% suite mix. The properties offer 7 separate food and beverage outlets, including [indiscernible] rooftop at the 1 Hotel, which provides guests with exclusive views of Music City skyline in an elevated night life setting.  
 Other amenities include a spa, 2 fitness centers, a yoga studio and 33,000 square feet of shared meeting space. From 2000 to 2023, the Nashville hotel market had a RevPAR CAGR of 7.7%, even while absorbing new supply. It is the #2 ranked convention destination in the United States and the convention center has continued to set record attendance numbers by attracting larger events with promising definite bookings in future years. 
 The new Nissan Stadium, home of the NFL Tennessee Titans, is also expected to generate increased demand as the stadium zone attracts more entertainment and sporting events with year-round activation.
 In addition, Nashville has the fastest-growing airport in the United States with current passenger traffic 33% above 2019. The recent $1.5 billion airport expansion added 6 international gates and 8 satellite gates. And another $1.5 billion expansion is already underway, with expected completion in 2028. While supply growth is expected to continue in Nashville, most projects are in the planning stages and in the select service chain scale. We believe the 1 Hotel Nashville and the Embassy Suites by Hilton Nashville Downtown are highly differentiated from the future supply due to their central location and diversified product offerings, which provide distinct value propositions to customers and guests.
 With multiple demand generators and no expected near-term capital expenditure requirements, we believe the combined properties will stabilize at approximately 10 to 12x EBITDA in the 2026 to 2028 time frame, driving additional value creation for our portfolio. Due to the timing of the acquisition, the 1 Hotel Nashville and the Embassy Suites by Hilton Nashville Downtown are not yet included in our comparable hotel guidance metrics, but will be included starting in the second quarter.  
 The acquisition is expected to generate $29 million of adjusted EBITDA for our ownership period, which is included in our adjusted EBITDAre and FFO guidance for 2024.
 Looking back on our transaction activity. We have acquired $4 billion of assets since 2018 at a 13.5x EBITDA multiple and disposed off $5 billion of assets at a 17x EBITDA multiple including $976 million of estimated foregone capital expenditures. This accretive capital recycling has allowed us to grow our adjusted EBITDAre and dividend in excess of full year 2019 levels as we continue on the path towards $2 billion of adjusted EBITDAre. 
 As we have demonstrated, we believe Host is well positioned to continue capitalizing on value-enhancing acquisition opportunities. After adjusting for post-quarter transactions, we have $1.7 billion of total available liquidity and net leverage of 2.3x, and we will continue using our size, scale and relationships to uncover more acquisition opportunities.
 Turning to portfolio reinvestment. Our 2024 capital expenditure guidance range remains $500 million to $605 million, which reflects approximately $225 million to $280 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects. 
 During the first quarter, we started the Hyatt Transformational Capital program renovations at the Grand Hyatt, Atlanta and the Grand Hyatt, Washington, which we expect to complete in the first half of 2025.
 We received $2 million of operating guarantees in the first quarter to offset business disruptions related to the Hyatt Transformational Capital program and we expect to benefit from an additional $7 million in 2024. More broadly, we have completed 24 transformational renovations since 2018, which we believe provide meaningful tailwinds for our portfolio.  
 Of the 12 hotels that have stabilized post renovation operations to date, the average RevPAR index share gain is 8.5 points, which is well in excess of our targeted gain of 3 to 5 points. 
 Wrapping up, we believe Host is well positioned to continue to outperform. Our successful capital allocation strategy has allowed us to deliver 2023 adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per share above 2019 levels, outperforming the other full-service lodging REITs. We are encouraged by the supply picture for our markets and chain scales, which remains below historical levels. The improving international demand imbalance, the continued improvement in business transient demand and increased activity in the transactions market.
 We believe our EBITDA growth profile, our investment-grade balance sheet, our diversified portfolio and our continued portfolio reinvestment are key differentiators. 
 As we have demonstrated, Host can and will continue to do it all.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav to discuss additional operational detail and our revised 2024 outlook. 
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our first quarter operations, updated 2024 guidance and our balance sheet.  
 Starting with business mix. Overall transient revenue per available room was down 6% compared to the first quarter of 2023, driven by tough comparisons, including the evolving nature of demand in Maui, unseasonable weather in many markets and unanticipated renovation delays at the Singer Oceanfront Resort. Combined, we estimate that the renovation delay and Maui had a 440 basis point impact to transient RevPAR in the quarter. However, leisure rate is still strong.  
 Transient rates at our resorts remained resilient at 52% above the first quarter of 2019 and resort food and beverage outlet revenue per occupied room grew over last year. Gulf revenue continued to grow the record levels set in the first quarter of the last 2 years despite the impact from our Maui golf courses. Looking ahead to holidays in the second quarter, for Memorial Day weekend, transient room revenue pace for the overall portfolio is up over last year and up high single digits, excluding Maui.
 We are still outside the primary booking window for July 4, but thus far, we are encouraged by strong bookings in San Diego, Houston and New York. Business transient revenue per available room was 5% above the first quarter of 2023 driven by an increase in rate and room nights as business transient demand continued its slow and steady recovery. Seattle, Boston, and San Francisco led room night growth, and both New York and Boston are within 2% of pre-pandemic demand.  
 Turning to group. Revenue per available room was up 4% in the first quarter, driven by room night growth in San Diego, San Francisco, Orlando and Maui. Notably, group room night volume reached 96% of the first quarter of 2019 levels, led by corporate and SMERF groups. For full year 2024, we have 3.6 million definite group room nights on the books, representing a 17% increase since the fourth quarter and putting us ahead of same time last year.
 Group rate on the books is up 4%, and total group revenue pace is up 7% over the same time last year. As Jim mentioned, our banquet and catering contribution per group room night in the first quarter was at an all-time high, coming in approximately 1% above the prior record set in the first quarter of 2023.
 We continue to be encouraged by the ongoing strength of group business as evidenced by strong pace, [ lingering ] booking windows and double-digit citywide room night pace in key markets such as Nashville, New Orleans, San Antonio, Seattle and Washington, D.C.  
 Shifting gears to margins. As expected, margin declines year-over-year were driven by increases in wages, benefits and fixed expenses as well as impacts from Maui. Despite these headwinds, our comparable hotel EBITDA margin was 31.2% in the first quarter, representing a 30 basis point increase over 2019 as a result of our continued efforts to redefine the operating model. We expect year-over-year margin comparisons to improve as the year progresses.  
 Turning to our revised outlook for 2024. The midpoint of our guidance continues to contemplate steady demand in travel and low supply growth. Our expectations for the year are driven by improvements in group business, a gradual recovery in business transient, softer short-term leisure transient demand and a continued evolution of demand on Maui as the island recovers from the recent wildfires.
 At the low end, we have assumed slow group pickup and softer leisure transient demand. And at the high end, we have assumed a faster recovery at our Maui resorts and increased group pickup. For full year 2024, we anticipate comparable hotel RevPAR growth of between 2% and 4% over 2023. We expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 80 basis points year-over-year at the low end of our guidance to down 30 basis points at the high end.
 Notably, we expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be up 10 basis points at the midpoint versus 2019 despite an estimated 20 basis point margin impact from Maui. At the midpoint of our guidance range, we anticipate comparable hotel total RevPAR growth of 3.7% and comparable hotel RevPAR growth of 3% compared to 2023. This 100 basis point reduction in our RevPAR growth midpoint is driven by lower-than-expected first quarter results, underperformance in Maui and softer-than-expected short-term leisure transient demand.  
 That said, the strength of out-of-room revenues allowed for total RevPAR to decline only 60 basis points relative to our prior midpoint. We expect a comparable hotel EBITDA margin midpoint of 29.6%, which has improved 30 basis points from our initial guidance and is now only 50 basis points below 2023. We estimate the Maui wildfires will impact full year comparable hotel TRevPAR by 90 basis points, RevPAR by 130 basis points and comparable hotel EBITDA margin by 20 basis points.
 We also expect a 50 basis point impact from property taxes and insurance. 
 In terms of RevPAR growth cadence for the year, we expect comparable hotel RevPAR growth to be flat to low single digits in the first half of the year based on the drivers I just mentioned. We continue to expect mid-single-digit comparable hotel RevPAR growth in the second half of the year as a result of strong group booking pace, less renovation disruption compared to the second half of 2023, and the diminishing year-over-year impacts of the Maui wildfires, which occurred in August of 2023. 
 Our revised 2024 full year adjusted EBITDAre midpoint is $1.670 billion, a $35 million or 2% increase over the prior quarter. This includes an expected additional $8 million from business interruption proceeds related to Hurricane Ian, $20 million of business interruption proceeds related to the Maui wildfires, an estimated $62 million contribution from operations at The Ritz-Carlton, Naples, which is up from $60 million in our prior guidance and $6 million from operations at Alila Ventana Big Sur, a decline of $10 million compared to our prior guidance.
 As a reminder, Ritz-Carlton Naples and Alila Ventana Big Sur are excluded from our comparable hotel set for the full year 2024 forecast. Our adjusted EBITDA and FFO guidance also includes an estimated $29 million contribution from the 1 Hotel Nashville and Embassy Suites by Hilton Nashville downtown.
 Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 4.3 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.7% after repaying the $400 million Series G senior notes in April. As Jim noted, we currently have $1.7 billion in total available liquidity, which includes $231 million of FF&E reserves. Our quarter end leverage ratio adjusted for post-quarter transactions was 2.3x, and we have $1.3 billion of availability on our credit facility.
 Also, since our last call, Moody's upgraded the company's issuer outlook from stable to positive. Further, in April, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share demonstrating our commitment to returning capital stockholders. As always, future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors. We will continue to be strategic and opportunistic in managing our balance sheet and liquidity position as we move through the remainder of 2024.  
 To conclude, we believe our best-in-class portfolio and balance sheet uniquely position Host to capitalize on opportunities for growth in the future.
 With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Michael Bellisario with Baird. 
Michael Bellisario: Jim, one long question for you on Nashville. Could you walk us through the time line for this deal, maybe how your cost of capital and view of value evolved, especially given how much the capital markets have moved in the last 3 to 6 months? And then just lastly, how you're thinking about the continued ramp-up of these properties, given that they're both less than 2 years old? 
James Risoleo: Sure, Mike. Nashville is a market that we have had our eye on for a number of years. It is a market where I would say we're underrepresented given the dynamic that is occurring in Nashville. Years ago, we did a 50-50 joint venture with White Lodging on a Hyatt Place. We were one of the early ones in Nashville. And that property has continued to outperform all of our expectations. I think we refinanced it 2 or 3 times along the way. So have been scouring the market and actually had reached out to our friends at Starwood Capital and Crescent before the 1 Hotel and Embassy Suites even opened when it was in the construction phase. 
 We're not much of -- not terribly keen on being a developer, but that was one deal that I really wanted to see if we could participate in when it was coming out of the ground. And that was a nonstarter for the development team. So we've been following it for a long time. It came out very strong in 2022. It was open for a partial year, and it had RevPAR of $185 and EBITDA of $8.7 million. And to proceed in a cautious way and really not having a clear view at that point in time with respect to how the macro picture is going to play out, whether we were going to really have a hard landing and end up at a serious recession or the Fed was going to engineer a soft landing, we elected to just watch the property over '23 and keep the dialogue going.
 So obviously, our cost of capital is a fluid metric. We look at it over time, and adjusts from time to time. And as we engaged in this transaction, earlier in this year, the equity markets were in a different place. And so that's tick one to your question. 
 Secondly, we wanted make certain that the property was going to perform as anticipated. And in 2023, the asset had a RevPAR of $257. And the out-of-room spend was very, very strong to result in EBITDA for '23 of $37.7 million. So our underwriting this year has us at $275 RevPAR and $42.2 million of EBITDA. And we think Nashville is really just getting started as a market, honestly. There are so many good things happening in Nashville that it is a market of the future. It's the #2 convention market in the United States behind Orlando. They've just completed a $1.5 billion expansion of the airport and immediately starting on another $1.5 billion expansion.
 Oracle just announced that they're moving to Nashville to be closer to the center of health care tech. Amazon is developing a significant presence in the city as well. I think they're going to have about 5,000 jobs in Nashville. The demographics of the city are very positive. You have a lot of demographic inflows into Nashville. The tax environment is very favorable. It's a favorable business environment.
 The asset itself, it's unmatched. I mean it is a main and main location. It's literally right across the street from the Music City Convention Center, a $2.1 million facility. And that facility for 2023 and '24 on the books exceed 2029 nights, all over 1 million citywide room nights. The pace in 24 is 19% over 23%, the pace in '25 is 10% over same time last year. So there are just a lot of really positive things that are happening in this market. 
 And I know there's been some talk about new supply and -- we spent a lot of time in the market. I spent a lot of time myself in the market. And really to wrap our hands -- our head around what could possibly happen. I will tell you that a lot of the projects that were planned are still in the planning stage because developers are finding out that it is costing more to build than they anticipated. And when you layer higher construction costs on with a higher cost of debt and lower proceeds from a construction loan perspective, the deals just aren't getting done. 
 As a matter of fact, there was a Ritz-Carlton planned for quite some time, and that transaction got completely pulled by Ritz because the site was tied up and nothing was happening on it. So there will be some select serve come online in the marketplace. We've taken that into consideration in our underwriting, but in terms of full service, upper upscale luxury hotels, if and when it happens, it's probably 3 or 4 years out best case scenario. 
 So that's how we're thinking about Nashville. It's a market we don't have an exposure in. It's a market we want to get into, and we follow this asset for a long time. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: Jim, Sourav, and I apologize going a little bit late. So if there's some piece of prepared remarks, it's a repeat here than my apologies. But hoping you can just dig in on what you're seeing on the leisure transient softness came up a couple of times. -- that I heard. Just some examples you could give when you started to see that behavior shift, is it continuing into April? Just any kind of sense by market or behavior that you can see right now? That would be great. 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Shaun. Where we started really seeing it as the short-term leisure transient demand. And I want to specify demand because in our prepared remarks, we talked about how rate for leisure has still surprised us to the upside. We are -- effectively for our portfolio Q1, 52% above 2019. And if you recall, that's kind of where we were in prior quarter as well. So the rate is not letting down. It's just the short-term transient demand. Reality is we started seeing that really March is probably when we did. And part of it is -- we suspect is really being driven also by the poor weather that we had in Q1.
 And going into April, obviously, you have the Easter shift, we have a significant portion of our portfolio is resorts and Q1 does extremely well for our resorts. So the Easter shift is a little, I would say, not as much impactful for our portfolio. However, what does happen with the timing of Easter, it does shorten the time that the resorts can really drive rates and demand. So therefore, April sort of in the short-term pickup is certainly slower. However, rates are still holding strong. 
 What I can tell you with what data we have available as of right now, we don't have the full month data yet, but April is trending effectively flat for the portfolio. But remember, that includes Maui. If you exclude Maui, we were actually closer to slightly above 1% for April.
 So overall, things are still looking very strong. And when we look at the sort of the second half of the year, what I will say is the group piece is looking extremely strong for the second half. And that's what really gives us confidence for the full year is we picked up 421,000 room nights for the remainder of the year and 60% of that was for the second half. So clearly, have tremendous confidence for the second half and overall total revenue pace is actually close to 9% for the second half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Aryeh Klein with BMO. 
Aryeh Klein: Maybe just going back to Nashville, now that, that acquisition has been done, how are you thinking about future M&A? And perhaps which markets are of interest? Are there Nashville types markets that you're not in that you'd still like to get into? And then maybe just on the overall M&A landscape, with rates seemingly higher for longer. Has there been any shift in the market? Have you seen assets pulled or anything like that? 
James Risoleo: Yes. A couple of questions there, Aryeh. Let's talk about the M&A landscape first. So I think there was a fair amount of anticipation among the brokerage community that we would see a pickup in transaction activity as the Fed moved to lower interest rates. We haven't seen that happen yet because of where the Fed is sitting. However, I believe that there are some owners out there who will be sellers now because they just can't afford to wait any longer and for a lot of reasons. I mean, they haven't invested in their assets over the course of the pandemic. They may have loans coming due, and they're going to have refi them into a higher interest rate environment.
 So we're hearing a little bit of chatter that we might see a more active M&A market in the second half of the year. That said, we don't sit around at Host and wait for marketed opportunities. We really prefer to continue to work with our long-standing partners relationships that we have and that's how we got the Nashville deal done. You may recall that we also bought the 1 Hotel South Beach from Starwood Capital. So we're very happy that Starwood Capital and Crescent have the confidence faith in Host as an owner to give us this deal on an off-market basis.  
 And we're talking to a lot of other folks out there and I'm hopeful, certainly not assured, but hopeful that over the course of the year that we'll be able to get additional transactions completed. We're in a unique position. And we're going to take advantage of the position that we're in. We don't have to go to the debt capital markets to get a deal done. Even post Nashville, we're sitting here at 2.3x leverage. We have $1.7 billion of available liquidity. The investment grade balance sheet is very important to us.
 We certainly intend to maintain our investment-grade rating. That said, with a leverage ratio of circa 3x roughly, we have the ability to acquire another $1.1 billion of assets this year. So that is our focus. We continue to want to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio. We told many of you who were at our Investor Day last May, that we're on track to get to $2 billion of EBITDA and I just encourage everyone to watch us and see what we do. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Smedes Rose with Citi. 
Bennett Rose: Sourav, I just wanted to circle back. I know you talked about this a little bit in your opening remarks that the -- on a comparable basis, your EBITDA outlook declined by over $20 million. And so you -- that included some business insurance. It turned out, it's going to be a lot more, which is great. But I guess I just wanted to understand, of that about $22 million decline, how much did you think was isolated or sort of realized as it were in the first quarter? And how much is coming through the balance of the year and maybe related to your  1 point reduction in sort of RevPAR forecast? 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure thing. I just want to clarify and maybe I'll just quickly walk through the bridge from our prior guidance to this guidance. Because on the comparable hotel operations, it's actually a $13 million decline, which is a result of the change of 1 point to our midpoint of going down from the 4% to the 3%. The $13 million, it's not $22 million, so let's start off with $1.635 billion, which was our previous guidance. You take out $13 million of comparable operations and which is pretty impressive if you think about it because typically a 1 point decline in RevPAR would equate to $30 million of EBITDA decline.
 So we're deducting only $13 million from there. you have $20 million of comparable BI from the Maui wildfires, which you will be adding to that. Then you take out $10 million for Ventana, maybe that's where you're getting the $223 million because the $10 million is moving to non-comp from comps. So that's Alila Ventana, taking out $10 million of EBITDA. You're adding $2 million incremental for Naples because our forecast went from $60 million for the year to $62 million. And then you're adding $29 million for Nashville, the 1 Hotel and the Embassy Suite and then another $8 million of BI for the Ritz, Naples. So that, if you really add that up, you will get to the $1.670 billion. So hopefully, that helps bridge it from our prior guidance.  
 In terms of where that 1 point decline I would say it's 2/3 in Q1 and about 1/3 in Q2. And as I mentioned earlier, our second half is looking very strong. So we have a ton of confidence in terms of group for the second half, and that confidence has improved. Our total revenue pace for the second half is now over -- slightly over 9%. And a lot of that is Q3 that's driving it. So -- that's sort of how it lays out. Hopefully, that makes it clear. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. 
Stephen Grambling: Just a follow-up on that. So there's a lot of moving parts in terms of bridging that guidance. And some of that includes BI. Some of it is the core, of the BI is covering some of the disruption. What do you think is the kind of right recurring EBITDA in the year to build off of as we think about longer term? 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So if you think about the $1.670 billion that we have guided to for the year, the way to think about long-term run rate, you take out $38 million of BI, right? So it's effectively the $10 million that we already had in the previous guidance, plus the $28 million that we have put into the guidance. You'll take out the $38 million, and then you will add $10 million for Alila Ventana, you would add $13 million for Nashville. So that, as Jim mentioned, we're expecting about $42.2 million this year. We already have $29 million in there. So that's where the $13 million is coming for Nashville.
 And then you would add another about $46 million, call it, for Maui. But for this year, our estimated Maui EBITDA is about $114 million. And if you add the $46 million, that sort of gets you back to where we were pre-fire. So when add that all up, I would say it comes to a pretty even $1.7 billion in terms of sort of ongoing run rate. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bill Crow with Raymond James. 
William Crow: Perfect. Jim, it seems like the Four Seasons, Orlando is an interesting resort to look at it. It seems -- correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems like that asset, in particular, benefited from pent-up inbound international demand and maybe what might be called aspiration or surge spending over the past couple of years. I'm just curious how 2024 is shaping up relative to '23? And maybe more generally, is surge spending kind of coming down or cooling a bit? 
James Risoleo: Bill, it's -- yes, I would say that I don't know if I want to say that it's coming down or cooling a bit. The ADR is likely to be lower this year in Orlando than it was in '23, but it's still meaningfully above where it was in 2019. So we're not seeing a reset really backwards by any means. And one of the other things that will impact us a bit in Orlando this year is some disruption associated with our condo development. So we are steering guests away from a certain side of the building during times of construction. And -- so that is going to be an impact on Orlando as well. 
 But all in all, we've had -- we still continue to have I think 5 resorts in the quarter that drove over $1,000 ADRs. And we're not seeing a real slowdown in the affluent customer. There has been a rotation that we talked about last year with respect to an international inbound versus -- international outbound versus inbound imbalance. That is still occurring. 
 I think over time that will right itself and correct itself. I think going back to Orlando for a moment, the Four Seasons in the quarter, we've had an ADR of over $2,000. So people are still -- they still want to go to Orlando, they still want to stay at the Four Seasons. And what we have working against us a bit is a strong dollar. It's not weakening. It will likely weaken once rates start to come down, and that's keeping the international traveler away from the United States right now. I mean there was a fairly significant uptick in the first quarter.
 As we all try to wrap our head around the soft leisure demand -- we talked a lot about weather in 3 states: Arizona, Florida and California, and it was meaningful. I mean we lost group business at the [ Fenician ] over the course of the waste management open because of the rains. 
 Now we dug into this a little more. And we tried to answer the question, where do these people go? I mean the demand didn't just disappear. People just stay home. We found out that as an example, the international outbound to the Caribbean in the first quarter was 135% of where it was in 2019 levels and RevPAR in the Caribbean was up 17%. So it's just a longer way of saying that our belief is that the consumer -- the affluent consumer is still healthy. They're still spending money. They're still prioritizing experiences over goods. And we're just not seeing the reset back. 
William Crow: That's helpful. Jim, you were one of the louder voice among your peers. I think everybody talked about it, but kind of projecting that this inbound outbound balance would correct itself this summer. Has the change in currency values -- and maybe some of the outbound activity you saw in first quarter, has that kind of reduce your conviction on that call? 
James Risoleo: I would say it's going to take longer than we anticipated. Yes. We just -- just very difficult to wrap your arms around that. One of the other things that we as an industry are dealing with through U.S. travel and AHLA is working with the state department to see what can be done to shorten Visa wait times. I mean Visa wait times in the U.S. are still running at 400 days. And that is a discouraging factor to many people as they are looking to come to the U.S. A corollary to that is in Canada, you can get it a Visa 40 days out. So there is a program in place to try to break that log jam and to hire more people to do the processing necessary. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. 
Duane Pfennigwerth: Most of my questions have been asked. But just on the Naples Ritz, can you remind us what seasonality is for that asset historically? I know your guide implies about 50% of the full year contribution in the March quarter. But does that align with historical seasonality? What did 1Q typically represent historically, if there's such a thing as a "normal year." 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Duane. So yes, your estimate is right. We did about $32 million of EBITDA from operations of the Ritz Naples -- what you will -- when you see the $42 million in the income statement, that really includes the $10 million of BI that was in our previous guidance. So for purely from operations, $32 million, that's about 50%. I would say Q2 is about 25%. Q3 is relatively close to 0, and then Q4 is the remaining 25%. That's sort of how it breaks up for the year. And yes, it is pretty consistent to prior levels in terms of seasonality. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: Most of my questions have already been addressed. But one, I was just looking at your commentary about the increase in revenue in the quarter, the different parts of revenue per room. And it sounded like the biggest increase was coming from, I think, you said the other revenue, up 6% from cancellation and attrition fees. So I'm just wondering if that was -- that increase was an unusually high level? Is that something you'll be comping next year that we should be thinking about or -- maybe thinking about as onetime in nature? 
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, Robin, clearly, attrition and cancellation revenue is coming in higher, and I wouldn't say that's necessarily a systemic thing. We were expecting -- the attrition cancellation revenues to go back more to norm. We had in our previous forecast for the year, approximately $57 million or so for the year. And now we have closer to $71 million forecasted for the year. It's not across the portfolio. And part of it is our managers are frankly doing a much better job of collecting those revenues and contracts are tighter. So it's just been sort of a trend that we are seeing, and we may actually stabilize at those higher levels, but it's not a systemic issue about the portfolio or anything that was some of these jumps out on a onetime basis in Q1. 
Robin Farley: So that bridge that you built earlier to kind of what's recurring and not recurring, would you say that -- I guess, that kind of roughly like $14 million increase in your original expectations, you're saying we should assume that cancellations stay at that level? Or would you say that something that would [indiscernible] we're thinking about? 
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, it's difficult to exactly predict what it will be for the following year, but it seems like thus far, attrition cancellation is going to be at that elevated level, at least based on what we're seeing today. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Katz with Jefferies. 
David Katz: Can you just talk about the deal market a little bit? Are there assets out there that would be sold but not for the cost of capital? Is there still some sort of sellers posturing with respect to price that needs to adjust itself. What are the gating factors for a more active deal trading market to start to occur, please? 
James Risoleo: Yes, David, I think the limiting factor is really the cost of debt. It's not so much the availability of debt right now because the CMBS market for those buyers who need to tap CMBS financing is wide open. And there's been a lot of volume occur this year across multiple asset classes in real estate. But the cost of debt is still such that it is precluding private equity firms to underwrite to their hurdle returns and concurrently with their underwriting give the seller the price that they're looking for in the asset.  
 So I think that is the biggest gating issue. And that puts Host in a really competitive advantage. I mean I talked about it before. We do not have to go to the debt window to get a deal done. And I think there will be opportunities over the course of the year where you have certain private equity firms who might be coming up on end of fund issues with respect to certain assets that they have to trade. They waited for the Fed to cut rates, but they're out of time. A couple of deals that we did in 2018 and started with the 1 Hotel South Beach. That was an end of fund issue with the Starwood Capital. They had to trade that asset. Same with the Four Seasons Orlando, another instance where that deal was at the end of fund life as well.  
 So I can tell you that neither owner of those assets really want to part with them because it is terrific properties. And I hope we're going to be able to find some additional opportunities in that vein as we work our way through 2024. 
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. 
Chris Woronka: Wanted to kind of ask about Hawaii, Maui. I mean you guys -- I think used the term evolution of demand. Just can you give us a little more color on kind of what's happening? Are you guys seeing reservations come in and cancel? Or are you seeing just the booking windows get closer in? Just trying to get a sense for how much visibility you think you had? Is it getting better, it's getting worse? And what are some of the factors around that? 
James Risoleo: Yes. I'll start, Chris, and I'll let Sourav jump in and add what additional color he might have on it. But we are obviously very close to the -- to what's happening on Maui and I can't describe it in any more specific terms other than to say that demand continues to evolve on the island. I think that when the wildfires occurred, devastating wildfires occurred, those folks who might have been new to Maui and maybe they were staying down in Wailea in one of our 2 terrific properties [indiscernible] the Andaz or the Fairmont Kea Lani. They just said they listened to the governor and the governor said, "Stay away from Maui."
 So travelers took the governor at his word. Now that language has been tempered since. The cleanup continues on the west side. The good news is that the displaced residents are really moving into more permanent homes and apartments. We like that. We like to see people get out of hotels and move into their -- move into a home and start their way back because so many people lost so much. They lost everything as a result of these wildfires.  
 So the hotel association is -- and all the hotel owners on the island are working together to put a marketing plan in place. One of the other factors that still is out there with respect to the island is the fact that air capacity, the number of seats is down around 19% over the first quarter of 2019. And that's consistent with where the capacity went post the wildfires in August of last year. So -- it's a bit of a chicken and egg situation right now. We've got to get people back to the island. We have to sell the beauty of Maui and the experiences that they can get, even if it's not on the west side, if it's in Wailea. And we're confident that once that starts happening, that the airlines will increase capacity and the recovery will commence. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time for questions and answers. So I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Risoleo for any closing comments he may have. 
James Risoleo: Well, thank you again for joining us. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, and we look forward to seeing many of you on the road and certainly at NAREIT in New York. Have a good day. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. 2023 was a terrific year for Host on several fronts. First, we delivered strong operational improvements, driven largely by occupancy increases and continued rate growth. Second, we completed the work on the three strategic objectives we established in 2021 and we will continue to realize the benefits of our ongoing efforts well into the future. Third, we returned significant capital to stockholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, continue to successfully allocate capital through reinvestment in our portfolio and announced an agreement with Hyatt to complete transformational renovations at six properties in our portfolio. Lastly, we maintained an investment grade balance sheet and continue to position Host to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities we see in the lodging space including potential acquisition opportunities. Turning to our results. We finished 2023 above the midpoint of our full year guidance range. We delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $1.629 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.92. Comparable hotel total RevPAR grew 8.3% and comparable hotel RevPAR grew 8.1% compared to 2022. Notably, comparable hotel EBITDA margin was 60 basis points ahead of 2019 due in large part to our efforts to redefine the hotel operating model with our managers. During the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $378 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.44, which includes $26 million of business interruption proceeds from Hurricane Ian. Comparable hotel RevPAR improved 1.5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Our RevPAR performance for the quarter was driven by an increase in both occupancy and rate. Despite an estimated 30 basis point impact from the wildfires in Maui, our fourth quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 28.1% was flat to 2019. This marks the seventh consecutive quarter since the onset of the pandemic that we have achieved total RevPAR, RevPAR comparable hotel EBITDA and margins at or above 2019 levels. I will say that one more time. We have delivered operating metrics at or above 2019 levels for nearly two years. As a reminder, the operational results discussed today refer to our comparable hotel portfolio in 2023, which excludes Hyatt Coconut Point and Ritz-Carlton, Naples. In 2024, our comparable hotel portfolio only excludes Ritz-Carlton Naples. During the fourth quarter, our portfolio results were once again impacted by the evolving nature of demand at our three resorts on Maui. We estimate that the Maui wildfires impacted fourth quarter comparable hotel RevPAR by 130 basis points, comparable hotel total RevPAR by 150 basis points, comparable hotel EBITDA by $9 million and comparable hotel EBITDA margin by 30 basis points. For the full year, we estimate that Maui impacted our comparable hotel RevPAR by 50 basis points, comparable hotel total RevPAR by 70 basis points, comparable hotel EBITDA by $13 million and comparable hotel EBITDA margin by 10 basis points. Including our joint venture timeshare, we estimate that Maui impacted adjusted EBITDAre by $15 million in the fourth quarter and $22 million for the full year. Our risk management team is continuing to engage with our insurers about potential business interruption coverage at Maui and the timing and amounts of any potential proceeds are not yet known. Shifting to another market that remains top of mind. San Francisco results showed meaningful year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter. RevPAR was up 10%, driven by both rate and occupancy and F&B revenue was up 15%. Group business is driving the strong results with group room revenue up 36% for the fourth quarter compared to last year as our properties have shifted their focus to in-house groups until the citywide calendar improves in 2025. We have seen positive trends from 2023 continuing in the first quarter of 2024 with conventions driving weekday demand. In fact, January was the best month in the history of the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, with total revenue and EBITDA setting all time records. Briefly looking at out-of-room spend in the fourth quarter, comparable hotel, food and beverage and other revenues were down slightly due to impacts from Maui. We estimate that Maui impacted fourth quarter F&B and other revenues by 60 basis points and 540 basis points, respectively. Encouragingly, the out-of-room revenue trends we have seen post-pandemic remain elevated for the rest of our portfolio. In addition to driving strong RevPAR growth and operating improvements across the business, we continue to be recognized as a global leader in corporate responsibility over the course of 2023. We introduced new 2030 environmental and social targets, which are aligned with our vision of becoming a net positive company by 2050, incorporate the progress made toward our prior goals, and are more reflective of our current portfolio by updating our baseline to 2019. These environmental and social targets will enable our team to focus on and measure our progress over the long-term. Our 2030 environmental targets are in their third generation and put hosts on a linear path to net zero operations by 2040, leaving 10 years to get to net positive by 2050. We now have 14 properties with lead certification and projects in the pipeline at 19 properties. In addition, we are the only lodging REIT to have green building certifications linked to our sustainable financings. In this years corporate responsibility report, we highlighted our asset level climate risk assessment across three near-term climate perils including flood, wind and wildfire, and three long-term perils including heat, cold and water stress. Based on the results, we have identified assets with elevated climate risk and their corresponding EBITDA contributions, which allows us to prioritize capital investments in resilience and better underwrite potential acquisitions. Our 2030 social targets are in their second generation and now include two responsible supply chain targets around supplier diversity and responsible sourcing and one new community impact target. As an employer of choice, we aim to lead our industry by integrating diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging best practices into all aspects of our culture. Turning to capital allocation, we repurchased 1.9 million shares at an average price of $16.50 per share in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we repurchased 11.4 million shares at an average price of $15.93 per share for a total of $181 million. We have approximately $792 million of remaining capacity under the repurchase program. In the fourth quarter, we declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share, an 11% increase over the prior quarter. We also announced a special dividend of $0.25 per share bringing the total dividends declared for the year to $0.90 per share. In total, we returned over $700 million of capital to shareholders in 2023. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, the buyer of the Sheraton New York repaid the $250 million seller financing loan, we provided to effectuate the disposition. Our size, scale and balance sheet have allowed us to provide seller financing on three recent dispositions at a time when debt capital was scarce. Further demonstrating that our fortress balance sheet and unparalleled access to capital creates unique opportunities and substantial value for shareholders. Turning back to fourth quarter operations, our overall business mix results were skewed by Maui as leisure transient demand decreased and group demand increased, driven by recovery and relief groups. Outside of this temporary demand shift, business mix results were as expected. Group led to growth with nearly 1 million group room nights sold in the fourth quarter, bringing our total group nights sold for 2023 to 4.1 million, or 112% of comparable 2022 actual group room nights. Business transient continued its gradual improvement with 7% revenue growth for the quarter and leisure remaining strong with transient rates at our resorts up 58% to 2019, including our three Maui resorts. As we look at the current backdrop for our business, we are optimistic about 2024 for several reasons. First, macroeconomic sentiment is incrementally more positive with consensus expectations of a soft landing. Second, supply levels and anticipated growth in supply is at historically low levels in our markets and chain scales. Third, we expect tailwinds from increased airline capacity, continued improvement in the international inbound demand imbalance, and lastly, the transactions market is expected to pick up as improved macroeconomic sentiment allows for more visibility on operating performance and the market is expecting that we will see rate cuts later this year. As we consider these factors, we believe host is best positioned to capitalize on acquisition opportunities with $2.9 billion of total available liquidity and net leverage of 1.9 times. In addition, we have completed 24 transformational renovations and four development ROI projects, which we believe provide meaningful tailwinds for our portfolio. Looking at results to date, of the 10 hotels that have stabilized post renovation operations, the average RevPAR index share gain is 8.2 points, which is well in excess of our targeted gain of 3 to 5 points. We are also continuing to reinvest in our portfolio with additional comprehensive renovations and resiliency investments underway, and we do not expect meaningful disruption this year. And most importantly, we believe that diverse demand drivers in our portfolio leave us well positioned for top line growth. Sourav will discuss more operational detail in our 2024 outlook in a few minutes. Turning to portfolio reinvestment in 2023, we invested nearly $650 million in capital expenditures at our properties, completing renovations to approximately 3,500 guest rooms, 111,000 square feet of meeting space and approximately 110,000 square feetof public space. In addition, we substantially completed property restorations following Hurricane Ian. In 2024, our capital expenditure guidance range is $500 million to $605 million, which reflects approximately $225 million to $280 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects. Within the Hyatt Transformational Capital program, we have already started renovations at the Grand Hyatt Atlanta and the Grand Hyatt Washington, which we expect to complete in the first half of 2025. We will also start transformational renovations at the Hyatt Regency Reston in the fourth quarter of this year. Other major ROI projects include the completion of renovations at the Hilton Singer Island Resort and the construction of the Finishing Canyon Suites Villa expansion. In addition to our capital expenditure investment, we expect to spend $50 million to $70 million on the luxury condominium development at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort this year. We expect to benefit from approximately $9 million of operating profit guarantees related to the Hyatt Transformational Capital program, which will offset the expected revenue disruption at those properties for 2024. We are extremely proud of our operational and financial performance in 2023 and the iconic portfolio and balance sheet we have built and maintained. Our people, our platform and our portfolio have allowed us to create meaningful shareholder value and we are confident in the significant opportunities ahead for continued growth and value creation in 2024. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our fourth quarter operations full year 2024 guidance and our balance sheet. Starting with business mix, overall transient revenue was down 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, driven by the evolving nature of demand in Maui. We estimate that Maui had a 590 basis point impact to transient revenue, which was evenly split between demand and rate. We were encouraged that transient rate at our resorts grew 2% above last year's tough comparisons despite the demand impact from Maui and renovation disruption. Looking ahead to spring break, transient revenue pace is up for our portfolio compared to the same time last year, driven by occupancy and rate growth at our resorts. Outside of Maui, resort transient revenue pace for spring breakis up 20%. Business transient revenue was up over 7% to the fourth quarter of 2022, driven by both rate and demand growth at our downtown properties. Business transient demand continued its slow and steady recovery. Room nights at our downtown properties were down 15% in the fourth quarter compared to 2019, which is the smallest gap to the 2019post-pandemic. For the full year, business transient demand grew 12% over 2022. In 2024, we expect further demand growth driven by large corporates alongside rate growth in the mid-single-digits. Turning to group. 2023 was the year of group and convention hotel recovery. For the full year, group room revenues increased 21% over last year and room night volume recovered to 95% of 2019 levels. It is worth noting that our group results were positively skewed by disaster and recovery bookings in Maui. Excluding Maui, group room night volume recovered to 94% of 2019 levels. Group room revenue exceeded 2022 by 13% in the fourth quarter, driven by an increase in both rate and room nights, and we estimate roughly half of that growth can be attributed to recovery and relief groups on Maui. Outside of Maui, hotels in San Francisco, Boston, DC and Seattle contributed to the group room night increase. Notably, November's APAC Conference in San Francisco drove results with an estimated 41,000 citywide group room nights. Looking ahead to 2024, we have 3.1 million definite group room nights on the books, representing a 16% increase since the third quarter, putting us ahead of where we were this time last year. Total group revenue pace is up 10% over the same time last year, driven by rate room nights and banquets. We continue to be encouraged by the ongoing strength of group business as evidenced by strong pace, lengthening booking windows and double digit citywide room night pace in key markets such as New Orleans, San Diego, Seattle and D.C. Shifting gears to margins. As expected, margin declines year-over-year were driven by increases in wages and benefits, fixed expenses as well as moderating attrition and cancellation revenues and impacts from Maui. Despite these headwinds, full year 2023 comparable hotel EBITDA margin was 30.1%, representing a 60 basis point increase over 2019. Our ability to achieve this margin expansion is a result of our efforts to redefine the operating model and is indicative of our strong execution, particularly when considering that total comparable hotel expenses have only grown 7% in the last four years and occupancy is still 8 points below 2019. Turning to our outlook for 2024. The midpoint of our guidance contemplates a stable operating environment with continued improvement in group business, a continued gradual recovery in business transient, steady leisure transient demand and a continued evolution of demand on Maui as the island recovers from the recent wildfires. At the low end, we have assumed slower group pickup and softer leisure transient, and at the high end, we have assumed a faster recovery at our Maui Resort and increased group pickup. For full year 2024, we anticipate comparable hotel RevPAR growth of between 2.5% and 5.5% over 2023. We expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 120 basis points year-over-year at the low end of our guidance to down 40 basis points at the high end. Notably, we expect margins to be down only 20 basis points at the midpoint versus 2019 despite a 50 basis point margin impact from Maui. In terms of RevPAR growth cadence for the year, we expect comparable hotel RevPAR growth to be in the low single digits in the first half of the year due to tough comparisons to 2023, which saw a surge in recovery of downtown markets driven by improving group business and elevated leisure demand. We expect mid-single digit comparable hotel RevPAR growth in the second half of the year as a result of strong group booking pace, less renovation disruption compared to the second half of 2023 and the diminishing impact of the Maui wildfires. For January, we expect comparable hotel RevPAR to be approximately $187, a 1.4% improvement over 2023. At the midpoint of our guidance range, we anticipate comparable hotel RevPAR growth of 4% compared to 2023 and a comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 29.3%, which is 80 basis points below 2023. As we think about bridging our 2023 results to 2024, we estimate that Maui is impacting comparable hotel RevPAR by 100 basis points and comparable hotel EBITDA margin by 50 basis points. We also expect a 15 basis point impact to margins from moderating attrition and cancellation revenues and a 45 basis point impact from property taxes and insurance. In 2024, we expect wage rates to increase approximately 5%. For context, in 2023, wages and benefits comprised approximately 50% of our total comparable hotel expenses and attrition and cancellation revenues were $75 million, which is approximately 50% higher than 2019. Our 2024 full year adjusted EBITDAre midpoint is $1,635 million, this includes an expected additional $10 million from business interruption proceeds related to Hurricane Ian and an estimated $60 million contribution from operations at the Ritz-Carlton, Naples, which is excluded from our comparable hotel set in 2024. It is important to note that we have not included any assumption for business interruption proceeds from the Maui wildfires in our 2024 guidance. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position, our weighted average maturity is 4.2 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.5%. We have a balanced maturity schedule with our next maturity of $400 million coming due in April 2024. We are closely monitoring the debt capital markets and we believe our balance sheet provides us with optionality and flexibility. As Jim noted, we have $2.9 billion in total available liquidity, which includes $217 million of FF&E reserves and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. We ended 2023 at 1.9x net leverage, and since our last call, Fitch upgraded the companys issuer rating from BBB- to BBB with a stable outlook, returning Host to its pre-pandemic rating level. Wrapping up. In January we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share and a special dividend of $0.25, returning to our pre-pandemic quarterly payout level. The Board of Directors authorized a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 on our common stock to be paid on April 15, 2024 to stockholders of record on March 28, 2024. As always, future dividends are subject to approval by the companys Board of Directors. To conclude, we are proud of our achievements in 2023 and we believe our best-in-class portfolio and balance sheet leave us uniquely positioned to capitalize on opportunities for growth in the future. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Sean Kelly from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Sean Kelly: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Jim or Sourav, maybe we could just start off with a little color on the M&A environment. You alluded to it in your prepared remarks a little bit and obviously we know the strength of the balance, but coming out of the ALIS conference, how are conversations going? And maybe you could just lead us a little bit on how you can really tap in using your balance sheet strength to unlock some opportunities that others may not have in front of them at this point in the market.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Sean. This is Jim. Im happy to take that question. I think our fortress balance sheet really differentiates Host in the space. Sitting here today at 1.9x leverage with $2.9 billion of liquidity is a testament to the fact that we can do it all as we have shown, and thats how we intend to approach 2024. We want to be net acquirers. We want to continue to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio in 2024 through acquisitions, but also through continued reinvestment in the portfolio as weve done over the past few years. You may recall that we acquired $1.6 billion of assets at the beginning of the recovery in 2021, and another $315 million in 2022. And over that time frame, weve invested  from 2020 through 2023 weve invested over $2.1 billion in our assets. So our 16 properties under the MTCP, as we noted in our prepared remarks, are significantly outperforming our underwriting expectations of 3 to 5 points in yield index. The properties that have stabilized post operations are up to 8 points or up to 10 points, Im sorry, 8 to 10 points. And we continue to do the same with the HTCP program in 2024 as a start. Now, with respect to the acquisition market, frankly, there just arent a lot of properties that are currently listed for sale, certainly not assets that would interest Host. But thats really not slowing us down at all. We are talking to our competitors in the industry, our friends in the industry and others to try to kick deals loose that are Host type assets. We are leaning on our relationships, were leaning on our reputation, on our ability to close deals all cash that really gives us a very meaningful competitive advantage. And we believe this is the year to get the balance sheet to work. So were working very hard to find the right sorts of assets to add to the portfolio. The assets that we like are those that have diverse demand drivers with a combination of group business, transient and leisure, and we want to continue the same. But at the end of the day, it really is everything that we do is to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio. Now, I said that there arent a lot of assets on the market today, but I believe and we believe as a team here at Host, that under the assumption that the Fed is going to start loosening interest rates in the second half of this year, that that will spark sellers to bring properties to market and its going to also spark competition for those assets. So our point of view is we have the balance sheet, we can do it all, we want to get out there, we want to get ahead of the pack and I hope over the course of the next several months that were going to be able to tell you that weve been an acquirer early in 2024.
Sean Kelly: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is live.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Thank you. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about on the group booking side. It sounds like part of your improvements youre seeing are driven by kind of large citywide conventions and the return of maybe sort of association business. But could you talk about maybe just what youre seeing, just more on the corporate side, larger meetings, smaller meetings, more frequent meetings, just any kind of detail around that would be interesting.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Smedes. Were doing really well on the corporate group business and that remains strong. So while association is certainly coming back in quite a few markets, particularly with citywide coming back for 2024 in a meaningful way, the 2024 citywide room night pace is around 90% of 2019 actuals, and quite a few cities are pacing ahead. But corporate group continues to be strong and whats also important to note is their spend on banquet and catering continues to be strong. So the catering contribution at our hotels has not declined year-over-year and we are keeping pace both from a demand perspective as well as from a rate perspective. Right now, our group pace from an ADR standpoint is around 4% and we are pacing ahead to last year by 3.4% in terms of room nights, and on a total revenue basis, its 10% that we are pacing ahead year-over-year. So, pretty meaningful. The markets which are driving this for our portfolio, specifically the $3.1 million group room nights that we have on the books for 2024, they include San Diego, Orlando, D.C., San Francisco and San Antonio. Those markets make up just over 50% of the $3.1 million thats already on the books. In terms of citywide pace, whats pacing well is also San Diego, D.C., but also Seattle, New Orleans and Miami.
Smedes Rose: Thank you. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is live.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Just circling back to your comments on potential acquisitions. I guess, Im surprised, just given the maturities, CMBS maturities, some of which were pushed back in 2023 into 2024, that maybe theres not more kind of for sale in the first half of 2024. So I guess what is your sense of kind of whats happening with those maturities? And then also just curious what your current thoughts are on the type of assets, location, if theres been any change in terms of what Host would be looking for? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Robin. We track all the CMBS maturities, the CMBS loans outstanding and the maturities. This year theres about $26 billion of full service loans that will be maturing. And I know that earlier in the pandemic there was a lot of talk of distress. Frankly, we havent seen it materialize, certainly not on assets or markets that would interest us. Well continue to track it. There may be pressure as we get later into the year because one of the things that other hotel owners are going to have to deal with sooner or later is reinvesting in their portfolio. And as you know, as I mentioned earlier in my response, we have invested significant capital in our portfolio. So were in a really great place to continue to gain yield index and continue to outperform going forward. So I think its still TBD on distressed but we're certainly not counting on that. We're making it happen on our own by trying to capitalize on our relationships, our reputation and our balance sheet to be net acquirers this year. The types of assets and the types of markets, it's really  there is nothing that's perspective per se, that's off the list. But we are always going to be thoughtful about maintaining geographic diversification, which has served us well. I think notwithstanding the tragedy in Maui, the geographic diversification of our portfolio still allowed us to achieve 8.1% RevPAR growth in 2023, notwithstanding a 50 basis point impact from the Maui wildfires. So we'll continue to look at assets where we can add value through our strong asset management and enterprise analytics capabilities, assets where we see ROI opportunities that haven't been completed by the current owner and new markets, we'll continue to look for resorts. We'll also continue to start looking at urban markets today because we've seen some good solid performance out of the urban market. So I think recovery is on the way. We feel good about the macro picture. There is visibility from an underwriting perspective. And let's all keep our fingers crossed at the soft landing that seems to be the consensus to say does come through.
Robin Farley: Great, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bill Crow from Raymond James. Your line is live.
Bill Crow: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe for Sourav, a question about the kind of the tail of two halfs of the year and RevPAR growth in the low single-digits in the first half and then accelerating up to I guess, what, 5%, 6%, 7% in the second half of the year to hit your numbers. Can you kind of compartmentalize how much tailwind you get from Maui? How much you get from renovation disruption? Perhaps Coconut Point is providing a lift given the challenges in that market last year. What can you tell us to give us kind of confidence in that outsized growth in the second half of the year?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So the first piece, I'll talk about the first half, the reason that is low single-digits is because of the tough comps that we have, particularly given the Q1 performance in 2023. And remember, 2022 Q1 was impacted by Omicron. So we had a meaningful amount of growth in the first quarter of 2023. And the first half, leisure did extremely well, as you might recall. So just tougher comps in the first half, that's why the low single-digits. On the second half, what's really giving us confidence are two things: One, specifically is the group booking pace for the second half, both particularly for Q3 as well as Q4, when you look at overall second half, our pace is really strong. We have confidence in that pace number and the second piece is really the tailwind from four hotels that had a meaningful impact last year from renovation in the second half, second half of 2023. Those four hotels really being the one hotel South Beach, Fairmont Kea Lani, the Biscayne Bay Marriott and the Hilton Singer Island, which is a complete redevelopment project. So that's really what's going to help drive that tailwind into the second half at group booking pace and the tailwind from those four renovation properties. There are other factors as well, but those are probably the two largest most impactful factors driving the mid single-digits in the second half.
Bill Crow: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Bellisario from Baird. Your line is live.
Michael Bellisario: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. You want to stick to your outlook. Do you have an industry RevPAR forecast that you're thinking about? And then specific to your outlook, what are you assuming for the mix of rate and occupancy in 2024? And how does that affect your expense outlook and how you're thinking about cost per occupied room? Thanks.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So the way we think of the industry forecast is  and if you look at SCR, it's effectively at around 4%. But remember, our midpoint number is getting impacted 100 basis points as a result of the impact from Maui. So in other words, that would be 100 basis points more if it wasn't for Maui. That also, keep in mind, the weighting of our portfolio is different when you look at sort of the different markets that we have waiting in. So it's not on two apples-to-apples comparison when you are looking at our comparable RevPAR growth versus what the third parties put out there. So that's one thing to keep in mind as well. So overall, please, particularly given the capital investments that we have made, which Jim talked about and the lift that we are getting from the MTCP projects as well as the eight other projects that we invested in and the RevPAR index gain translating into EBITDA growth as well. In terms of total expense growth for this year at the midpoint, we are effectively at 5.8% total expense growth on that midpoint of 4% for the total portfolio. And sorry, the other question you asked was just split between occ and rates on that 2% and that's pretty evenly split between the two.
Michael Bellisario: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks. So on the group pace, I think you said up 13%. How are you thinking about closing group bookings in the quarter for the quarter over the balance of the year? Assume closing group would moderate as the booking curve continues to normalize. And then relatedly, are you leaning on group any differently than you did pre-pandemic given changes in underlying seasonality? So for example, given changes in business trends, is there more of an effort to lean on group to fill in off-peak periods?
Sourav Ghosh: I'll start with the second part of your question. First, it's really an asset-by-asset revenue management decision in terms of what is available and where we can maximize yield. And we're looking always at the total revenue piece of it. It's not just the room night piece because obviously, the banquet and catering that groups provide makes a meaningful difference. So I wouldn't necessarily say there is a different way that we are  or the managers are approaching revenue management. Obviously, the goal is to fill the hotels with the highest not only rated business, but the highest business that's going to provide you the highest total revenue and ultimately, total EBITDA for the hotel. When you think about sort of the cadence of group for the balance of the year, we already have 3.1 million group room nights on the books. We expect for the year based on the midpoint to be above in terms of total group room nights for the year relative to 2023. And we do not just given how well we've been pacing, obviously, in the year for the year, pickup is going to be lower. And in the month for the month and in the quarter for the quarter is going to be lower than what we have seen previously just because the lead times have expanded not only for just in the year for the year but also into future years. But we feel very confident with the ongoing sort of the short-term pickup to make that gap up, particularly given sort of the need dates that have been filled for the year, both in the first half as well as the second half.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay, appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Chris Woronka: Hey, good morning, guys. Appreciate all the details so far. Just had a question as to how you're thinking about cadence of transient through the year, especially as we get into summer Q3. Remember last year we had a little, I guess, surprise where more international outbound and we didn't get the corresponding numbers inbound. How are you kind of internally modeling summer transient this year? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. So the way we're thinking of transient, I mean, we obviously expect it to be moderating for the summer. We just had an extremely strong summer last year. And to your point, I mean, U.S. outbound for the year was 117% above 2019 level and inbound was effectively at 90% of 2019. For what it's worth, right now, the U.S. travel is projecting that inbound number is going to be more at 98% for 2024 relative to 2019, which is a good stat. We do expect an impact on a year-over-year basis, therefore the low-single digits guidance for the first half of the year. But what I will say is our fourth quarter ended with our transient ADR for our resorts still up 58% to 2019. And what we are seeing in terms of spring break, and I think that's like most visibility we have because you won't really get into summer visibility until you get to the end of Q1. Spring break is pacing up 20% in revenues and rate is pacing above 7%, and that's specifically for our resort, excluding Maui. So we feel very good, which effectively is saying that none of these particularly the transient resort ADR is still going to be above 50% of 2019 level. So that's really encouraging. Not enough visibility into the summer yet, but spring break is very encouraging.
Chris Woronka: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Your line is live.
Stephen Grambling: Obviously, we can kind of look at the total dollar amounts, but there's been some changes in construction costs and otherwise. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the ROI on those projects. And if you can give any other color comparing and contrasting the two. Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Hey, Stephen, it's Jim. The first part of your question, we didn't hear, it cut out. So would you mind repeating it?
Stephen Grambling: Just asking to compare and contrast the Hyatt Transformation versus the Marriott transformation programs.
Jim Risoleo: From what perspective?
Stephen Grambling: how you're thinking about the return on investment, how these which  how the hotels might compare and contrast. There's a reason why we should be assuming that these should be kind of the same uplift. Or could there be a difference when we think about looking at the two?
Jim Risoleo: No, I think as you're looking at the HTCP program, it's modeled after the Marriott program. We have received enhanced owner priorities on all of our dollars that we're investing, which is meaningful because in many of the hotels we didn't have owners priority for one reason or another, either it burned off over time or it just didn't exist. So that's a big plus. Hyatt is also providing $40 million in operating profit guarantees to cover off anticipated disruption. And as we noted in our comments, we expect to collect $9 million in operating profit guarantees this year that will cover the anticipated disruption associated with the Hyatt renovations. And I think the cadence is, the assumptions are the same. The assumptions are the same. Let's hope the results are the same, because the results out of the MTCP blew away our assumptions. But we're looking at low-teens cash on cash returns, say low-double digit to low-teens cash on cash returns, which is the same way we underwrote the MTCP program. And frankly, the other eight assets that have received transformational renovations.
Stephen Grambling: And just one follow-up on that, was that primarily through RevPAR index premium or was there also a component, any way to break that down with F&B uplift or other revenue uplifts?
Jim Risoleo: It's both. And I think we can talk, lets  I'm going to let Sourav talk a little bit about the F&B uplift because we have seen a meaningful uplift in F&B revenues throughout the portfolio. I think we have a little audio problem here. Hang on.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Aryeh Klein from BMO. Aryeh, your line is live.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks, and good morning. So I guess within the 4% RevPAR growth outlook, what are your expectations for leisure performance? And are you seeing any kind of noticeable difference in the consumer behavior at the ultra high end resorts versus leisure at your other properties? And then maybe if you just talk to what you're seeing in Maui from a future bookings perspective. Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Sourav, are you back on audio? No, he's not. Sourav, he is having some audio issue.
Sourav Ghosh: I'm back on. I'm back on.
Jim Risoleo: There you go. Okay.
Sourav Ghosh: I'm back on. Can you repeat the question?
Jim Risoleo: I'll start, Aryeh with respect to what are we seeing from the leisure consumer, our leisure transient traveler is generally the affluent consumer in the country. We are seeing no slowdown in spend. We're really not seeing a backing off in a meaningful way in ADR and out-of-room spend in banquet in outlets is still strong. This goes back to Stephen's question. The investment that we made in a lot of our properties and the transformational properties has resulted in a significant pickup in outlet spend throughout the portfolio. So leisure is from our perspective, it's still trending very strong. And I think that goes back to the commentary around spring break where our revenue pace is up 20% year-over-year for spring break, and we're very pleased with that.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks. And just on Maui, what you're seeing from a future booking standpoint that gives you kind of confidence in the recovery in the second half of the year?
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'm not certain that we said that there was going to be a recovery in the second half of the year. So we hope that there's a recovery in the second half of the year. But there are a number of things that have to happen on Maui, particularly on the West side, which is where the wildfires were. And the gating issue really is finding shelter for the displaced residents. And March 1 is a pivotal date in our mind. The governor of the state of Hawaii has stated that if the owners of short-term rentals on Maui don't come to terms with allowing their units to be utilized by the displaced residents, then he is considering a ban on short-term rentals. Because I think on the island of Maui, in total, there's about 30,000 short-term rentals. So it's quite significant and we're tracking it very closely. Additionally, cleanup and the plans to rebuild Lahaina town are still in process. So the west side, I think, is going to take some time to come back. In the interim, we have been working with relief agencies, in particular, now the Red Cross, and we have contracted with the Red Cross for 350 rooms at the Hyatt Regency Maui through the end of May. And we're hopeful that that will be extended while the recovery moves forward. The story in Wailea, where we own the Andaz Wailea and the Fairmont Kea Lani is different. Those properties have been, in the case of the Fairmont Kea Lani just completed a transformational renovation. So the asset is in incredible shape, as is the Andaz Wailea, where we completed soft good's rooms redo, as well as the significant bathroom work. So both of those assets are in great shape and we're confident that over time as the consumer begins to understand the differentiation between Wailea, which is a completely different submarket than the west side in Kaanapali, that will see the cadence of business pick up. And I would just say that, as we think about the midpoint of our guidance this year, we've assumed pretty much 100 basis point impact on Maui and that will result in about the same diminution in EBITDA as we experienced last year. But if Maui is better than our anticipation, and it's too soon to really know that, then we think there is some upside and that takes us to the higher end of the EBITDA guide.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, I just want to make sure I explain the EBITDA piece for Maui. To be clear, obviously when you look at sort of the first half, it's going to be impacted by the wildfire. That's about a $25 million to $30 million incremental impact for 2024. So when you think about the total impact for the year, it's close to $50 million that the wildfire impact is actually having as a result of Maui. So just keep that in mind, it's $25 million incremental impact year-over-year, $25 million to $30 million.
Aryeh Klein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is live.
David Katz: Morning everybody. Thanks for working me in. I appreciate it. Covered a lot of ground already and I really wanted to just maybe triple click on how we think about the boundaries for deals more. Are fixer uppers in or out of bounds versus things that just need a little more strategic direction. And any thoughts on sort of size would be helpful there as well. And that's it for me.
Jim Risoleo: Well, David, let me take the second part of your question first, because that's an easy one. Bigger is better for us. And we don't turn any attractive opportunity away. But obviously, given our scale and our ability to deploy capital, we focus on larger transactions, we focus on complicated transactions, complicated boxes with diverse demand generators being group business transient and leisure, as well as hotels that have multiple outlets and look for opportunities to not only improve the top line, but to improve the middle part of that P&L through our asset management and enterprise analytics capabilities. We are perfectly open minded to buying an asset that needs to be repositioned from a CapEx perspective, it doesn't concern us at all. We certainly have the ability with our design and construction group in house to do that. But what we really look at is how is this asset going to perform after it is renovated and repositioned, and how is it going to perform relative to the existing portfolio, because our bottom line goal is to put money to work, whether it's within our existing assets or new acquisitions to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company. So it's across the board.
David Katz: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dori Kesten from Wells Fargo. Your line is live.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good morning. How has the spread between your group and transient ADR shifted from 2019 to today? And I guess, how much do your transient rates drive your in the year, for the year group booking pricing.
Jim Risoleo: Sorry, Dori, can you repeat the question for me?
Dori Kesten: The spread between your group rates and your transient rates. I'm wondering how that's changed from 2019 to today. And then the second piece of it was how much do your transient rates inform your in the year for the year group pricing?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, so its typically so answer the second half first, I'll have to get back to you on the specific delta to 2019 on group and transient, don't have that in front of me. But in terms of the way we think about the yielding, it really is group comes first. So you're developing that group base and you're seeing where that group rate is, and then you're yielding the transient business and depending on where group is coming in, and it's not just a rate piece, you have to remember, it's also we get a meaningful amount of ancillary business with food and beverage and golf and spa and all that. That makes up a pretty meaningful amount for our portfolio. It is looking at total revenue and what that contribution is to total EBITDA. So once a group base is built, then we figure out the properties are looking at, okay, what makes most sense to layer in transient and at what rate. So you're going to yield out the lower rated business and obviously move towards the higher rated business. So it's more the group base that drives it versus just where transient is coming in. I mean, so you're looking at transient pickup, certainly in the short-term, and filling that up. But the pricing is all determined where group sits for majority of your portfolio.
Operator: Certainly, there are no further questions in the queue. I'll now hand the conference back to Jim for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you. And thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results and our guidance for 2024, and we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences in the coming months. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Jaime Marcus: Thank you and good morning. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws as described in our filings with the SEC. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed. And we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. Before we turn to the quarter, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the devastating wildfires that occurred on the island of Maui this past August. All of us at Host were deeply saddened by the loss of life and heartbreaking impact on local communities. As the largest hotel real estate owner on Maui for over 20 years, Host has long shared a connection to the island and helping to support the community through this difficult time is important to our company. We are proud to have aided recovery and rebuilding efforts, donating more than $250,000 to emergency response and relief organizations, as well as providing direct financial assistance and relief to our hotels employees. We also provided food and shelter to these employees, their families and emergency response teams. The strength and resilience of the Maui community inspires us and we are committed to supporting them as the recovery continues. Now let's move to our results for the quarter. Please note that the results presented on today's call represent the comparable hotel portfolio, which includes all three Maui resorts and continues to exclude the Ritz-Carlton Naples in Hyatt Regency Coconut Point. When applicable, we will provide estimated impacts from Maui to certain results to provide a more comprehensive view of business trends in the quarter. During the third quarter, we delivered a comparable hotel RevPAR improvement of 1.8% compared to the third quarter of 2022. Our RevPAR performance for the quarter was driven by an occupancy increase of 150 basis points led by our convention hotels in downtown locations. Overall, Maui had less of an impact on our results than we initially expected as we were able to replace high rated transient business with recovery and relief group business, which impacted our demand mix this quarter. We delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $361 million, which includes $54 million of business interruption proceeds from Hurricane Ian and delivered adjusted FFO per share of $0.41 beating consensus on both metrics. Third quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 26.6% exceeded 2019 by 10 basis points and this marks the sixth consecutive quarter since the onset of the pandemic that we have achieved TRevPAR, RevPAR, comparable hotel EBITDA and margins ahead of 2019 levels. Comparable hotel RevPAR for October is expected to be approximately $229, a 2.4% improvement over 2022. We estimate that the Maui wildfires impacted third quarter comparable hotel RevPAR by 60 basis points, comparable hotel TRevPAR by 120 basis points, and comparable hotel EBITDA by $4.5 million. Our risk management team is continuing to engage with our insurers about potential business interruption coverage and the timing and amounts of any potential proceeds are not yet known. Despite the wildfires on Maui, which we expect will impact our full year RevPAR guidance by 50 basis points, we maintained the midpoint of our previous full year expected comparable hotel RevPAR growth at 8% and tightened our full year RevPAR growth guidance range to 7.25% to 8.75%. At the midpoint of our guidance, full year 2023 comparable hotel EBITDA is forecasted to be 8.5% above 2019 with comparable hotel RevPAR growth 5.6% greater than 2019. As we look at the current macro picture, we continue to be optimistic about the state of travel for several reasons. First, group business continues to improve. During the quarter, we booked 245,000 group rooms through 2023 and total group revenue pace is now 6.7% ahead of the same time 2019, up from 4.2% as of the second quarter. Even without the recovery in relief groups on Maui, total group revenue would have been above both 2022 and 2019. The group booking window continues to extend and we are pleased with the base we have on the books for next year. Second, business transient demand continued its gradual improvement during the third quarter. Business transient revenue was up approximately 9% to 2022 and demand improved 5% compared to the third quarter of 2022. Overall, business transient revenue is down approximately 16% compared to 2019, with room nights down approximately 20%. Room nights have gradually improved throughout the year. In January, we were down nearly 23% to 2019. And in September, we were down just 17% to 2019. We see the continued evolution of business travel, as a tailwind in the future. Third, leisure rates at our resorts remain well above 2019 levels, despite continued moderation in the third quarter as expected. For context, transient rates at our resorts were 56% above 2019 in the third quarter, which is particularly impressive when considering that this excludes the benefits from our two newly renovated noncomparable hotels in Florida and includes the impact from our three resorts on Maui. Fourth, we expect international demand to be a positive trend going forward. International inbound air traffic increased to 88% of 2019 levels in September, up from 80% in June. At the same time, international outbound air traffic increased to 118% of 2019 levels, after hovering near 108% since January, which indicates that consumers continue to prioritize travel. As evidenced by recent booking volume trends for US airlines, the international imbalance is likely to revert to 2019 levels over time. Most importantly, we are not seeing evidence in weaken consumer at our hotels. Food and beverage outlet revenues remained both above 2022 and 2019, driven by resorts and nonresort alike, which is encouraging, given that occupancy still lags 2019 levels. Golf and small revenues also remained significantly ahead of pre-pandemic levels. Taken together, we believe this indicates that consumers continue to desire and ability to spend on experiences at our hotels. Moving to our reconstruction efforts following Hurricane Ian. The newly transformed Ritz-Carlton Naples has been very well received since its reopening in July and we are optimistic that the resort is set up to exceed our underwriting expectations. Transient rates were 75% above 2019 for the second half of this year, driven by the increased suite mix in the new Vanderbilt Tower. Looking forward to festive season, club-level room night booking pace is up more than 25% over the same time in 2019 with an ADR premium of almost $900 and suite bookings are pacing up 125% with a more than $1,300 rate increase over 2019. We are proud of the well-deserved tension that Ritz-Carlton Naples is receiving, including regaining the coveted AAA five-diamond designation and we look forward to seeing the results it delivers in the years to come. In terms of insurance proceeds related to Hurricane Ian, to-date, we have received $208 million of the expected potential insurance recovery of approximately $310 million for covered costs. During the third quarter, we received $54 million of business interruption proceeds, and we expect to receive an additional $26 million of business interruption proceeds in the fourth quarter. Turning to group. Revenue exceeded 2022 by 10% in the third quarter, marking the fifth consecutive quarter group revenue exceeded 2019. Definite group room nights on the books for 2023 increased to 4 million in the third quarter, which represents approximately 110% of comparable full year 2022 actual group room nights, up from 103% as of the second quarter. For full year 2023, total group revenue pace is up approximately 20% to the same time last year, and up 6.7% to the same time 2019 in part due to recovery and relief groups on Maui. Group rate on the books is up 7% at the same time last year, a 40 basis point increase since the second quarter. Looking ahead to 2024, we have 2.6 million definite group room nights on the books, a 15% increase since the second quarter. Total group revenue pace is up 13% at the same time last year, driven fairly evenly by room nights and rates. We are encouraged by the ongoing strength of group, as evidenced by increasing pace, lengthening booking windows and improving citywide calendars. Moving to portfolio reinvestment. We are excited to announce that we reached an agreement with Hyatt to complete transformational reinvestment capital projects at six properties in our portfolio. The properties include the Grand Hyatt, Atlanta; the Grand Hyatt, Washington D.C.; the Grand Hyatt, San Diego; the Hyatt Regency, Austin; the Hyatt Regency, Capitol Hill; and the Hyatt Regency, Reston. Building on the success of the Marriott transformational capital program, we believe these portfolio investments will position the targeted hotels to compete better in their respective markets, while enhancing long-term performance. Hyatt has agreed to provide us with priority returns on these investments. Additionally, Hyatt will provide $40 million in operating profit guarantees as protection for the anticipated disruption associated with the incremental investment. Our total investment is expected to be approximately $550 million to $600 million, two-thirds of which we were planning to invest as part of our capital plan over the next few years. We expect to invest between $125 million and $200 million per year over the next three to four years on this program. We are targeting stabilized annual cash-on-cash returns in the low double digits on our incremental investment through a combination of enhanced owners' priority returns and RevPAR index share gains. Turning to our capital expenditure guidance for 2023, we tightened the range to $615 million to $695 million, which includes approximately $200 million to $230 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects and $150 million to $175 million for hurricane restoration work. Major capital expenditure projects included the December completion of a transformational renovation at the Fairmont Kea Lani, as well as the start of construction at the Finishing Canyon Suites Villas and the luxury condominium development at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort. Lastly, we are well underway with the repositioning renovation of the Hilton Singer Island, which is expected to be complete in the first quarter of 2024, and we are working with Hilton to top brand the hotel as a Curio Collection Resort. We are targeting a stabilized cash-on-cash return in the mid-teens on our repositioning investment. As we have said many times before, our exceptional balance sheet puts us in a position to execute on multiple fronts, which is what you saw us do during the third quarter. We continue to reinvest in our portfolio, and we believe our comprehensive renovations is while enhancing the EBITDA growth of our portfolio well into the future. We announced an exciting transformational capital program with Hyatt. We purchased approximately $100 million of stock and return capital to shareholders through a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend. We continue to be optimistic about the state of travel and we believe Host is very well positioned to outperform in the current economic environment. With that, I will turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our third quarter operations, our updated 2023 guidance, our balance sheet and our dividend. Starting with business mix, we estimate that Maui impacted overall transient revenue by 450 basis points, which skewed the comparison this quarter, resulting in transient revenue down 330 basis points to the third quarter of 2022. We were encouraged that transient rates at resorts remained 56% higher than 2019 despite the impact from Maui and the renovation at the one Hotel South Beach, which contributed to the decline over last year. As expected during the third quarter, we continued to see a normalization in transient rates at resorts compared to 2022. Business transient revenue was approximately 9% above the third quarter of 2022. Business transient rooms sold remain approximately 20% below 2019 levels, but it's worth noting that New York, San Francisco and Denver three of our largest business transient markets were within 10% of 2019 room nights in the third quarter. Looking at top business transient customers, large consulting and audit firms continue to drive the biggest share of business travel room nights but they're also the largest contributor to room night decline compared to 2019. Encouragingly, during the third quarter large technology companies showed room night growth compared to 2019. Turning to group. Group room revenues were 10% above the third quarter of 2022, driven by a rate increase of 8%. It is worth noting that these results were skewed higher by the recovery and relief groups at our Maui Resorts, which positively impacted group room revenue. In the quarter for the quarter, group room night bookings were up 49% compared to last year and 85% compared to 2019 with growth driven by New York, Phoenix and San Francisco as our convention hotels continue to focus on building a strong in-house group base. Maui also contributed to the strong in the quarter for the quarter bookings, but results would still have been up meaningfully excluding its contribution. We are encouraged by the continued recovery of international arrivals San Francisco, which stood at 87% of 2019 levels in the third quarter, up from 76% in the first quarter driven by increased airlift from Asia. With respect to group mix, corporate group room revenue was up 8% in the third quarter, driven by 7% rate growth. Association Group revenue was down 11% in the third quarter compared to last year led by a decline in room nights as the citywide recovery remains uneven. Social, Military, Educational, Religious and Fraternal or SMERF Group revenue was up 39% in the third quarter, driven by recovery and relief room nights on Maui, which are designated in the smart category. Excluding Maui, room night growth in this category would still have been up over 7% led by our hotels in New York and Washington D.C. Looking ahead, our 2024 total group revenue pace is 13% ahead of the same time last year and we continue to be encouraged by the citywide booking pace in markets such as Seattle, New Orleans and San Diego. All of which have citywide group room nights meaningfully ahead of the same time last year. Shifting gears to margin performance. Our third quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin came in at 26.6%, which is 10 basis points above the third quarter of 2019. Total comparable expenses grew 5.5% over 2019 while total comparable revenues were up 5.6%. As we have said many times before, we are encouraged that comparable hotel EBITDA margin remains above 2019 despite elevated expense inflation over the past four years and occupancy still 8-points below 2019. As Jim mentioned, despite the impact of the wildfires in Maui, we maintained the midpoint of our previous full year expected comparable hotel RevPAR growth at 8% and tightened our full year RevPAR growth guidance range to 7.25% to 8.75%. Our guidance range continues to contemplate varying degrees of moderating growth in the fourth quarter. We would expect year-over-year comparable hotel RevPAR percentage changes in the fourth quarter, to be down low single digits at the bottom end to up low single digits at the top end, with the range driven, primarily by the evolving nature of demand on Maui. We expect fourth quarter operational results to roughly follow 2019 quarterly seasonal trends, as provided on page 17 of our supplemental financial information which at the midpoint of our guidance implies slightly positive fourth quarter RevPAR growth. At the midpoint, we would expect full year adjusted EBITAre of $1.620 billion. Please note that our adjusted EBITDAre guidance includes $54 million of business interruption proceeds, which we received in the third quarter and an additional $26 million which we expect to collect in the fourth quarter, all of which is related to Hurricane Ian. Excluding the impacts of business interruption our revised full year comparable hotel EBITDA midpoint only declined $8 million versus the second quarter, despite a full year estimated impact of $25 million from Maui. It is important to remember that, although business interruption proceeds are one-time in nature we expect the Ritz-Carlton Naples and Hyatt Regency Coconut Point to contribute a full year of EBITDA in 2024. As a reminder, comparable hotel EBITDA and comparable hotel EBITDA margin are not affected by operational results or business interruption proceeds related to these two resorts as they are considered non-comparable at this time. Shifting to margins. As we have discussed over the past few quarters, year-over-year we expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 210 basis points at the low end of our guidance to down 170 basis points at the high end, due to stable staffing levels at our hotels, higher utility, and insurance expenses, and lower attrition and cancellation fees. For these reasons, we do not believe 2022 represents a stabilized comparison for margins. Relative to 2019, which we believe is a more representative year for margin comparison, we expect margins this year to be up 20 basis points at the low end of our guidance to up 60 points at the high end. This margin expansion is despite impacts from Maui, occupancy still meaningfully below 2019 levels, moderating attrition and cancellation revenues and expense inflation. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. The $163 million loan to the buyer of the Sheraton Boston was repaid in full during the third quarter. Our weighted average maturity is 4.5 years, at a weighted average interest rate of 4.6%. We have a balanced maturity schedule with our next maturity of $400 million coming due in April 2024. We ended the third quarter at 2.1 times leverage, and we have $2.6 billion of total available liquidity, which includes $218 million of FF&E reserves and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. In addition, we repurchased 6.3 million shares at an average price of $15.90 per share bringing our total repurchases for the quarter to $100 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 9.5 million shares at an average price of $15.82, bringing our total repurchases for the year to $150 million. We have approximately $823 million of remaining capacity under our repurchase program, and we will continue to be opportunistic when executing share repurchases. We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.18 per share, an increase of $0.03 or 20% over our second quarter dividend. Though, we expect to maintain our quarterly dividend at a sustainable level taking into consideration potential macroeconomic factors, all future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors. We remain optimistic on the future of our business and travel overall. We believe our portfolio, our balance sheet, and our team are well positioned to continue outperforming. As we have shown Host can do it all and we will continue to be strategic in the current macroeconomic environment. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conducting our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from Aryeh Klein with BMO. Your line is live.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks, and good morning. Maybe just on the group bookings pace. It's up 30% for next year. Curious what you're seeing from the end of the quarter for the quarter bookings and do you think that bookings pace for next year ultimately narrows as maybe booking windows extend? And then if you could just touch on which markets looks strongest and weakest for next year from a group standpoint?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So we saw meaningful in the quarter for the quarter bookings for the third quarter. That trend seems to be pretty consistent. We actually picked up 85% more relative to 2019 in Q3 in the quarter for the quarter. When we looked at the 245,000 group room nights that Jim spoke to that we picked up in Q3 for Q3 and Q4 about 46% of that was a pickup for Q3 and about 54% of that was about a pickup for Q4. Going into next year, as the booking window extends, we do expect that to moderate somewhat just because there wouldn't be any capacity left frankly at the hotels. So to put that into perspective in the fourth quarter booking window extended by about 10 days, which effectively was it was 80 days before and it's like 90 days now. And then all future arrivals that extended by 15 days. So we're definitely seeing that extend for -- in the year for the year as well as for future years. So you will see that moderation into next year. As it relates to markets that we expect will do well for next year we're certainly seeing strength to our portfolio as meaningful as San Diego Orlando and D.C. Overall citywide pace for 2024 is strong in Seattle, Boston, New Orleans and Miami as well. What's interesting is right now when you look at 2024 the city-wide room night pace is actually 90% of 2019 actuals which is up from 83% which we saw at the end of Q2.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Bellisario with Baird. Your line is live.
Michael Bellisario: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just on the Hyatt Capital program for those six hotels maybe just on average, but when were they all last renovated? What's the current RevPAR penetration index and then do you expect to get the same 3- to 5-point lift that you had underwrote for the Marriott program? Thank you.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Mike. We'll be happy to gather that information specifically and share it with you. But suffice it to say that we and Hyatt both believe that these properties were in need of a transformational comprehensive renovation. We were going to undertake work at all six of these hotels. About two-thirds of the work that we agreed to with Hyatt in return for the enhanced owner priorities and the $40 million guarantee to support disruption. So we see returns in the low-teens as we saw with the Marriott transformational capital program and that will be driven by the enhanced owner priority as well as yield index gains. So I think that we have a very high degree of comfort given the performance of the assets in the Marriott program just to refresh your recollection that was 16 properties. They're not all stabilized yet due to where we are but due to certain properties and certain competitive sets like New York, in particular, having been closed for a longer time than our property. But the assets that we have seen have delivered truly outsized yield index gains. We had underwritten three to five points and we're meaningfully above that. So, we're excited to be able to partner with Hyatt as their largest owner. And really looking forward to getting on with this program which we will complete over the next three to four years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bill Crow with Raymond James. Your line is live.
Bill Crow: Thanks. Good morning Jim and Sourav. Point of clarifications Sourav, is it fair to say you still have about $40 million in potential BI recoveries that could occur next year right $250 million through the third quarter plus some in the fourth? And then the GAAP to $310 million, is that the right way to think about it?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, we still plan to get to the $310 million. We're working with our insurers right now. There will be an allocation between BI and property. So far what the letter we have got from our insurers is that we will be -- they're okay with the $80 million of BI. That's why we have $26 million of BI in our forecast. We are still working with the insurers to collect on the balance Don't know what that number exactly is going to be. It won't be all of the remaining to get to the 310 but certainly more than the $80 million. So, we do expect some BI next year that amount. We are still working with our insurers as to what that is going to be.
Bill Crow: All right. Thanks. And then my question really is I hear you on the comparison of the margins versus 2019 instead of 2022. In a few months we're going to be talking about 2024 versus 2023. And I'm thinking the question I've been asking is a number of the REITs is what sort of topline growth that we'll make our own decision about what that is. But how much do you need before you could get flat EBITDA margins next year? Is it a 4% number?
Jim Risoleo: Bill that's the question. It's really difficult to answer given where we are with respect to the budgeting process. What I can share with you at this time is we would anticipate wage growth next year in the 4% to 5% range. Where insurance costs are going to come in they're certainly baked through next June because that the renewal is year-to-year and it renews June one of every year or July 1 of every year I guess through June 30th. So, question mark will be what happens in insurance renewal and there are a lot of variables that can impact that. And as we get granular on each hotel budget, we will look for opportunities to continue to enhance improvements in productivity and utilize technology as we have been doing. So, we will do everything possible to command and control expenses going forward. But I do think it's important that we kind of level set the stage as to what is our true base of EBITDA going into next year. And I would like to just share a couple of numbers with you because I don't want people to think that the $80 million of business interruption that we received this year as a one-time event. It's really not a onetime event from the perspective that the Ritz-Carlton Naples and the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point are going to be back online full time next year.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, just to expand on that Bill. I think the way to think about it first the level at the base. So, before we even get into the growth of EBITDA for next year. When you think about the midpoint of our guidance at 16.20 right now that already has a $30 million negative impact from Maui which was made up of $25 million from the hotels and then $5 million from the timeshare. So, let's assume for a second that we still have about a similar impact into next year as Maui recovers. And then you think about that $80 million of BI that proceeds for this year which Jim mentioned, is that effectively a majority of that we would have received as EBITDA from the Ritz-Carlton Naples, and the Hyatt Coconut Point, if it was not for Hurricane Ian. So, that is EBITDA we would be receiving for next year. So in other words, if you think about it, the base -- before any growth is starting off at $1.6 billion plus, if that makes sense. And then of course as Jim mentioned, in terms of expenses and everything else, we are working through and we have many initiatives that we are working on. So while there will be inflationary expense pressures, we fully anticipate to mitigate those pressures with productivity enhancements and various initiatives that we have going on at the hotels. And we will provide you with next year guidance as we typically do in February -- on the February call.
Bill Crow: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Q  Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks.. Good morning. I thought that was a good question by Bill, and response by you. So I'll just ask another Hawaii question. Maybe could you just play back the recovery, why things were a little bit better than you anticipated in the third quarter? And then maybe just since the delta on the fourth quarter guidance, is really about Hawaii. It sounds like what would get you to the high end? What would get you to the low end in terms of what needs to happen?
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Duane. Let me start, by saying that the -- were it not for Maui. I think our guidance range for the full year would have been tighter than it is. But we have a wide range at this point in time because of some of the uncertainties surrounding how Hawaii is -- how Maui is going to recover. The west side of Maui -- kind of Maui just reopened to tourists on November 1 yesterday. So it's going to take some time to see the cadence of, how people are going to come back to the west side. And I do believe it will take some time as well, for people to get comfortable rebooking their stays down in the [indiscernible] where our other two resorts are. We did see a lot of cancellations in the fourth quarter, due to some pronouncements that were made by the governor and we fully support the reconstruction and relief efforts, because what happened on Maui is just a terrible horrible disaster. And we fully support the fact that you've got to take care of the people first, and that's what's happened. So the reason, that our performance in the third quarter was better than we initially anticipated, is as a result of recovery first responders taking rooms at our property as well as providing housing that was subsidized by FEMA for displaced residents. And that really caused a material pick up better than we anticipated. You did see a decline in TRevPAR in the quarter by an amount that was directly attributable to what happened on Maui. I think the out-of-room spend the TRevPAR spend was impacted by 120 basis points. So, we're optimistic for the long-term future in Maui. It's a great place and great place to be, and we will do what we can to support the recovery.
Q  Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you. Maybe just to put a finer point on it. The delta in the fourth quarter the range is that a function of the duration of first responder in housing or the rate of just sort of organic leisure recovery?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, it's a little difficult to look at November and December. It really is the disaster recovery business and how that will taper off, as the west side of the island opens up which actually opened up as of yesterday November 1st. So, it's we're trying to gauge the properties are trying to gauge what that demand pickup looks like, and how they will replace sort of the regular business with the demand recovery business. So that was driving the delta. What I will say is, if it was not for that Maui impact we put out October numbers at 2.4%. Our fourth quarter numbers would have been slightly higher than the 2.4%, if it wasn't for the Maui impact.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. And point of fact -- just to kind of wrap this up way our anticipated -- the anticipated impact on comparable hotel RevPAR and comparable hotel EBITDA from Maui is 50 basis points off the top line and $25 million for the full year at the bottom line. So in that sense had Maui not occurred, we would have been talking about a guidance raise on this call because we were able to keep the midpoint at 8%, we would have been talking about an 8.5% guide for this year.
Q  Duane Pfennigwerth: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jay Kornreich with Wedbush. Your line is live.
Jay Kornreich: Good morning. You made some comments on the urban and business transient demand profile accelerating in September getting back to 17% GAAP to 2019. So I'm wondering if you can just provide some more color on how much you think that GAAP can narrow in 2024? And maybe within that some of your peers have been diminishing their exposure to San Francisco. Maybe if you could provide some color on how you see your assets in that market trending over the next year or two?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. I'll take the San Francisco piece of it Jay. And then Sourav, can talk a bit about business transient. San Francisco, we think for the long-term is a great place to be particularly, given the assets that we own which we believe are the best located in the market and excellent physical condition. San Francisco, Moscone Marriott has been for quite some time now building a solid base of in-house group business. It's in terrific condition. It was the first asset that we completed as part of the Marriott's transformational capital program completed in 2019. And the results are paying off relative to the competitive set it is outpacing I think everyone in the sect today. The Grand Hyatt on Union Square also in great physical condition and in a great location. So we are seeing a return of business travel in San Francisco in particular, in September. San Francisco it's one of our top business travel markets. We're down just about 10% in total room nights relative to where we were in 2019. So it's slow and steady. And I think 2024 will be a challenged year for San Francisco from a citywide perspective. But as we get beyond 2024, we're optimistic about how the market is going to evolve.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. And I'll add on the San Francisco piece, which is encouraging is our lead volume, as the San Francisco Marriott Marquis is actually up 5.5% to last year. And group room nights there was up almost 8.5% year-over-year as well. So  and in November is I believe when APAC that Asia Pacific economic conferences and that should be really good for San Fran as well. Obviously, 2024 as Jim mentioned, the city-wides are weak but that's why we are really making inserted effort to get quality in-house group at that hotel. As it relates to your question on BP [ph] it's been a very, very slow recovery from a room night perspective. Obviously, we had the strength of the special corporate rate this year almost double-digits. But the room night recoveries across the board for the portfolio is still down around 20% call it, that said, the major markets as we spoke about in our prepared remarks, San Francisco, New York, Denver is down only 10% to 19%, which is pretty impressive. In terms of 2024, we expect more of the same in terms of BP. We expect certain markets to recover  to continue to recover but just at a very slow pace. The reality is if BP will come back in a meaningful way when there is more macroeconomic certainty and there is two economic growth, we believe there's a pretty close relation with nonresidential fixed investment growth and RevPAR. And once that comes back in a meaningful way and GDP growth comes back in a meaningful way we expect that GAAP to reduce.
Jay Kornreich: Very helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is live.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask you  you mentioned 2.6 million group room nights on the books for next year. How does that compare to where you would sort of normally be in terms of group bookings for the full calendar year when you're in -- just late in the year?
Sourav Ghosh: Yeah. When we compare that to 2019 we are about 10% down relative to 2019.
Smedes Rose: Okay. So catching up. And then can you just mentioned the Sheraton Boston you mentioned the Sheraton financing that loan was repaid in full. Any update on the Sheraton Times Square loan?
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. That loan was due to be paid off on October 18. We worked with the borrower and entered into a forbearance agreement and extension to November the next -- November 8, next Wednesday. As part of that agreement the interest rate was restated to 13% and there was an upfront paid that brought the effective rate all in to 15%. So they are in the final stages of completed the documentation necessary to have the loan paid off by next Wednesday.
Smedes Rose: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Your line is live.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good morning. Based on what you're seeing marketed for sale today and then the shadow pipeline of deals you hear about, would you expect to be a net buyer next year?
Jim Risoleo: Dori, I sure hope so. I really do. I mean, clearly, our balance sheet is a differentiating factor for Host. As we've said, we have the ability to allocate capital across many fronts, as you saw us do in the third quarter and sitting here at 2.1x leverage and the ability to do deals all cash and get them done quickly is something that -- I don't think there's anyone else in this market can do today. What we're seeing today though is still a fairly significant bid-ask spread in the marketplace. There just isn't a lot of quality product in the pipeline. We are talking to a lot of people, a lot of hotel owners and we'll just have to wait and see how pricing trends as we get into 2024. But we clearly have the capability to not only continue to buy back stock, which we believe is very undervalued relative to our assets in the quality of our EBITDA and invest in our assets and pay a sustainable dividend, and also be acquisitive. So let's keep our fingers crossed that we have an opportunity next year to do that.
Dori Kesten: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Meredith Jensen with HSBC. Your line is live.
Meredith Jensen: Yeah. Thank you. I have two quick questions. First, looking at RevPAR or comparable to TRevPAR, if you could speak a little bit about what you're seeing on out-of-room spend and how we might think about that in the near and longer term? And then secondly, I recall a couple of minutes ago maybe at the Analyst Meeting, you spoke about some strategic moves you might make over time working with managers to identify some of the brand standards that might be modified, as you sort of collect some sample set to drill down on those. And given where cost pressures are I was curious if there's anything meaningful there we could think about? Thanks so much.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. On the food and beverage front, banqueting and catering contribution which is effectively banqueting catering NAV revenue on a per group room night basis, still remains pretty strong. I mean, last quarter we just had a lot of pent-up group demand from groups that are canceled during COVID. So it's very difficult to compare the Q3 results to Q3 results of this year when it comes to food and beverage. Just because the excess amount of group that we had. So even in our internal forecast, without the impact of Maui we were actually expecting food and beverage revenues to be down. That said, that really has moderated in terms of food and beverage revenue. We are still getting a meaningful amount of banqueting and contribution and outlet revenues for occupied room are significantly higher than they were back in 2019. The piece that is certainly going to moderate as we get into next year is attrition and cancellation revenue. That has -- you saw had an impact in the third quarter. Third quarter with ANC revenue being down literally about half of what it was last year. So that -- put into perspective in 2022 we received close to $100 million of attrition cancellation revenue. We think that's going to moderate somewhere around the $50 million to $55 million range. That's just one thing to keep look out on, and sorry Meredith your second question was?
Meredith Jensen: Just sort of -- it was a strategic question on working with managers on brand standards. Is there any modifications that could be made over time on looking post-COVID?
Sourav Ghosh: We are constantly working with our managers to evaluate brand standards that are relevant. And frankly I would say Marriott and Hyatt both made meaningful changes into the brand -- for the brand standards post pandemic really figuring out, which ones we should modify, which ones to eliminate, the ones which truly drive value to the guests. It's always a continuing conversation and we believe as technologies evolve and we can leverage technologies, which not only help from a productivity standpoint, but also enhance customer experience, we will keep on doing proof of concepts and piloting those technologies to drive incremental value to the bottom line.
Meredith Jensen: Thats all. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tyler Batory with Oppenheimer. Your line is live.
Tyler Batory: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Few questions on the leisure and the resort commentary. Are you seeing any divergence within your portfolio between some of the higher rated resort properties and those that are a little bit lower or at the different price points? And then when you look at the holidays, talk about your book position I know it's still a little early there. But curious what you're seeing in terms of demand Thanksgiving and Christmas. And then the third part of this question you talked about transient resort rates still 56% above 2019. What guidepost or what expectations do you have for those rates in Q4 and going forward? Certainly commentary and expectation is that number should slow. But just trying to get a sense of best guess perhaps how much -- where growth could end up going in the next couple of quarters here?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. Let me start with the last question that you asked with respect to leisure transient rates. We're very happy that in the third quarter, our leisure transient rates were 56% above where they were in the third quarter of 2019. For reference that's down about five percentage points from where we were in the second quarter. Second quarter we were 61% ahead. And the fact that the 56% number takes into account the three comparable resorts on Maui to the negative and it excludes our Ritz-Carlton Naples and our Hyatt Regency Coconut Point does give us a substantial level of comfort that our properties are going to continue to be able to charge a rate that customers are willing to pay just given the nature of the assets that we own. So we're not really seeing a divergence across the 16 resorts we have. They're all very high quality properties. And we're optimistic that as we get into the fourth quarter and as we get into next year, we'll continue to be able to drive strong performance at all of these assets. I think the Ritz, Naples what we're seeing with respect to booking pace across every room category at that property is very, very impressive and we're very optimistic that we're going to be able to outperform our underwriting expectations on the expansion of the Vanderbilt Tower. I think we underwrote a 12% cash-on-cash return on that investment and we're going to do much better going forward. So, we are not seeing any signs of weakness as we move into the holiday season. I would just caveat that by saying but for the unknown surrounding what's going to happen in Maui this year.
Sourav Ghosh: And on the question of holidays and how things are pacing. You have to keep in mind Q4 holidays somewhat present a tough comp to last year because the last year was the first time the country was really open for broader travel during the holiday season. But that said, specifically for like a Christmas time right now and this is much more direction of what we have revenue on the books left Maui is effectively flat, which we think is very encouraging. And for Thanksgiving, it's slightly off but you have to remember it's that timing was a tough timing when you compare to last year. So, we were off less how Maui down about 6%, 7% in pace. But Christmas is effectively flat right now pacing flat in terms of revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Your line is live.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. A question on one of your newer markets to Austin, Texas, RevPAR has been down over the past few quarters. Is that all technology business travel being down and just more broadly, I think there's a Convention Center renovation there starting next year. Would it be disruptive? And how has your experience been in that market relative to kind of the more traditional coastal business urban markets?
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, I think that Austin, we have two properties in Austin. We have the hotel Van Zandt and we have the Hyatt Regency, Austin. Just to remind you the Hyatt Regency was the first asset that we purchased during the pandemic. I think it was the first hotel that was done during the pandemic. And that asset is doing actually quite well. Van Zandt is -- and it's growing quite well given the fact that we're able to take in-house group given the lease base platform there as well as its location across the lake. Van Zandt is more of a leisure-driven property. And I don't know if you've been to Austin recently but there is an incredible amount of construction around Van Zandt in that particular submarket the Rainy Street district and that has really impacted business at that property. So for the long-term, I think it's going to be great. Going forward, because it's a myriad of new development is occurring there residential as well as office. But in the short-term it's going to be challenging until we get the cranes out of there and the Street's open up to business again. So -- and tech has had a bit of an impact as well in the near term on that asset. So you're absolutely right. With respect to plans for the Convention Center, Host as well as other hotel owners who have a presence in Austin have been meeting with the appropriate officials in Austin to talk about whether or not they're going to go forward with a closure of the Convention Center or a staged renovation and expansion and also talking about ways that we can mitigate any impact that actions taken with the Convention Center can will have on business in the Austin market. So we're being proactive and doing everything that we can to mitigate any potential issues surrounding the Convention Center going forward.
Anthony Powell: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today will be coming from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Chris Woronka: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Jim Risoleo: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Woronka: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Talking about acquisitions Jim, I know you mentioned that there's a big pipeline out there. We think there's going to be stuff that might come available next year that's related to debt refinancing. As you guys look at the potential pipeline, a lot of deals -- a lot of the acquisitions you've done last couple of years have been one-off assets, bigger EBITDA assets. What's your willingness to do either a portfolio type of deal or something where there's a lot of CapEx involved upfront? Are you willing to do different kind of deals and kind of what you've done in the last few years?
Jim Risoleo: Chris, the short answer is, it really is transaction dependent. And if we see a portfolio that we believe is accretive to shareholder value. And if assets needed to be repositioned and they have CapEx needs and we can see our way clear to performance in the near term, we would do that. I mean, I think a great example of an asset that has performed extremely well for us, that needed to be repositioned is the Phoenician. And we bought that asset in 2015 and completely reimagined the property and invested, I think $120 million to reposition it including new amenities, a new spa, a new fitness center, a new lobby bar and complete renovation of all the guest rooms and the asset is doing exceptionally well. So, if I could find another Phoenician that is something that we would certainly be interested and excited about doing. With respect to portfolio deals, we look at everything that's out there and we look at it with an open mind. And if there is a transaction that we believe is accretive, we would certainly take it down.
Chris Woronka: Okay. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. So I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Risoleo for his closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our third quarter call today. We appreciate the opportunity as always to discuss our quarterly results with you and we look forward to seeing many of you in person at NAREIT and other conferences in the coming weeks. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may go ahead.
Jaime Marcus : Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jamie, and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. During the second quarter, we delivered a comparable hotel RevPAR improvement of 2.7% compared to the second quarter of 2022. Our RevPAR performance for the quarter came in below our quarterly guidance primarily as a result of moderating transient demand in San Francisco and Seattle and at our resorts to a lesser extent.  Comparable hotel RevPAR growth was 3.8% during the quarter, underscoring the continued strength of out-of-room spend. During the quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $446 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.53. For our second quarter comparable hotel EBITDA of $449 million was 9% below 2022, it was 9% above 2019. Second quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 32.7% exceeded 2019. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter since the onset of the pandemic that we have achieved RevPAR, RevPAR and comparable hotel EBITDA and margins ahead of 2019 levels. Comparable hotel RevPAR for July is expected to be approximately $209, which is 2.5% above July of 2022. Our performance in the first half of the year, coupled with the macroeconomic backdrop in the second half, led us to tighten our full year RevPAR growth guidance range to 7% to 9%. Bringing the midpoint of our full year expected RevPAR growth to 8%. At the midpoint of our guidance for full year 2023, comparable hotel EBITDA is forecasted to be approximately 9% above 2019. As we look at the current macroeconomic picture, it is important to consider how our outlook has shifted over the past six months. As the second quarter progressed, we started to see a moderation in volume at our hotels in San Francisco and Seattle, which were already affected by softer demand. At the same time, many high-end leisure travelers took the opportunity to travel internationally, and we did not see a corresponding level of international inbound demand, which impacted volume at our resorts. Against this backdrop, we were pleased to deliver positive RevPAR and TRevPAR growth for the quarter especially given the high watermark of the second quarter of 2022. We remain optimistic about the state of travel for several reasons. First, group business continues to improve. During the quarter, we booked over 310,000 group rooms for 2023, and total group revenue pace is now 4.2% ahead of the same time 2019 up from 2.5% as of March and 3.2% as of April. The group booking window is continuing to extend and groups continue to spend more than contracted. Second, business transient demand continued its gradual improvement during the second quarter. Rates were up 10% to both 2022 and 2019 and demand improved nearly 6% compared to the second quarter of 2022. While demand is still down 19% compared to 2019, and improved 190 basis points from the first quarter. Third, leisure rates at our resorts remain well above 2019 levels despite some expected moderation in the second quarter. For context, transient rates at our resorts were 61% above 2019 in the second quarter, an increase from 54% in the first quarter. Fourth, as evidenced by the airline and TSA data, we expect international demand to be a tailwind going forward. In June, U.S. international outbound air travel grew to 110% of pre-pandemic levels, while international inbound was only 80%. This aligns with U.S. outbound summer flight bookings, which are up 27% year-over-year, while corresponding inbound bookings were up only 3% according to rate gain. It is the first summer since 2019 that U.S. travelers had enough lead time to plan an unrestricted international vacation, and we expect these trends will revert over time. Finally, and most importantly, we are not seeing evidence of a weakened consumer at our hotels. Comparable hotel food and beverage spend was up 6% to last year, driven fairly evenly by banquets and outlets indicating the strength of both group and transient customers. This is particularly encouraging as outlet revenue grew 5% despite flat portfolio-wide occupancy. In fact, our resort outlet revenue per occupied room grew 5% in the second quarter compared to 2022, and it was also the highest in Hosts' history at $196. Other revenue also continued to grow, with all line items up over last year, except for attrition and cancellation fees, which are moderating as expected. Golf and spa revenues remain robust with growth over the record highs of 2022, which we believe is further evidence of the leisure travelers' desire and ability to spend on experiences. In fact, we still had five resorts with transient rates of $1,000 or more. Notably, the top three resorts were recent acquisitions, underscoring the strength of our opportunistic capital allocation strategy. Leading the pack was Alila Ventana Big Sur at nearly $1,800 and the Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort and Four Seasons Resort and Residences Jackson Hole, both at over $1,600. Moving to our reconstruction efforts following Hurricane Ian. In June, we completed the final phase of the restoration work at the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point, with the reopening of its water park and outdoor dining complex. And last month, we reopened the completely transformed Ritz-Carlton Naples, which combined a comprehensive renovation of the existing resort with the addition of a new 74 key tower. As part of the renovation, we expanded the guest room bathrooms to increase fixture counts elevated the design and functionality of the rooms and combine standard guestrooms to create multi-base suites. We also enhanced the arrival experience with a reimagined lobby and lobby bar. The development of the Vanderbilt Tower added a net 24 additional keys, increased the suite count to 92 from 35 and added new pools, cabanas, bungalows, a pull side F&B outlet with the bar and an expanded club lounge that eliminates the capacity constraint on upsells. In addition to the renovation and expansion, our reconstruction efforts allowed us to opportunistically enhance the resiliency of the property by elevating critical equipment, improving dry flood-proofing measures, accelerating future building envelope waterproofing and replacing major equipment with more efficient machinery. The transformation of the Ritz-Carlton Naples has been extremely well received since the reopening, and we are optimistic that the resort is set up to exceed our underwriting expectations. As an example, pace for the 2023 festive season is well above historical levels with the expanded suite inventory and new club level facilities and high demand. The new lobby champagne bar has quickly become the place to see and be seen and Naples for both guests and locals. We are extremely pleased with the transformation of this iconic resort and we are excited to see the results it delivers over the years to come. In terms of insurance proceeds related to Hurricane Ian, to date, we have received $113 million of the expected potential insurance recovery of approximately $310 million for covered costs. The proceeds have all been allocated to property managed thus far.  Turning to group. Revenue exceeded 2022 by 4%, marking the fourth consecutive quarter, group revenue exceeded 2019. Definite group room nights on the books for 2023 increased to $3.7 million in the second quarter which represents approximately 103% of comparable full year 2022 actual group room nights, up from 94% as of the first quarter. For full year 2023, group rate on the books is up 7% to the same time last year, a 30 basis point increase since the first quarter. In addition, total group revenue pace is up approximately 19% to the same time last year and up 4.2% to the same time 2019. Looking ahead to 2024, we have 2.2 million definite group room nights on the books. Total group revenue pace is up 13.5% to the same time last year and up 1.5% to the same time 2019. We are encouraged by the ongoing strength of group as evidenced by accelerating booking activity, lengthening booking windows and tentative room nights ahead of both last year and 2019. Moving to portfolio reinvestment. We completed comprehensive renovations at the final asset in the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, the Washington Marriott and Metro Center during the second quarter. The program, which began in 2018, included extensive guestroom and public area renovations at 16 assets and finished under budget. During the pandemic, we expanded our reinvestment strategy to include 8 additional assets with required near-term CapEx, where we believe significant upside could be realized with transformational renovations. To date, we have completed 7 of those 8 assets. We believe these comprehensive renovations will enable us to continue to capture incremental market share above our targeted range of 3 to 5 points of RevPAR index share gains and that is shaping up to be the case so far. Looking at results to date. Of the 7 hotels that have stabilized post-renovation operations, the average RevPAR index share gain is 8.8 points. For the full year, our 2023 capital expenditure guidance range is $625 million to $725 million, which reflects approximately $240 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects as well as $125 million to $175 million for hurricane restoration work. Remaining projects include the completion of a transformational renovation of the Fairmont Kea Lani, a repositioning renovation of the Hilton Singer Island and breaking ground on finishing Canyon Sweet villas and the luxury condominium development at Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort. More broadly, we will continue to be strategic and opportunistic in our approach to driving EBITDA growth. We have an investment-grade balance sheet, independent analytic capabilities, a diversified portfolio and the size, scale and team to continue executing across economic cycles. We have created meaningful shareholder value over the past six years by improving the quality of our cash flow, and we believe Hosts is ideally positioned to outperform in the current macroeconomic environment. With that, I will turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good afternoon, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our second quarter operations, our updated 2023 guidance and our balance sheet and dividends. Starting with business mix. Overall transient revenue was up 80 basis points to the second quarter of 2022, driven by rate growth, which offset a slight decrease in demand. Softening transient demand drove the miss to RevPAR guidance driven primarily by underperformance in San Francisco and Seattle and at our resorts to a lesser extent. Results in the second quarter saw transient revenue down 8% over the all-time high of the second quarter of 2022. While transient rate at resorts was down year-over-year, it was still 61% above 2019 after being up 54% compared to 2019. In fact, transient revenue at our resorts increased in the second quarter compared to the first quarter despite the slight decrease in demand. Business transient revenue was 16% above the second quarter of 2022, driven by a 10% rate increase. Demand also increased by nearly 6% above last year, driven by our hotels in New York, Boston and Washington, D.C. Our downtown properties accounted for 65% of the business transient demand, which is in line with pre-pandemic trends. Small and medium-sized businesses continue to drive the recovery, representing the majority of our business transient demand today.  Turning to group. Group room revenues were 4% above the second quarter of 2022, fully driven by rate growth. The 1.1 million group room nights sold in the quarter was slightly ahead of both last year and the first quarter, which aligns with 2019 seasonal trends. Washington, D.C., Chicago and Boston drove the group room revenue growth compared to 2022. With respect to group mix, corporate group room revenue was up 9% in the second quarter, driven by nearly 6% rate growth. As anticipated, Association Group's revenue was down almost 3% in the second quarter compared to last year, as the second quarter of 2022 had elevated association group volume driven by rebookings for events that were canceled during the pandemic. Social, military, educational, villages and fraternal or Smart Group revenue was up 3% in the second quarter, driven by 2.5% rate growth. Our 2024 total group revenue pace is above both 2022 and 2019, and we are encouraged by the citywide booking pace in New Orleans, San Diego, Seattle and Washington, D.C. all of which have citywide group room nights meaningfully ahead of the same time last year. Shifting gears to margin performance. Our second quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin came in at 32.7% which is 40 basis points better than the second quarter of 2019, but below the high watermark of the second quarter of 2022 when staffing at hotels lagged demand. Total comparable expenses grew just 7.5% over 2019, while total comparable revenues were up 7.8%. As expected, attrition and cancellation revenue moderated from 2022 levels during the second quarter. We are encouraged that comparable hotel EBITDA margin remains above 2019 despite elevated inflation over the past four years and occupancy still 8 points below 2019. As Jim noted, we tightened our full year comparable hotel RevPAR growth range to 7% to 9%. The RevPAR midpoint of 8% is 100 basis points less than our prior midpoint. But at the high end of the original guidance range we provided in February. We estimate that approximately 60 basis points of the midpoint decline is attributable to second quarter results and the remaining 40 basis points is attributable to our updated outlook for the second half of the year. While we have not yet seen signs of a macroeconomic-driven slowdown, our guidance range continues to contemplate varying degrees of moderating growth in the second half of the year. As a result, we would expect year-over-year comparable hotel RevPAR percentage changes in the second half of the year to be flat to up low single digits, primarily driven by occupancy.  At the midpoint of our guidance, we would expect a comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 29.9%, which is 40 basis points ahead of 2019 and full year adjusted EBITDAre of $1.550 billion. Keep in mind that the midpoint of our revised full year 2023 adjusted EBITDAre guidance is still $100 million above the original guidance we provided in February and down only $25 million from the guidance we provided in May. We expect our operational results to roughly follow 2019 quarterly seasonal trends as provided on Page 17 of our supplemental financial information. As a reminder, the third quarter of the year is historically the weakest of the four quarters in terms of both nominal dollars and margins due to seasonal market and business mix shifts. Our 2023 full year adjusted EBITDAre guidance includes an expected $17 million contribution from Hyatt Regency Coconut Point and the Ritz-Carlton Naples, both of which are excluded from our comparable hotel results due to impacts from Hurricane Ian. As we have discussed previously, the pre-hurricane estimated contribution from these two hotels including the new tower at Ritz-Carlton Naples was expected to be an additional $71 million in 2023. It is also important to note that we have not included any expected business interruption proceeds from Hurricane Ian in our 2023 guidance. As we have discussed over the past few quarters, year-over-year, we expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 210 basis points at the low end of our guidance to down 170 basis points at the high end due to stable staffing levels at our hotels, higher utility and insurance expenses and lower attrition and cancellation fees. We expect the biggest margin differential year-over-year to be in the second quarter with a narrowing margin spread in the second half of the year. For these reasons, we do not believe 2022 will present a stabilized comparison for margins. Relative to 2019, which is more representative year for margin comparison, we expect margins this year to be up 20 basis points at the low end of our guidance to up 60 basis points at the high end despite lagging occupancy and elevated inflation pressures over the past 4 years. Our efforts to transform the portfolio and evolve the hotel operating model are enabling this margin expansion. As we have discussed in the past, it is particularly impressive when you consider that our forecasted total hotel expense CAGR from 2019 to 2023 is only 1.6% versus the forecasted core CPI CAGR of 4% over the same period. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 4.7 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.5%, and we have no significant maturities until April 2024. We ended the second quarter at 2.2 times leverage, and we have $2.5 billion of total available liquidity, which includes of $213 million of FF&E reserves and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. In addition, during the second quarter, we achieved a milestone in our progress towards our renewable energy goal, resulting in a 2.5 basis point reduction in the interest rate on the outstanding term loans under our sustainability-linked credit facility. We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share, an increase of $0.03 or 25% over the prior quarter in July. Though we expect to maintain our quarterly dividend at a sustainable level, taking into consideration potential macroeconomic factors, all future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors. We remain optimistic on the future of our business and travel overall. In any scenario, we believe our portfolio, our balance sheet and our team are well positioned to continue outperforming and we will continue to be strategic in the current macroeconomic environment. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Duane Pfennigwerth : Thank you. I appreciate the macro stats that you shared. But do you have any way to track international inbound as a percent of your own portfolio? Where does that stand now versus pre-pandemic levels as a percentage of the mix?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, it's Jim. Pre-pandemic, international inbound accounted for roughly 10% of our room night. In quarter 2 of 2022, it was 7.8%. And that is compared to 7.4% in 2022 in the second quarter. So we feel that international inbound is a tailwind to our portfolio performance going forward. In particular, if you saw in the month of June, international inbound was only 80% of where it was in June of 2019. Outbound, as we've talked about, was 110% where it was in June of 2019. So as the world starts to normalize and hopefully, as we can right sort out the Visa wait times in the U.S., which are 400 days now on average, and it's a real drag on international inbound. As an example, Canada, you can get a visa from a country that they require Visa for travel to Canada in 55 days. So -- that is -- that's a big issue that we, as an industry, are dealing with through U.S. travel and through AHLA as well. The other impediment at this point in time with respect to international inbound in our West Coast markets, in particular, is travel from China. Pre-pandemic, we had 350 direct flights a week between the U.S. and China. As it sits today, we have '24. So we're optimistic that over time, things are going to normalize and that we're going to see the return of the international travel, which will further bolster our performance.
Duane Pfennigwerth: And then just for my follow-up on BI on the business interruption. As you think about growth into 2024, you'll have a natural recovery in Naples from the Ritz being back online. My guess is that would begin to contribute year-on-year in the fourth quarter. But from a growth perspective, what would be the ideal timing for BI reimbursement to hit?
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'll let Sourav jump in on this, but let me just kind of set the table with respect to how our insurance program works. We collected $113 million all related to restoration and physical damage repair. We have a $130 million receivable outstanding, and we won't start recognizing business interruption proceeds until we collect the $130 million at a minimum.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, Duane, on the timing, honestly, that's why we don't have it in our forecast. It's very difficult to say. We are working with the insurance carriers right now in terms of determining how much that BI amount is. So the collection of it could be certainly some amount in Q3 led into Q4 as well as into the following year. We actually got from Hurricane Ida, if you recall, which impacted New Orleans last year, we just got a $2.7 million BI payment this quarter. So the timing is very difficult to gauge. We fully expect, as we said, that we would be paid out. And it's certainly going to be a meaningful amount. The exact timing is very difficult to predict at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Aryeh Klein with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks. Good afternoon. Within the second quarter, was it June where you saw things not really play out as you expected? And then the magnitude of the implied impact to second half RevPAR in guidance is, I guess, less of the impact in Q2. Can you add some color on the underlying assumptions? And is there something in there that may be better than you originally expected?
Jim Risoleo: All right. Can you clarify that? Is this -- are you referring to the -- our assumptions with respect to the second half of the year?
Aryeh Klein: Yes. The first part was just on when you started to see the weakness in the second quarter? And the second part is, I think the RevPAR impact was 60 basis points, worse than expected in the second quarter and then another 40 basis points in the second half of the year. So just curious if you can give some more color on the second half and some of the underlying assumptions there -- how you expect that to play out if there's anything better or worse than you originally expected?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. So as we saw performance weekend in the month of June. That's really when it -- we saw the vast majority of the weakness occur. We went back at the property level and really look at the assumptions that were in the forecast with respect to transient pickup in the quarter for the quarter.  You may recall that we had transient pick up as high as 28% in the quarter for the quarter and another quarter with 20%. While that didn't materialize for the second quarter. So as we have talked about trends normalizing, we think that is a trend that is normalizing at this point in time. And we were very, I would say, thoughtful and deliberate about how we expected the second half of the year to play out. And we really washed out a meaningful amount of the transient pickup in the quarter for the quarter, and that led to our revised forecast. Is that helpful?
Aryeh Klein: Yes, I appreciate the color. And then just a quick other question. I think you have some seller financing coming up later this year. Any update there on how you expect that to play out?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Sure. Well, we had the loan on the Sheraton Boston matured. The maturity date was August 1, a few days ago. And the borrower was in the process of refinancing us out, and they need a little more time to do it. So we entered into an agreement with that borrower to provide for a 60-day extension. And it also involved the receipt of a 10% principal pay down on our loan, which was $16.1 million, and we have received that money. And we restated the interest rate from 6.5% to 12%. So that loan is now due at the end of September, but we materially improved our position on it, and I am very confident that the borrower is going to be able to get the financing done. The nuance was a condo regime that they were pursuing on the property to effectuate their business plan. They were going to convert 1 tower. They are going to convert 1 tower to student housing and leave the other tower as a hotel, and it was just taking a bit longer to effectuate the condo documents and the like to get it done. With respect to the loan on the Marquis, we have been in contact with the borrower and they are actively in the market pursuing a refinance. So we feel good that they're going to be able to get that deal done.
Aryeh Klein: Great. Thanks for all the color. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Your line is live. 
Anthony Powell : Hi, good afternoon. Just one for me. And I guess on the other side of the refinancing activity, you saw that an owner of a resort in May was able to get a hotel refinance with a cash out refi at a high rate, but good proceeds. So do you think that kind of ability limit kind of the number of deals that come to market in terms of your ability to maybe do some larger acquisitions here?
Jim Risoleo : Yeah, I think it really is very sponsor specific, market-specific and hotel-specific, Anthony. And the asset that you're referring to in Maui had been on the market for sale on more than 1 occasion, frankly. It's something that we obviously looked at that given our exposure on Maui and the assets that we own, it wasn't something that we could get excited about.  And whenever they could not effectuate a sale at the price that they wanted, they were able to get the deal done. Now that's a unique asset because it had -- as you know, the resort market is extremely strong, and it had really strong underlying cash flow, strong performance. It had undergone a renovation and had the right equity capital behind it as well. So there will be circumstances like the Maui property where sellers will be able to get an attractive refinance, but there are also going to be circumstances where all those boxes are in check whether or not the asset is not performing well, whether or not it's been reinvested in, whether or not it's in a market that a lender would find attractive to deploy capital to, so deploy money too. So I still believe that over time, given the fact that there have been so many assets that have not been reinvested in over the course of the pandemic and owners/borrowers are strapped for cash and they have to put capital into their hotels that we may see opportunities as later in this year and into 2024.
Anthony Powell : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Smedes Rose with Citi. Your line is live. 
Smedes Rose : Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask you a little more about the weaker-than-expected transient business in San Francisco and Seattle. And I think in San Francisco, maybe it's not all that surprising given kind of continued delays in their recovery and a lot of sort of ugly headline issues around quality of life. But in Seattle, do you do you ascribe the weakness to just kind of more of sort of local economic issues, maybe to do with the tech industry? Or are you also starting to see a pullback in because of sort of issues that, that city might be having as well? And is that going to become a drag longer term on the portfolio?
Sourav Ghosh : Hey, Smedes, it's -- with Seattle, we actually saw BT improve. So that was certainly not an issue with Seattle. It was just overall sort of anticipation of how much we could pick up not only in the quarter for the quarter, but really in the month for the month, there was sort of -- we started seeing the trend shift a little bit at the end of May into June. So for us, Seattle actually continues to be a relatively -- it was always a weaker market to begin with, at the beginning of this year, but there is signs, especially when you look into 2024, Citywide and just pace, there certainly is strength in the Seattle market moving forward. So this we attribute really to sort of short-term transient pickup. Overall, I mean, when you look at sort of Seattle, specifically BT revenue grew actually year-over-year by about 5%, and that was all rate driven by Amazon. Group room nights and total revenue production also exceeded our internal forecast. So it really was BT driven. It wasn't anything to do with group at all. So overall, we sort of -- sorry, leisure driven versus BT driven.
Smedes Rose : Okay. And then can I just follow up on that. When you -- as you reintroduce the Ritz-Carlton and you talked about the $71 million, I guess, that you lost through disruption. When -- what sort of time frame would you expect to recoup that? Is that something that will happen all in 2023? Or how are you thinking about that?
Jim Risoleo : Well, I think this goes to the earlier question regarding the receipt of timing of business interruption proceeds. And we haven't put the BI in our forecast because we just don't know when we're going to receive it. But I'm hopeful that certainly through the course of 2024, we should be able to close out most, if not all, of the claim associated with Hurricane Ian, and we do anticipate very strong performance from both the Ritz and the Hyatt Regency next year as well.
Smedes Rose : Okay. But do you think -- I mean I was asking about the business interruption and more about recouping the EBITDA that was lost and getting back to getting that $71 million back just from operations. Do you think that's a 2024?
Jim Risoleo : That is -- barring a macroeconomic meltdown, that will certainly happen throughout the course of 2024. I mean it's a seasonal property. We're very pleased with the pace that we're seeing around festive, which is really December, January, February -- December, January and then that the property really takes off in that period of time in the first quarter. So there is incredible enthusiasm for the new offerings at the hotel, at the resort in Naples. It's a really unique property, and we're very optimistic that it's going to perform very well. And we should between those two assets over the course of 2024, rebuild our $71 million that we lost this year due to.
Sourav Ghosh : Smedes, just want to clarify here for you understand, we are actually picking up combined for a non-comparable hotels, which includes Coconut Point and Ritz Naples $17 million in the adjusted EBITDA number. So it's not in our hotel EBITDAre, but it is in our adjusted EBITDAre. That's for 2023. So the 2024, $71 million, which we're saying, that's incremental to that $17 million. None of that $71 million is really in the '23 number, if that makes sense.
Smedes Rose : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from David Katz with Jefferies. Your line is live. 
David Katz : Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to the expense side because it's come up a handful of times around the cost of labor. One, as a function of just being fully staffed on a comparable basis versus last year, but two, the actual per person cost of it and whether that's going up.  And secondarily, we've talked before about the cost of insurance, and I just wanted to get an update there as well, please.
Sourav Ghosh : Sure. I think we had messaged before that our wage rate growth for this year, we expect it to be around 5%. And that we are still holding to that. And thus far, when you look through our expenses, we have actually performed pretty well on our expenses, and you can see that in our margin expansion relative to 2019. For the second quarter as well as what we are expecting for the full year to the midpoint being 40 basis points.  So labor-wise, we still expect a 5% rate growth. We are seeing all the productivity improvement improvements we made as a result of redefining our operating model, still holding and certainly something that is sustainable, which is driving the margin expansion to 2019. As far as insurance goes, we had baked into the forecast approximately 50% premium increase. Our renewal was in June 1. We maintained our coverage and the limits that we had previously. So no change to that. The overall rate increase was about 38%, and the premium increase, like I said, was close to 50%. So for the full year, which is already in our forecast and was in our forecast, insurance expense is expected to go up about 40% year-over-year, which equates to approximately $61 million for 2023.
David Katz: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Bellisario with Baird. Your line is live.
Michael Bellisario : Thanks. Good afternoon everyone. Just one question for me on the group booking front. Can you provide some color just on what markets you're seeing pick up momentum? And there are also any markets in the portfolio that were either softer or you see softening or maybe just leveling off as you look out to the back half of the year in '24? Thank you. 
Sourav Ghosh : Sure. For specifically for 2024, as Jim mentioned, our total group revenue pace is ahead to 2019 by 1.5%. And just to remind you, when we were looking sort of -- in the end of last year, we were actually down double digits in total revenue pace and that improved to down about 4.4% to '19 in the first quarter, and now it's actually positive. So we're seeing really positive activity and momentum when it comes to 2024 pace. For our specific portfolio, where we are seeing PACE very strong is Atlanta, Chicago, New Orleans, New York, Phoenix, San Diego, as mentioned earlier, Seattle and Washington, D.C. And that wraps with sort of the citywide pace improvement as well, where we're seeing positive city-wise, better than '19 and for New Orleans, San Diego, Seattle and D.C.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bill Crow with Raymond James. Your line is live. 
Bill Crow : Thanks, good afternoon. Jim, help me understand this leisure normalization that we're all talking about. Because implicit in your remarks, at least I took it that maybe rate is staying strong, but demand is off. We heard from a peer this morning that said, rate is down 10% in one of their markets, but demand is strong. I guess I'm trying to figure out what you're seeing out there. Is it on the demand side? Is it on the rate side? Is it both on leisure normalization? 
Jim Risoleo : Sure, Bill. We had always anticipated in our forecasting that rate was going to back off a bit. I mean we never believe that rate was going to be sustainable relative to where it was in 2019. And certainly, in -- second quarter 2022 was an anomaly on many, many fronts, given Omicron in Q1. So we assume rate was going to come down, and it did. I think our leisure rate came down about 7% all in all.  That said, it was still 61% higher than where it was in Q2 2019. What we didn't anticipate, and I don't think anybody anticipated if you look at the commentary of travel-related companies in general, whether they're the car rental companies or the airlines was the desire by the U.S. consumer to travel abroad. And that is where we saw the softness in our leisure business because we didn't pick up the volume that we anticipated that we would. I think our total leisure occupancy was down by one percentage point. So it was nothing meaningful by any stretch of the imagination. Rates are still at record levels. As you saw in the release, TRevPAR was up 3.8%.  So we're still seeing very healthy out-of-room spend, whether it's at outlets or golf spa and otherwise. I mean we had a record outlet spend per occupied room, I think, of $193 or $196 in the quarter. So I don't know if people are going to go to Europe every quarter or if they're going to go to Europe in the second quarter of next year. But clearly, this was a phenomena that I think everyone missed -- and we're just very -- we're very comfortable with how the resorts have performed in general. Certainly, from a rate perspective, the issue was really a slowdown in volume.
Bill Crow : If I could just pursue that just a little bit more because you talked about this normalization and kind of we call it the travel -- the international travel imbalance. But it's been kind of three years of pent-up demand. So it seems like that could continue for a while longer. And I'm just curious, and you probably don't have an answer, but yours is better than mine. Are we going to be talking about continued normalization next year?
Jim Risoleo : I hope we can get -- frankly, Bill, I hope we can get beyond talking about 2019 and in 2022 and say, okay, 2023 is the year we look at, and it's a new benchmark in our new base year going forward.  So normalization to occur in 2024, I frankly think that, that's a tailwind to us. And it really is a tailwind because we're international inbound performed in the second quarter. And some of the issues we talked about with respect to flights from China and visa wait times and things of that nature. I mean, we just didn't see any pickup in in our resort properties or elsewhere, frankly, from the international inbound travel. I mean we had 10% of our room nights in 2019. We were 7.8%.  So again, I think it's a positive for us going forward. And I think it's positive for the industry going forward. We're certainly not seeing anyone remain in the consumer is very healthy. We're not seeing them rein in their spending.
Bill Crow : Great, thanks. Jim, appreciated.
Jim Risoleo : Sure, Bill. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Tyler Batory with Oppenheimer. Your line is live. 
Tyler Batory : Good afternoon. Thank you. I just want to stick on the leisure topic for a minute here. And just a multipart question. I mean a lot of the commentary relates to your resort properties. I'm also interested in what you're seeing urban leader, specifically on the weekends, that's following a similar trajectory in terms of a softness that you're experiencing on the resort side. And then just kind of a follow-up, thinking about revenue management. If demand slows further from here at your resort properties? Would you look to hold on to occupancy and lower rates or maybe you want to hold on to rate and you're okay sacrificing some occupancy? Just trying to think through some of the scenarios there.
Jim Risoleo : Yeah. I will answer the second part of your question first, and I'll let Sourav talk to the first part regarding urban leisure. That's a tricky question to answer about really looking at the proper yield management strategies. You flow a much greater percentage of ADR to the bottom line than you do a plan occupancy. And I think one of the things that has been really encouraging over the course of the last several years is the fact that, generally, across the board, properties have held rates and rate integrity has remained intact.  And there would have to be a real meaningful trade-off, i.e., significant pickup in occupancy before we would consider cutting rate. Because once you cut rate, it's difficult to go back to the other direction. And as I said, we saw a 1% reduction in occupancy in Q2 and rate was still 60% above where it was in the second quarter of 2019. And it really just flows to the bottom line and has a meaningful impact on margin performance.
Sourav Ghosh : Yeah. And on the leisure front, when you're looking at the urban hotels, they actually were pretty consistent overall. We didn't see the same level of drop off if you will, in terms of the demand. And we saw a little more consistent short term in the quarter for the quarter pickup with the exception, obviously, of San Francisco and Seattle, as we mentioned.  But overall, when you look at sort of our overall other market performance, we were actually up in rate 6.3% and for a convention portfolio, about 5.1% overall for that. And while resort was actually down about 12%. So definitely had a more stable performance even when we looked at the holiday performance during the quarter.
Tyler Batory : Okay. I appreciate that detail. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Chris Woronka : Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for all the detail so far. Question is on the tail that you expect to get from the capital transformation program. I think you mentioned eight of the hotels are fully stabilized and you're getting the 9 points. Just how long does that last? What about the other, I guess, eight or nine hotels? And then does that make you want to -- I think you mentioned there were two others that you renovated that weren't in the original program. That make you, Jim, want to look at even more hotels and as other owners are dealing with issues and maybe not fully keeping up on their own capital?
Jim Risoleo : The short answer to the second part of your question, Chris, is we will continue to be opportunistic and where we see an opportunity to do a transformational renovation and I want to underline the word transformational because I think that is why we are seeing the outperformance that we are achieving in the recently renovated and stabilized properties. We have the balance sheet. We have the capital. We have the team internally to execute on those types of opportunities, and we will certainly look to deploy capital where we think we can achieve better than 3 to 5 points in yield index. To answer your question with respect to how long does it last? Well, I suppose I could tell you that it would last until the property looks hard, and we have to renovate it again. And that's probably you're talking a seven-year cycle generally for a rooms renovation seven to eight years, roughly. So we are really optimistic that we were able to deploy the type of capital that we did into our properties over the course of the pandemic, and we expect to see future strong outperformance going forward.
Chris Woronka : Okay, very helpful. Thanks, Jim. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is live. 
Robin Farley : Great. Thanks. I just wanted to understand a little bit better your guidance for second half margin. You have declines kind of moderating from Q2, but RevPAR not necessarily much stronger. So just kind of wondering how you are comfortable because a lot of the factors you mentioned, I would think could still have tough comps in terms of labor costs and cancellations -- fewer cancellation fees. So just any color there you can give us?
Sourav Ghosh : Yeah, Robin. I mean, when you look at sort of our guidance and I'll speak to dollars perspective, we basically took it down, what, about $25 million, as you mentioned in our prepared remarks. And we would attribute about $17 million really to the second quarter and about $8 million -- sorry, $18 million for the second quarter and then $7 million, call it, for the second half. And the way you look at sort of the RevPAR growth that we're assuming, we effectively looked at the short-term pickup market by market and we expected in the quarter for the quarter pickup and really scrubbed that to get to the RevPAR growth of low single-digit growth for the second half. On the expense side, the expense drivers that we effectively flowed through was all revenue driven. So when you look at the second quarter as well, the relative drop in terms of margin to what we had guided to was more than 80% all revenue driven. So we feel very comfortable with all the expense growth that we have in there. The only thing we did moderate is also food and beverage revenue, which obviously just given Q2 ends, we moderated that. That flows through the food and beverage department line as well as impact margins. So we feel very comfortable in terms of our expense forecast for the second half. relative to the revenue growth that we have.
Robin Farley : Okay. Great. Thank you. And I don't know if I heard you guys mention an expectation for corporate negotiated rate for next year?
Sourav Ghosh : No, we did not. That will not start until really later in August. So we'll have more color as to what that will be shaping up like probably on our third quarter call as we typically do.
Robin Farley : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you so much. Our final question will be coming from Dori Kesten of Wells Fargo. Your line is live. 
Dori Kesten : You mentioned a few times washing out the short-term transient pickup in the second half of the year. What would your guidance look like if the pickup was comparable to 2019?
Sourav Ghosh : What it would look like if it was in terms of the transient pickup being comparable to 2019 because we're obviously off from a BT perspective, meaningfully we are off by 20%. The group for night on also off. So It's kind of difficult to say relative to '19 in terms of room night because are up in rate, right? So I don't have exactly what that number would be, if our rate was held exactly at '19, and we had the same amount of resin.
Dori Kesten : Okay. I guess I'll ask a second one. So you've talked about the healthy out of room spend. And I think year-to-date, the RevPAR to to RevPAR growth spreads about 200 basis points. And so I'm just trying grout -- like what do you see in the second half of the year that leads you to believe by year-end, room and out of them spend growth should converge?
Sourav Ghosh : So when you look at where the food and beverage came in for the second quarter relative to '19. It was certainly lower, and that was really being driven by sort of the type of groups that we actually got in second quarter and a lot of the rebookings that took place during the pandemic that were in Q2.  When you look forward into Q3 and Q4, -- our -- as we mentioned earlier, third quarter is our weakest group quarter. So food and beverage and Banco will be lower as well in Q3, but Q4 is a strong group quarter for us. And that's where we feel like food and beverage should perform well in the fourth quarter just based on the catering pace that we have.  And as a reminder, I've been banking catering contribution with the metric you look at, which is up 20% in Q1 that was up over 6% in Q2 as well. So that we still have we still building on the strength of banquet and AV going forward in the second half as well as the outlook performance of our resorts, which, by the way, on a per occupied room basis was 46% above 2019.
Dori Kesten : Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. So I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Jim Risoleo for any closing comments you may have.
Jim Risoleo : I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on our second quarter call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you -- we hope you enjoy the rest of your summer, and we look forward to seeing many of you in person this fall. Thanks again. .
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterdays earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on todays call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. We kicked off the first quarter of 2023 with meaningful outperformance, delivering a RevPAR improvement of 31% compared to the first quarter of 2022, exceeding the top end of our first quarter RevPAR guidance by 4 percentage points. During the first quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $444 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.55. Our comparable hotel EBITDA of $439 million in the first quarter was 18% above 2019 and 44% above 2022, driven by both occupancy increases and continued rate strength, particularly in the group business segment at our downtown hotels. First quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 32.5% was meaningfully ahead of 2022 and exceeded 2019 for the fourth consecutive quarter. Our strong performance in the first quarter, coupled with our improved outlook for the year, allowed us to substantially raise and tighten our full year RevPAR growth guidance range to 7.5% to 10.5%, nearly doubling the midpoint of our full year expected RevPAR growth to 9% from 5% last quarter. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter since the onset of the pandemic that we have achieved RevPAR, adjusted EBITDAre and EBITDA margins ahead of 2019. And at the midpoint, our full year 2023 RevPAR guidance is 7% above 2019. Our outperformance is a result of the capital allocation decisions made over the last 6 years and our unwavering focus on expense control and margin improvement. It is worth noting that at the 9% midpoint, we raised our adjusted EBITDA guidance by $125 million, which is significantly above our first quarter outperformance of over $40 million relative to consensus. Lastly, at the midpoint of our range, our full year 2023 EBITDA is forecasted to be 3% above 2019. We are also providing second quarter comparable hotel RevPAR growth guidance of 4% to 6%. Sourav will discuss our updated guidance assumptions in a few minutes. On the capital allocation front, during the first quarter, we sold the 277-key Camby Autograph Collection Hotel in Phoenix, Arizona, for $110 million or 14.3x trailing 12-month EBITDA. When calculating the EBITDA multiple, we included approximately $23 million of estimated foregone near-term CapEx. In connection with the sale, we provided a $72 million loan to the purchaser with up to an additional $12 million available for a property improvement plan not to exceed a 65% loan-to-cost ratio. During the quarter, we also repurchased 3.2 million shares at an average price of $15.65 per share through our common share repurchase program, bringing our total repurchases for the quarter to $50 million. Over the past 2 quarters, we have repurchased $77 million of stock at an average repurchase price of $15.75 per share. We have approximately $923 million of remaining capacity under the repurchase program. We continue to be optimistic about the state of travel today despite the underlying uncertainty in the economy and lack of clear visibility in the second half of the year. We are not seeing any signs of a slowdown and our outlook for the rest of the year has improved since our last earnings call. Leisure rates remain well above 2019 levels and the moderation we saw in the second half of last year plateaued in the first quarter. For context, transient rates at our resorts were 54% above 2019 in the first quarter, which was in line with the fourth quarter. On the group front, in the first quarter, we booked over 500,000 group rooms for 2023 and total group revenue pace is now 2.5% ahead of the same time in 2019. The group booking window is extending as most of our top markets picked up more group rooms for 2024 in the first quarter than the same time 2019. While business transient demand is continuing to evolve, rates in the first quarter were up 10% to 2019, with demand holding steady compared to the fourth quarter. Turning to first quarter results, comparable hotel RevPAR for the first quarter was approximately $218, a 31% improvement over the first quarter of 2022 and a 7.4% improvement over the first quarter of 2019. Comparable hotel revenues in the first quarter were up 11% over 2019 and 34% over 2022, respectively, while comparable hotel operating expenses were up only 9% over 2019 and 30% over 2022. Transient revenue was 13% above the first quarter of 2022 as a result of increased occupancy and easier comparisons due to Omicron, which allowed our managers to push rate higher. Revenue growth was primarily driven by our downtown hotels. Our resort properties continue to outperform with 1% transient rate growth over 2022. In the first quarter, we had 6 resorts with transient rates above $1,000, led by the Four Seasons Resort in Residence, Jackson Hole at nearly $3,000 and the Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort at over $2,000. As a reminder, Hyatt Coconut Point and the Ritz-Carlton, Naples are both excluded from our comparable hotel results due to impacts from Hurricane Ian. Hyatt Coconut Point has been opened since November, and the final phase of restoration is expected to complete in mid-June with the reopening of its water park complex. The Ritz-Carlton Naples remains closed. However, we are nearing the end of our reconstruction efforts, which will enhance the resiliency of the property by elevating critical equipment, improving dry flood proofing measures and replacing major equipment with more efficient machinery. We have targeted reopening the resort, including the new 74-key tower expansion in July. We are excited to showcase the transformational repositioning of the Ritz-Carlton Naples. As of today, we have received $98 million of insurance proceeds of the expected potential insurance recovery of approximately $310 million for covered costs. The proceeds received to date have all been classified as property damage. As a reminder, these two properties were expected to contribute an additional $71 million of EBITDA this year, which is not included in our full year guidance. Turning to group. This is the third consecutive quarter group revenue exceeded 2019, driven by 14% rate growth over the same time in 2019 with over 1 million group room nights sold. Definite group room nights on the books for 2023 increased to $3.4 million in the first quarter. Which represents approximately 94% of comparable full year 2022 actual group room nights, up from 80% as of the fourth quarter of 2022. Total group revenue for the first quarter was 7% ahead of 2019, driven by continued elevated banquet and AV spend. For full year 2023, Group rate on the books is up over 6% to the same time last year, a 90 basis point increase since the fourth quarter. In addition, total group revenue pace is up approximately 25% to the same time last year. We continue to be very encouraged by the large group base we have on the books, particularly when you consider that our  in the quarter for the quarter bookings, remain elevated at 28% above the same time 2019. Sourav will touch on additional operational details and our updated 2023 outlook in a few minutes. Our recent acquisitions continue to contribute to our outperformance and are meaningfully ahead of our underwriting expectations. Based on full year 2023 forecast, EBITDA from the 8 hotels we acquired in 2021 and 22 is comfortably within our targeted range of 10 to 12x and well ahead of our underwritten stabilization period. Looking back on our transaction activity since 2018, we have acquired $3.5 billion of assets at a 14x EBITDA multiple and disposed of $5 billion of assets at a 17x EBITDA multiple, including $976 million of estimated foregone capital expenditures. Comparing all owned hotel 2022 results for our current portfolio to 2017, we have increased the RevPAR of our assets by 9%, the TRevPAR by 15% and the EBITDA per key by 31%. Moving on to portfolio reinvestment, during the first quarter, we completed comprehensive renovations at the Marriott Marquis San Diego Marina, bringing the number of completed properties in the Marriott Transformational Capital Program to 15 out of 16 assets. The final property in that program, the Washington Marriott and Metro Center, is underway, and we expect it to be completed in May. We also completed our comprehensive renovation of the Westin Georgetown, Washington, D.C. during the quarter. In addition to these completed renovations, we are excited to announce our plans to develop and sell 40 fee-simple condominiums on a 5-acre development parcel at Golden Oak in Orlando, adjacent to our Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort. The development will feature a 31-unit mid-rise condominium building and 9 detached condominium villas. We signed a contract to purchase the 5-acre development parcel for an additional $30 million at the time the resort was acquired. We are targeting a mid- to high teens cash-on-cash return for this ROI development project. Construction is expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2023 and complete in the fourth quarter of 2025 with sales tentatively scheduled to commence in the first half of 2024. For the full year, our 2023 capital expenditure guidance range remains at $600 million to $725 million which reflects approximately $275 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning and ROI projects and $100 million to $125 million for hurricane restoration work. The projects include a transformational renovation of the Fairmont Kea Lani, the Phoenician Canyon Suites Villa expansion, the Four Seasons Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort luxury condominium development and completing construction of the tower expansion, guestroom renovation and lobby transformation, a Ritz-Carlton Naples Beach, which was delayed by Hurricane Ian. In closing, we are very pleased with our strong first quarter performance and our improved outlook for the rest of the year. We believe Host is well positioned to outperform in the current macroeconomic environment. We have a best-in-class balance sheet. We are diversified across geographies and business mix. We have redefined the operating model and we have transformed our portfolio through reinvestments in transactions, which taken together have dramatically improved the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. With that, I will turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jims comments, I will go into detail on our first quarter operations, our updated 2023 guidance and our balance sheet and dividend. Starting with business mix, overall transient revenue was up 13% to the first quarter of 2022 driven by over 9 points of occupancy growth and continued strength in leisure rates. Our downtown hotels led revenue growth as strong demand fueled significant rate increases. Holiday performance in the first quarter was strong, particularly at our downtown hotels. Downtown hotels saw increased leisure demand over last year, gaining more than 10 points of occupancy for both Martin Luther King Jr. and Presidents Day weekends. Downtown properties also drove overall portfolio spring break RevPAR growth of 7%, which is quite impressive when you consider the elevated resort comparisons from the "mother of all spring breaks" last year. Quickly looking forward to holidays in the second quarter, room revenue pace is up low single digits over last year for Memorial Day, Juneteenth and the fourth of July. Resorts in the first quarter saw an overall RevPAR increase of approximately 5% compared to 2022. As expected, the return of Caribbean tourism let consumer hesitancy to travel to downtown markets and lower repeat travel to Florida markets impacted performance at our resorts. However, the impact was not as significant as we expected. And it is notable that Miami, Jacksonville and the Florida Gulf Coast are still significantly outpacing 2019 RevPAR levels by an average of over 30%. Our resorts in Hawaii achieved 11% RevPAR growth over last year, entirely driven by rate. Business transient revenue was down 14% to the first quarter of 2019, which represents a 400 basis point sequential improvement to the fourth quarter. Downtown properties accounted for over 60% of the portfolios business travel demand and small and medium-sized businesses continue to drive the recovery, representing approximately 75% of our business transient demand today compared to approximately 60% at the same time in 2019. It is also worth noting that business transient revenue was only down 7% to 2019 in the month of March. Turning to group. This marks the third quarter that group revenue has surpassed 2019 levels. Group room revenues were 4% above the first quarter of 2019, driven by a 14% rate growth. Phoenix, San Diego and Miami, drove group room revenue growth compared to 2019. The short-term booking trend continued with a pickup of 102,000 room nights or 28% of rooms booked in the quarter for the quarter. Near half of the in the quarter for the quarter rooms booked were in San Francisco, Washington, D.C. and New York. Corporate group room revenue was above 2019 for the third consecutive quarter, up 6% in the fourth quarter, driven by 26% rate growth. Association Group revenue has nearly recovered down just 2% in the first quarter compared to 2019, driven by 1% rate growth. Wrapping up on group with social, military, educational, religious and fraternal or SMERF groups, revenue was 12% above 2019, driven by 8% rate growth. Shifting gears to margin performance. Our first quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin came in at 32.5% which is 175 basis points better than the fourth quarter of 2019 and 220 basis points better than the first quarter of 2022. All departments had margin improvements compared to 2019. Compared to 2022, all departments, except for other revenues had margin improvement as attrition and cancellation revenue was below 2022. Margin expansion can be attributed primarily to rate growth, banquet and AV growth and our efforts to redefine the operating model, and we are encouraged that we were able to maintain last quarters margin expansion compared to 2019 in the first quarter. Turning to our updated 2023 guidance. We significantly raised and tightened our full year comparable hotel RevPAR growth range to 7.5% to 10.5%. Our improved outlook is driven by outperformance in the first quarter, better visibility into the second quarter and continued strong group booking activity in the second half of the year. As it relates to the business transient recovery, it is worth noting that we may not see a decrease in demand if a slowdown occurs in other parts of our business as business transient demand is still not fully recovered to 2019 levels. Given the continued macroeconomic uncertainty, our guidance range contemplates a varying degree of a slowdown in the second half of the year, particularly for the Group segment. Further improvement will continue to depend on the broader macroeconomic environment, our ability to maintain high rated business in resort markets and the continued improvement of group, business transient and international inbound travel. In this context, we would expect year-over-year comparable hotel RevPAR percentage changes in the second half of the year to be up low single digits at the midpoint of our guidance. As Jim mentioned, at the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate comparable hotel RevPAR growth of 9% compared to 2022, comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 30.2% and with a 65 basis points ahead of 2019 and full year adjusted EBITDAre of $1.585 billion. We expect our operational results to roughly follow 2019 quarterly seasonal trends as provided on Page 13 of our supplemental financial information. As a reminder, our 2023 full year adjusted EBITDAre guidance includes an expected $17 million contribution from Hyatt Coconut Point and the Ritz-Carlton, Naples, both of which are excluded from our comparable hotel results due to impacts from Hurricane Ian. The $17 million expected contribution from these two hotels is up from $11 million as of our year-end guidance as a result of better performance at the Hyatt Coconut Point. The pre-hurricane estimated contribution from these two hotels, including the new tower at the Ritz-Carlton, Naples, was expected to be an additional $71 million in 2023. It is also important to note that we have not included any expected business interruption proceeds from Hurricane Ian in our 2023 guidance. In addition, we removed approximately $5 million of adjusted EBITDAre associated with the sale of The Camby from our full year guidance range. As we discussed last quarter, and noted throughout 2022, year-over-year, we expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down 200 basis points at the low end of our guidance to down 130 basis points at the high end due to closer to stable staffing levels at our hotels, higher utility and insurance expenses and lower attrition and cancelation fees. It is important to note that we expect margins in 2023 relative to 2019 to be up 25 basis points at the low end of our guidance to up 95 basis points at the high end. Despite lagging occupancy and 4 years of inflationary pressures, this reflects our efforts to transform the portfolio and evolve the hotel operating model. As we have discussed in the past, it is particularly impressive when you consider that our forecasted total hotel expense CAGR from 2019 to 2023 is only 1.8% versus the forecasted core CPI CAGR of 4% over the same period. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 5 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.5% and we have no significant maturities until April 2024. We ended the fourth quarter at 2.2x net leverage, and we have $2.3 billion of total available liquidity, which includes $203 million of FF&E reserves and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. Wrapping up, in April, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share. All future dividends are subject to approval by the companys Board of Directors though we expect to be able to maintain our quarterly dividend at a sustainable level, taking into consideration potential macroeconomic factors. To conclude, we are very pleased with our recent operational performance, particularly relative to 2019 and our outlook for the remainder of the year is cautiously optimistic. In any scenario, we believe our portfolio, our balance sheet and our team are well positioned to continue outperforming, and we will continue to be strategic in the current macroeconomic environment. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Aryeh Klein at BMO Capital Markets. Aryeh, your line is live.
Aryeh Klein: Hi, thanks and good morning. Sorry about that. Just maybe relative to the prior outlook whats been the biggest surprise to the upside thats giving you the confidence to increase the outlook particularly in the second half of the year?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Aryeh, I think the fact that all three segments, its not isolated to any one of our business segments, but all three segments are really firing on all cylinders. We havent seen any slowdown in the leisure segment, as Sourav mentioned, were up 5% in RevPAR growth in Q1 in the leisure segment of our business, and we had six resorts that had transient revenues of $1,000 or greater. So its apparent to us that the well-heeled leisure consumer continues to want experiences. They want experiential experiences. The shift from goods to travel and other experiences has occurred and its real and its very sticky. And thats notwithstanding the fact that we anticipated that there was going to be a natural migration out of the resorts as people got more comfortable traveling internationally to the Caribbean, to Europe and to other places and going back to our downtown hotels. Which leads me to the next piece of the business. Our downtown hotels have really seen business return in a material way. And not only business transient but leisure business. So we feel really good about the way the recovery is unfolding and the way things are pacing for the leisure consumer. Group is really firing on all cylinders. Total group revenue pace is now up 2.5% to the same time in 2019. Group rate on the books for 2023 is up nearly 6.4% to the same time last year, and thats a 90 basis point increase since the fourth quarter. Were still seeing, as Sourav mentioned, a significant amount of bookings occurring in the quarter for the quarter. I think last quarter it was 28% compared to 2019. Were up 3.4 million room nights definite on the books now. Thats 94% of 2022 actual relative to where we were in last quarter, I think it was about 80%, somewhere in that range. So we saw a significant pickup and business transient continues to evolve as well. Were seeing the recovery in BT led by small and medium-sized businesses. As well as increased rate being driven by special corporate. So I think its all of the segments are really firing on all cylinders. And Ill let Sourav add a little more color on BT.
Sourav Ghosh: Hey, Aryeh, I think specifically, when you look at the second half, what really gives us confidence is the group booking activity for the second half, we picked up 237,000 room nights. Just to put that into perspective, thats 35% more than what we picked up in Q1 of 19 for the second half of 19. So real apart from just in the quarter for the quarter group pickup, it was really encouraging to see meaningful activity not only for Q2. Q2, we picked up about 180,000 room nights, thats 13% above 19 but also for the second half of the year.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: The last thing I would add is that as we thought about Q2 in connection with our fourth quarter call, we were looking at a scenario where we were anticipating flat RevPAR growth for Q2. Now we have given you RevPAR growth of 4% to 6%.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks for that color. And if I could just ask on Orlando and the condo development there, if you could just give a little additional context on that decision, maybe what you expect the total cost to be and whether or not there are similar types of opportunities that you could potentially pursue?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. The thought behind the condo development adjacent to our Four Seasons Resort was an ROI project that we anticipate is going to generate cash-on-cash returns in the mid- to high teens on the development and sell-out as a stand-alone venture, they are going to be Four Seasons branded units, which is a very, very attractive branding to have whenever youre building and selling something of this nature. Additionally, what we have been taken into consideration is the uplift that the hotel is going to received from having these 40 additional units adjacent to it in terms of food and beverage spend, spa spend, golf spend, all the ancillary revenues that are going to be driven, which we believe are real and sustainable at the hotel property. So the total cost is going to be somewhere in the area in $150 million to $170 million. And with respect to whether or not we have other opportunities, as you know, we have an ongoing pipeline of ROI projects that Host. And we are constantly working on additional ways to enhance shareholder value through deploying capital in ROI projects. To remind you of some of the ones that weve done in the past, we built 19 villas at the Andaz Wailea on Maui. We built the AC Kierland on a parking lot at Westin Kierland Resort in Phoenix. Were doing the expansion of the Phoenix of the Canyon Suites at the Phoenician. So we have other projects in the pipeline, but we have always been very thoughtful, I think, with respect to our messaging, and we do not message these projects until were confident that we have the entitlements and were confident that were going to move forward with them.
Aryeh Klein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Anthony Powell at Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. Question about, I guess, youre growing a bridge loan book. I think you have two loans expiring later this year. Have you started to talk with the borrowers about extending those loans? And just generally, how much capital are you willing to have tied up in these loans going forward?
Jim Risoleo: Well, I think, Anthony, that we expect both of the loans on the share  both Sheratons to be repaid in the second half of the year. The loans are in compliance with the loan documents, payments are current. Both of the borrowers fully anticipate that they are going to be in a position to pay us back. So we have no concerns with respect to getting repaid on those loans. With respect to the Camby, it was a unique situation. We had acquired the Four Season Jackson Hole in 2022. And we made a decision that Camby wasnt an asset that we needed to own or wanted to own for the long-term, given the amount of CapEx that needed to go into the property and our terrific exposure in the Phoenix metropolitan area with the Phoenician and the Westin Kierland weve got, I think the two best resorts in the market. There is some new supply coming into the Phoenix area. And we made a decision that at $110 million, it made sense to sell that hotel. We wanted to make certain that we could take advantage of the reverse like-kind exchange opportunity by investing by designating the proceeds from that asset as a reverse like-kind exchange into the Four Season Jackson Hole property because we had a very low basis in the asset. So that was one of the reasons that drove us to provide solid financing. Ill just  Ill make a broader comment. First of all, I dont see us doing this on any broad scale. And its for a number of reasons. Number one, we dont  were  the portfolio is in a really terrific position right now. Given the capital allocation decisions that weve made over the last 6 years, from 2018 forward, we have sold $5 billion plus of assets and really have called the assets that we dumped, but we didnt want to own for the long-term out of the portfolio. So I dont see us doing many more bridge loans, if any more bridge loans today. But the assets that we have sold, not greater than I think 65% to 70% loan to value. So weve gotten a nice slug of equity in connection with the sale. And if something were to go south, what we do for a living is on hotels. So I wouldnt bother us at all if we had to take a property back.
Anthony Powell: Thank you for the detail
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Smedes Rose at Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask you just a little bit more on the group side as kind of what youre seeing in terms of kind of the composition of demand? Is it mainly coming from smaller groups? Or are you seeing a return of kind of Fortune 500 bookings and kind of maybe you could talk about that a little bit? And then just with that, could you just touch on what youre seeing in some of the larger relatively recently renovated marquee properties in San Diego, San Francisco and maybe New York.
Sourav Ghosh: Hi, Smedes. On the group front, it is certainly more so being driven by smaller corporate groups. One thing which came back meaningfully and I talked about this in my prepared remarks, was Association is now down only 2% in terms of group revenue to 2019. Corporate group revenue up 6% to 19% and 26% was driven by rate in the first quarter. So a meaningful pickup in corporate group revenue  the gap right now, I would say, is really on citywides. We are, for 2023, about 83% of where citywide room nights were back in on 2019. So there is still a long way to go in terms of citywide pickup. But overall, what really is picking up, we saw corporate group continuing in last year and multiple quarters, and we saw the same thing happen in Q1, but the big comeback has really been association, which we are seeing meaningful activity not only into Q2, but as well as the second half.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thanks. And then just quickly on your Four Seasons, the condo development, would you expect any disruption to the hotel? Or is it far enough away that it wont impact your guests?
Jim Risoleo: Not anticipating any disruption, Smedes.
Smedes Rose: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from David Katz at Jefferies.
David Katz: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow on to that commentary, which, Sourav, I know you repeated in terms of the makeup of the group business strength. Is there any commentary or any color with respect to large corporate groups and the citywides, meaning, have they just not gotten around to booking yet? Is there is some expectation or is there some trepidation to it? How should we look into that?
Sourav Ghosh: David, if you think about sort of where the big citywide come from? And just to put into perspective for Host for our portfolio, we have about 20% to 25% of our overall group room nights that really come from citywide. We have done a really good job across the board, bringing in in-house groups which are self-contained. And with a lot of our hotels where weve expanded meeting space, we now have the ability to actually house the groups completely in-house and are less dependent on city-wides. But in general, if you think about a lot of the convention centers that were actually closed during the pandemic just in terms of sales staff gearing up and selling those cities, there is more of a ramp-up time, and we were talking about this last year, how you were expecting that citywides would be sort of the last ones to come back in a meaningful way. It certainly is very, very market specific. As you well know, like when you look at San Francisco, thats pretty meaningfully relative to pre-pandemic levels. But other places where we are seeing actually group bookings, which are being driven by citywide and have a good citywide pickup into future years are cities like Boston, like San Antonio, like Chicago. So, it is coming back, but its just a matter of the entire sales staff getting all geared up and selling those cities. But so we do expect that to further ramp up with time.
David Katz: I see. So, we should take it as further upside. And if I can sort of follow-up to the strong results and the guidance that you have already given us, by the way. If I can just follow-on with respect to San Francisco, because it is a city is a matter of debate. My sense is that you have done reasonably well there. Can you just talk about whats going on there for you and sort of how you are differentiated than what we have seen in other areas?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. I will share our broader thoughts, and then Sourav can get into a little more detail on what happened in San Fran in the first quarter and how we are thinking about it for the balance of the year. So, the city clearly has its challenges. There is no question about it. I will tell you, we are not writing San Francisco off. I think we have a Mayor in that city that is committed to fixing the actual problems and then dealing with the perception as well. From our perspective, we feel very good about the assets we own there. Given their location and many of you on the call have recently visited our Moscone, Marriott Marquis in connection with NAREIT. So, you know what type of asset it is. Its in great shape. Its been fully renovated and repositioned and it is Main in Main for any business that is going to book through the Moscone Convention Center. And it is an asset that is extremely well set up to go after and bring in in-house group. So, we have that hotel and then we have the Grand Hyatt on Union Square another terrific property. So, as we think about the assets we own in that market generally and then the third material asset is the Marriott Fishermans Wharf, which is a leisure hotel as opposed to group and citywide property. We like the assets we have. We like the condition that they are in. So, we are in a pull position to really take market share and be the first to fill as business returns. And we have seen some good results, and I will let Sourav get into that with you in a moment. Now, I dont want you to think that we dont have concerns about San Francisco because we do absolutely have concern about how the market is performing relative to 2019 and what happened with the layoffs in the world of tech and the like, and return to office in that market is really lagging the rest of the country. But it is the center of tech and its going to be the center of artificial intelligence as the world returns. So with that, I will let Sourav give you some specifics on how our hotels performed in the market.
Sourav Ghosh: For the San Francisco market, we were around 61% occupancy or so at about $291. While RevPAR overall relative to 19 is down 27.5%, we did actually exceed our expectations by about 1.5% or so. And that was driven by strength of group, but in particular, with the return of the JPMorgan Group. Food and beverage did really well. We were actually up almost 10% compared to our forecast. And this is due to just the increase in contracted banquet minimums, which frankly, we have been seeing across the board, but really did help San Francisco quite a bit. We do see a lot of in the quarter for the quarter pickup in San Francisco, a lot of the rooms that were actually booked a big piece of it was San Francisco that we picked up in the quarter. Overall, when we are looking out for the rest of the year, there are a few citywides that are there. I think for 2023, the total number of citywides is about 34. And then another 20 citywides confirmed for 2024. So, there is certainly  I would be cautious and say somewhat of a positive trend. And while its a lot of it is short-term and not necessarily long-term pickup. There is certainly some green shoots in San Francisco.
David Katz: Really appreciate it. Good quarter. Well done. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Bellisario with Baird.
Michael Bellisario: Thanks. Good morning. Probably for Sourav here on the expense side of the P&L, are you seeing any easing of the cost pressures or the hiring challenges that you have mentioned previously? And then do you have any updated forecast where you see wages and benefits tracking for the remainder of the year? Thanks.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Our outlook in terms of wage and benefit for the year, year-over-year increase is still at the 5%-ish. Dont expect that to change for the year. We are tracking well on that. In terms of just overall staffing, given where our business volumes are right now, we feel pretty good. I would say we are fully staffed across the portfolio and are not seeing any major challenges. I mean it still is in certain markets, difficult to hire a line cook. But apart from that, we are lucky where we are predisposed to primarily Marriott managed and Hyatt managed hotels, brand-managed hotels, which they do a really good job of acquiring talent and retaining talent and really are pushing for hospitality as a career, which has made it much easier to staff-up, not only staff-up, but really get quality talent into our hotels.
Michael Bellisario: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Bill Crow at Raymond James.
Bill Crow: Hey. Good morning everybody. Jim, or maybe this is more of a Sourav question. When you look at BT travel specifically, and you take out the higher rates that we have seen. Where is occupancy or demand depending on how you want to look at it relative to 19? How big is that gap?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. That gap from a volume perspective, depending on the market, Bill, is still down anywhere from 15% to 20%. We obviously had a meaningful rate pick up, which  so if you look at sort of March, I said in my prepared remarks, our overall BT revenue is now down only 7% to 2019. But it is really market dependent. Certain markets are ahead. New York, for example, is meaningfully ahead almost close to where we were back in 2019. But I would say, in general somewhere between down 15% to down 20% in terms of volume.
Bill Crow: Thank you for that. And then do you expect that, that gap can be narrowed further this year, or do you think that given the overall cost of travel, the macro headlines and tech layoffs, all that other stuff that we read about. Is that something maybe is it next year or even 2025?
Sourav Ghosh: Its a little difficult to tell how that ramp is going to occur just given the macroeconomic uncertainty overall. But we are seeing a positive trend and sequential month-to-month improvement. One other thing to keep in mind, as we sort of talked about in our prepared remarks is, we are getting a lot of demand from small and medium-sized of business transient versus the larger companies. And some of that comes in through retail, which is difficult to classify exactly as business transient. So, some of the gap or one could argue is being made up by selling more directly through retail as opposed to being classified business. But in general, we still expect some improvement to occur, but probably plateauing until there is more macroeconomic certainty.
Bill Crow: Great. Jim, if I could just ask you a quick one. You noted that you are in the hotel ownership business, which I agree, but you are also in the shareholder returns business. I am wondering if the prospects for acquisitions can be appealing enough to use capital in lieu of share repurchases?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Bill, we are actively evaluating potential investment opportunities. I think the gating factor that really distinguish his Host is the fortress balance sheet that we have. Finishing the quarter now back down to 2.2x leverage, after all the activity that has occurred over the last several years, in particular, including the eight acquisitions that were completed over the course of 21 and 22 as well as the $1.5 billion that we put in our portfolio, all of that is leading as well as the capital allocation decisions that happened from 18 forward, thats whats leading to our outperformance today. So, I just  I want to set the table and the transformation of the portfolio with our RevPAR up 9% on a comparable hotel basis to 2017, TRevPAR up 15% and EBITDA per key up 31% and our un-blenching and unyielding focus on expenses and margins is a big reason why we were able to flow through our 24% to 27% RevPAR guidance in first quarter and deliver 31% and put in a substantial beat and raise for the entire year. So, we will continue to look for acquisitions that will elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company. Right now, what we are seeing out there is a fairly wide bid-ask spread between sellers, what sellers want and what we are prepared to pay today. Now that can change, and it can change for a number of different reasons on. I am talking about non-distressed assets right now. But it can change as we see a clearer picture of the macro as we and everyone else draw some conclusions about how the economy is going to perform going forward. And when I say it can change on both sides, right, I mean we can get more bullish on our underwriting and have a different point of view with respect to our cost of capital. If the Fed does get into an interest cutting mode, which the Street seems to be banking on, they are looking for two rate cuts in back half of the year. I dont know if thats going to happen or not. On the other hand, if things get tough, then maybe some of the sellers expectations are going to change regarding value. So, we are keeping very close tabs on whats happening in the transaction market. We are also tracking all of the CMBS loans that are going to be maturing later this year and into 24 and 25. So, that is one place clearly that we will be prepared to deploy capital. But the great thing about our balance sheet is that its not mutually exclusive from a Host perspective. We can buy assets. We will continue to invest in our portfolio. We will continue to do ROI projects to generate shareholder returns, the dividend at $0.12 a share. We will be talking to our Board about what the next quarters dividend is. And we have the capital available to do share repurchases as well. So, its kind of threading a needle, but we have the ability to do it all.
Bill Crow: Very good. Thanks Jim. Look forward to seeing you next week.
Jim Risoleo: Likewise.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Chris Woronka at Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Hey guys. Good morning. Thanks for all the details so far. So, my question will be on kind of group rate. It seems like you are really starting to benefit from some of the rate increases you got on stuff booked post-COVID. Where do you think you are if we want to use the baseball analogy of innings in terms of recapturing or maybe the answer is pushing group rate? I mean how long of a tail do you think that has? What kind of increases are people agreeing to now for business  group business out in, say, 24 to 25? Thanks.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. We continue working with our managers to make sure that rate is certainly a priority. And those conversations, frankly, in a high inflation environment are much easier to have than otherwise. And if you look at sort of where we were in terms of our group rate, just for 2023 at the end of the fourth quarter, we were around 5% higher year-over-year, and we improved 90 basis points already by the end of the first quarter. So, wherever possible, we keep on pushing those rates, and we feel pretty confident that as their availability starts becoming more challenging as we go out into the future, and we have been seeing lead times really expand. So, once those specific date start getting booked up into the future, that leads to real yield management and be able to drive rates even further. So, all-in-all, a really good trend from a rate perspective, and we are seeing continuously rate strength not only into 23, but 24 and beyond.
Chris Woronka: Okay. Thanks Sourav.
Operator: Your next question for today is coming from Stephen Grambling at Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Grambling: Hi. Thanks. This is perhaps a longer term question. But with some of your brand partners in the midst of large tech investments, how would you characterize the opportunity from a tech overhaul coming from some of your partners? And then zooming out, what are your general thoughts on artificial intelligence on how that could not only approach how you bring or what you bring to the business, but also what are your brand partners fit in?
Jim Risoleo: Given that Sourav was the father of our relationship with IBM Watson, Stephen as much as I would like the answer to this question, I am going to let him answer it.
Sourav Ghosh: Thanks Jim. In terms of what our brand partners are doing with technology, I mean we have had always been at the forefront of trying out new technology, whether its proof of concept of piloting new technology to drive not only productivity improvement and just looking at overall sort of expenses, but also what is really going to drive customer satisfaction and what I like to refer to as sort of reduced transaction friction. And those are conversations that we have with our managers is when you think about sort of the front desk of the future, does there really needs to be a front desk period, if you are going to give  provide the optionality and flexibility to the guests of having access to your room, whether its through your phone or whether its through getting a physical key card to a kiosk and then being able to  if nothing else is there, you can approach a host or hostess to check you in. So, those are the kind of conversations we are having is how do you really leverage technology change the long-term sort of operating model that we have had and drive not only efficiencies, but improved customer satisfaction. As it relates to artificial intelligence, as Jim briefly mentioned there, we entered into this partnership with IBM Watson, back in 2018. And it really  there was  it was really IBM Research to develop a proprietary model for us that will help us identify markets that outperform or underperform and rank them, so we can make much better capital allocation decisions, whether thats acquisitions, dispositions or frankly, even investing capital in our existing assets. And I will say this is while certainly IBM Watson couldnt predict the pandemic, it was most accurate in terms of predicting what RevPAR would do relative to every other third-party predictor out there and including our internal predictive analytics. So, its been a really good partnership and it really is a tool that we utilize to help us make capital allocation decisions. But certainly on the forefront of it, we use natural language processing as well as multiple data points that are churned through IBMs computing system to come up with those rankings.
Stephen Grambling: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question for today is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth at Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey. Thanks. Most of my questions have been asked. Just on BI, and I apologize if you have said this, your guidance does not include any business interruption, insurance or reimbursement there. But what do you anticipate that to be this year?
Sourav Ghosh: Frankly, its difficult to tell right now because it is something that we agree upon with our insurers. So, from a timing perspective and the amount perspective, exactly how much we will get this year is difficult. And thats frankly why we have not put it in our forecast, and its not in our guidance. But the moment we do collect BI, we will obviously let you all know and it would flow through down to EBITDA.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Okay. Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Sure.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I will now turn the call over to Jim for closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: I would like to thank everyone for joining us today on our first quarter call. We are really excited about the way the year is setting up for us, and we appreciated the opportunity to discuss our results with you and talk about guidance for the balance of the year. As a reminder, we will be hosting an Investor Day on May 22nd and 23rd in Orlando, Florida. We hope many of you can join us, and we look forward to seeing you there. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes todays conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jamie Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jamie Marcus: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre, and hotel-level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC, and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call are Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jamie. And thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. We ended the year with strong operating improvements across our portfolio driven by continued rate strength. For the full year 2022, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of 1.498 billion, all owned hotel EBITDA of $1.573 billion in all owned hotel RevPAR of $196, which helped us achieve the high-end of our full year 2022 guidance range. During the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $364 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.44. Our all owned hotel EBITDA of $373 million in the fourth quarter was 5% above 2019, driven by rate strength out of room revenues, and expense efficiencies resulting from operating improvements. All owned hotel RevPAR for the fourth quarter was approximately $197, a 60-basis point improvement over the fourth quarter of 2019. As a reminder, fourth quarter operations were impacted by Hurricane Ian, yet RevPAR all owned hotel EBITDA and EBITDA margins, though exceeded 2019 levels for the third consecutive quarter since the onset of the pandemic. All owned hotel revenues in the fourth quarter were up 1.1% over the fourth quarter of 2019. While all owned hotel operating expenses were down 40 basis points. In addition to delivering strong operating improvements over the course of 2022, we continued to be recognized as a global leader in corporate responsibility. While we work toward achieving our 2025 environmental and social targets, we introduced our 2050 vision of becoming a net positive company, which is detailed in our 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report. We now have a total of 10 LEED certified properties, including three LEED Gold hotels, plus our corporate headquarters. In addition, we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index World which recognizes global sustainability leaders across all industries for the fourth consecutive year, and we were included in the DJSI North America for the sixth consecutive year. Additionally, we were once again included among the world's most sustainable companies in S&P's Global Sustainability Yearbook and named one of America's most responsible companies by Newsweek. Subsequent to quarter-end, we amended and restated our existing $2.5 billion credit facility to further enhance the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. The agreement reflects no increase in pricing and incorporates our industry leading commitment to ESG by adding incentives linked to portfolio sustainability initiatives, including Green Building Certifications and Renewable Energy Consumption. On the capital allocation front, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.7 billion shares at an average price of $15.93 per share through our common share repurchase program, bringing our total repurchases for the quarter to $27 million. We have approximately $973 million remaining capacity under the repurchase program. While macroeconomic headwinds continue to dominate the headlines, we remain optimistic about the state of travel for several reasons. First, although leisure rates are moderating, they remain well above 2019 levels. For context, transient rates at our resorts were 52% above 2019 in the fourth quarter, compared to 64% in the third quarter. Second, in the fourth quarter, we booked 400,000 group rooms for 2023. In total group revenue pace is down only 70 basis points to the same time 2019. Third, while business transient demand has been uneven, revenue driven by this segment improved 440 basis points compared to 2019 on a quarterly sequential basis. Small and medium-sized businesses are driving the business transient recovery, and they represent a larger share of our corporate demand today. According to American Express Global Business Travel, transactions by this segment reached 80% of pre-pandemic levels in the third quarter. Our recent acquisitions continued to contribute to our outperformance and are substantially ahead of our underwriting expectations. Based on full year 2022 results, even up from the seven hotels we acquired in 2021 put us at the bottom-end of our targeted range of 10x to 12x EBITDA, well ahead of our plan stabilization period. Looking back on our transaction activity since 2018, we have acquired $3.5 billion of assets at a 13.7x EBITDA multiple and dispose of $4.9 billion of assets at 17x EBITDA multiple, including $954 million of estimated foregone capital expenditures. It is worth noting that this quarter, we moved the 2017 comparison of our all owned hotel results from 2019 to 2022, as our 2022 results reflect more normalized operations. Comparing all owned hotel 2022 results for our current portfolio to 2017. We have increased the RevPAR of our assets by 9%, [indiscernible] by 15%, the EBITDA per key by 31% and avoided considerable business disruption associated with capital projects. Moving back to fourth quarter operations and starting with the hurricane update, we estimate that Hurricane Ian impacted our fourth quarter RevPAR growth by 220 basis points, our adjusted EBITDAre by $15 million and our all owned hotel EBITDA margin by 40 basis points. On a full year basis that translates to an all owned hotel RevPAR impact of 60 basis points and all owned hotel EBITDA impact of $18 million and an all owned hotel EBITDA margin impact of 10 basis points. As a reminder, the Hyatt Regency coconut point opened in November, and we expect to reopen the remaining pool facilities in Water Park in June. The Ritz-Carlton, Naples remains closed, and we are targeting a phased reopening strategy beginning this summer. Reconstruction at the Ritz-Carlton will enhance the resilience of the property by elevating critical equipment, introducing dry flood-proofing measures and replacing major equipment with more efficient machinery. In addition, while the hotel is closed, we are avoiding future disruption by executing planned capital projects that would have otherwise impacted operations. While we are still evaluating the total financial impacts of the storm, we currently estimate the total property damage and remediation costs for all impacted properties in Florida to be between $200 million and $220 million. We are insured for $325 million per name windstorm with a $15 million deductible resulting in potential insurance recovery of approximately $310 million for covered costs. Based on our current reopening plans for Ritz-Carlton, Naples, we believe our insurance coverage is sufficient to cover substantially all the property damage as well as the near-term loss of business. Thus far this year, we have received approximately $50 million of insurance proceeds related to our plans. Continuing with fourth quarter results. Transient revenue was up 60 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 with strong rate increases making up for the volume shortfall resulting from lower business transient demand, light cancellations during the holidays, colder weather in Florida and hurricane displacement at Hyatt Coconut Point and Ritz-Carlton, Naples. Revenue growth was driven by Orlando, Phoenix and Hawaii, which offset declines in San Francisco and the Florida Gulf Coast. Our resort properties continue to outperform with 13% transient rate growth over 2021. In the fourth quarter, we had 6 resorts with transient rates above $1,000 led by the Four Seasons Jackson Hole at over $2,200 and the Four Seasons Orlando at close to $2,000. Turning to Group. This is the second consecutive quarter group revenue exceeded 2019 driven by 10% rate growth. In the fourth quarter, our hotels sold 954,000 group rooms, bringing our total group room nights sold for 2022 to $3.8 million, which represents approximately 84% of 2019 actual group room nights. Total group revenue for 2022 was down just 11% to 2019 as 6% rate growth and [indiscernible] contribution helped to offset lower demand. In 2023, we currently have 2.9 million definite group room nights on the books which represents 80% of full year 2022 group room nights. This compares to 71% on the books at the same time last year for 2022, representing a 9-point improvement. Group rate on the books for 2023 is up nearly 6% to the same time last year, a 140-basis point increase since the third quarter. In addition, group revenue pace is up approximately 17% to the same time last year. We are very encouraged by the large group base we have on the books, particularly given short-term booking trends. Sourav will discuss more operational detail in our 2023 outlook in a few minutes. In addition to delivering operational improvements, we continue to execute on our three strategic objectives all of which are aimed at elevating the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. As a reminder, our objectives include redefining the hotel operating model with our managers, gaining market share at hotels through comprehensive innovations, and strategically allocating capital to development ROI projects. As it relates to our first strategic objective, it is important to note that we have achieved the bulk of the $100 million to $150 million of expense savings associated with redefining the operating model. In order to achieve the high-end of the range, we will need to get back to 2019 business volumes and as of the fourth quarter, occupancy was still 10 points below the fourth quarter of 2019. Turning to portfolio reinvestment. Our 2023 capital expenditure guidance range is $600 million to $725 million, which reflects approximately $275 million of investment for redevelopment, repositioning in ROI projects. The projects include a transformational renovation of the Fairmont Kea Lani. The Phoenician Canyon Suites filler expansion and completing construction of the tower expansion, guestroom renovation and lobby transformation at Ritz-Carlton, Naples, which was delayed by Hurricane Ian. To-date, we have completed 14 out of 16 assets in our Marriott transformational capital program, and we will complete the San Diego Marriott Marquis by the end of this month. The final property, the Washington Marriott and Metro Center is underway, and we expect it to be completed in May. It is worth noting that actual 2022 capital expenditures came in at the low-end of our guidance range. As such, the midpoint of our 2023 range is $160 million higher than last year, which is driven by carryover capital and an estimated $100 million to $125 million of capital expenditures related to hurricane restoration work, which we expect to be reimbursed by insurance claims. To conclude my remarks, we are extremely proud of the results we achieved in 2022, and we are confident that the quality of our portfolio, our ability to reinvest in our assets and our fortress balance sheet will allow us to continue our strong performance in 2023. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our fourth quarter operations full year 2023 guidance and our balance sheet. Starting with business mix, overall transient revenue was up 60 basis points to the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by a 22% rate growth. Thanksgiving and the festive season saw RevPAR growth of 5% and 6% over 2019, respectively, driven by rate growth of over 30% for both periods. Despite impacts from flight cancellations and cold weather in Florida during the festive season, occupancy continued to increase sequentially this holiday. Looking ahead, holidays in the first quarter of 2023 are shaping up well. Martin Luther King Junior weekend achieved a revenue that was 22% above last year, driven by occupancy. Peasants' Day and Spring Break both have revenue pace ahead of 2022. Business transient revenue was down 18% to the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by 2% rate growth. This is a meaningful improvement from the start of 2022 when business transient revenue was down 48% to the first quarter of 2019. As we have discussed previously, properties are targeting high single-digit business transient rate growth in 2023. During the fourth quarter, business transient demand was in line with pre-pandemic monthly seasonality and was driven by San Francisco, Washington D.C. and New York, with New York just 5% behind 2019. Turning to group. This marks the second quarter the revenue has surpassed 2019 levels. Group room revenues were 2% above the fourth quarter of 2019 driven by 10% rate growth. While overall group room demand was down 8% to 2019, properties in New York and Phoenix achieved group demand above 2019 levels. The short-term booking trend continued with in the quarter, for the quarter group rooms sold up 21% over the fourth quarter of 2019. The majority of the rooms booked were in Washington D.C., San Diego, San Francisco and New York. Corporate Group revenue was up 6% in the quarter, surpassing 2019 for the second quarter in a row, driven by a 14% rate increase. Our performance was driven by hotels in Orlando, Phoenix, Maui, New York and New Orleans. All 3 months in the quarter had corporate group revenue ahead of 2019 driven by rate and revenue was up substantially at both convention and resort properties. Association Group revenue was down 16% in the fourth quarter compared to 2019 despite rate growth of over 7%. The revenue decline was driven by volume losses in San Francisco, Boston and New Orleans. However, San Diego, New York and Phoenix had association group demand ahead of 2019 levels. While association revenue was down in the fourth quarter, we saw meaningful pickup in booking activity for future years in the month of December. Additionally, rates compared to 2019 improved sequentially each month in the quarter from up 3% in October to up 15% in December. Wrapping up on groups with social, military, educational, religious and fraternal or SMERF groups, revenue was up 29% over 2019 driven equally by a 14% increase in rooms sold and a 13% increase in rate. Sports teams and weddings drove increases in Washington D.C., Los Angeles and New Orleans. Shifting gears to margins and expenses, our fourth quarter all owned hotel EBITDA margin came in at 29.5%, which is 110 basis points better than the fourth quarter of 2019. We attribute the margin expansion to strong rates and increased out-of-room revenues, combined with operating model expense efficiencies despite the fact that Hurricane Ian negatively impacted margins by 40 basis points in the fourth quarter. As expected, the margin gap to 2019 narrowed relative to prior quarters due to continued inflationary pressures and more normalized staffing levels at our hotels. Our efforts to redefine the operating model continue to yield positive results even with occupancy still meaningfully below 2019 levels and elevated pressure on wage rates which ended the year up 5% on a year-over-year basis. As detailed in our earnings release, moving forward, we will cease presentation of all owned hotel results and return to a comparable presentation for our hotel level results. We believe this will provide investors with better understanding of underlying growth trends for our current portfolio without impacts from properties that experienced closures lasting one-month or longer due to renovations or property damage. We have removed Hyatt Regency Coconut Point and the Ritz-Carlton, Naples from our comparable operations in our full year 2023 forecast due to closures caused by Hurricane Ian. Turning to our outlook for 2023. Current macroeconomic headwinds and the potential for an economic slowdown are competing with the margin recovery. That said, we continue to be optimistic about the future of travel. Our performance this year will depend on our ability to maintain high rated business at our resorts and the continued improvement of group, business transient and international inbound travel. Given the significant macroeconomic uncertainty in the second half of 2023, we have provided a wider guidance range than normal, which assumes a slowdown in the second half of the year. The low-end contemplates a severe slowdown, while the high-end assumes a mild one. For the first quarter, we expect RevPAR growth to be between 24% and 27% as a result of easier comparisons due to Omicron, which is expected to bolster full year growth. For the remaining three quarters, we expect year-over-year RevPAR changes to be down low-single digits at the low-end of our guidance range to up low-single digits at the high-end of our range. Looking ahead to recent trends, preliminary January comparable hotel RevPAR is expected to be approximately $184, a 67% increase over January 2022 and a 3.5% increase over January 2019. Taken together, for the full year, we anticipate comparable RevPAR growth of between 2% and 8% over 2022. Additionally, staffing levels are closer to stable and hotel operating costs are expected to increase in comparison to 2022. As a result, we expect comparable EBITDA margins to be down 360 basis points year-over-year at the low-end of our guidance to down 210 basis points at the high-end. Though, we expect comparable hotel EBITDA margins to be down year-over-year, we expect margins in 2023 to be only slightly down to 2019 despite lagging occupancy and four years of inflationary pressures. This reflects our efforts to transform the portfolio and evolve the hotel operating model. It is particularly impressive when you consider that our total expense CAGR since 2019 is only 1.1% versus the core CPI CAGR of 4.1%. The margin decline year-over-year is driven by closer to stable, staffing levels at our hotels, higher utility and insurance expenses, lower attrition and cancellation fees, which totaled approximately $100 million in 2022 and occupancy below 2019 levels. As we noted throughout last year, 2022 margins were not sustainable, particularly when you consider the limited services provided at many of our hotels in the first half of the year, the staffing lag and the elevated inflationary pressures. At the midpoint of our guidance range, we anticipate comparable RevPAR growth of 5% compared to 2022, a comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 29% and full year adjusted EBITDAre of $1.460 billion. Our 2023 full year adjusted EBITDAre includes an expected $11 million contribution from Hyatt Coconut Point and the Ritz-Carlton, Naples which are excluded from our comparable hotel set. The pre-hurricane estimated contribution from these two hotels, including the New Tower at Naples was expected to be an additional $71 million in 2023. It is important to note that we have not included the business interruption proceeds from Hurricane Ian in our 2023 guidance. In 2023, we expect wage rates to increase 5%. In the aggregate, from 2019 through 2023, we expect wage rates and utilities to increase 20% and insurance to increase approximately 100%. In 2023, we also expect attrition and cancellation fees to revert to historical levels. For context, in 2019, region and benefits comprise approximately 50% of our total comparable expenses, utilities and insurance comprised approximately 5%, attrition and cancellation fees were $50 million, and occupancy is still 10 points below 2019 as of the fourth quarter of 2022. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 5.2 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.4%, and we have no significant maturities until April 2024. As of today's call, we have $2.4 billion in total available liquidity, which includes $200 million of FF&E reserves and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. We ended 2022 at 2.4x net leverage. And since our last call, both S&P and Fitch have revised our issuer outlooks to positive from stable. Wrapping up, in January, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.32 per share, which included a $0.20 special dividend. The Board of Directors authorized a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 on our common stock to be paid on April 17, 2023, to stockholders of record as of March 31, 2023. All future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors though we expect to be able to maintain our quarterly dividend at a sustainable level, taking into consideration potential macroeconomic factors. To conclude, we believe our portfolio, our balance sheet and our team are well positioned to continue outperforming, and we will continue to be strategic in the current macroeconomic environment. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Smedes Rose with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
SmedesRose: I appreciate you guys are providing a range for the year that incorporates a wide range of macroeconomic outlook. And I'm just curious, what are you specifically seeing in your business, if anything, that would suggest a slowdown in the back half of the year, either on the group side or what sort of visibility you have?
Jim Risoleo: At this point in time, we're not seeing any signs of weakness in any business segment. Our group pace is performing exceptionally well. I mean, 2022, we ended up, I think with 3.8 million group room nights at the end of the year which was 84% of 2019 actual. Rate was up 6% in 2019. 2023, we're very encouraged about how group is set up. We have 2.9 million definite room nights on the books that's a 400,000-room night increase since quarter three. That equates to 80% of 2022 actual room nights. At the same time last year, we were at 71%. So we picked up 9 points and the other really encouraging thing is that total group revenue pace is up, I think, 17% to the same time last year. So group is really set up well. And if you go back and look at how we're set up relative to 2019, we're only down 70 basis points in total revenue pace. So the short-term nature of the bookings is expected to continue. And as a result of the solid base that we have on the books, we're encouraged with how group will likely perform this year. So no indication of any slowdown there. I think your other question was related to business transient. We continue to see improvements in BT. I think BT is going to evolve over time. BT room nights were down in quarter 4, I think, about 20% to quarter 4 of 2019, but we saw a pickup in bookings from Q3 about 500 basis points. So business transient revenue was down 18% due to an improvement in rate. Again, bought up from where we were in Q3, so special corporate, the encouraging piece on the business transient side is we expect to see high single-digit rate increases that is going to hold. In January, very strong months for business transient demand. It was the best in the month for-the-month pickup by our top accounts. So no signs of weakness in the business transient front at all. And one thing I would point out, I think Sourav mentioned it in his comments, very encouraging that New York City is only 5% below where it was in 2019. So no signs of weakness. We felt it was prudent to give a range, given the uncertainty on the macroeconomic front that exists today.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Just a follow-up to that prior question. I mean, if you were to build a bottoms-up guidance range for 2Q through 4Q, I guess how many percentage points would you be adding to that midpoint? And what does that imply rather for a theoretical margin decline this year given what potential higher RevPAR.
Sourav Ghosh: Anthony, so let me start off by saying sort of what I said in my prepared remarks is, the second half of the year for us in our guidance assumes some sort of a slowdown, whether it's at the low-end, which would be a severe slowdown over the high-end, which is a mild slowdown. And our midpoint is effectively a moderate slowdown. The way we are thinking about it when you look at our guidance is the second half. I'll sort of go through each segment. From a group perspective, we are assuming that the second half will only see about half the group room nights pick up in the year, for the year compared to 2022. And as you may recall, 2022 had meaningful in the year for the year pickup. And as I said in my prepared remarks, in the fourth quarter alone, we had 21% more pickup in the quarter for the quarter. So in other words, the anticipation is if there is a slowdown, you would have less in the year for the year pickup. That's on the group side. The rates, obviously, in the group sides are locked in, so that's a positive. On the transient side, we expect that second half to be somewhat flattish. So with leisure rates being slightly up driven by our downturn in convention hotels, but our resorts somewhat flat to maybe slightly down depending on the market. So overall, transient rates and occupancy to be about flattish for the second half. And so when you really think about our guidance for the full year, our occupancy ends up being up a couple of points and rate effectively flattish again, all this is tied to the midpoint. When you think about sort of our margin performance quarter-by-quarter, reality is the distribution of EBITDA that we saw in 2019 is going to be very -- but we are expecting very similar in 2023. So in '19, we had, I think, it was about 27% or so of our EBITDA came from Q1, about $29 million from Q2, 20% in Q3 and 24% from Q4. Very similar sort of cadence is what we are expecting from 2023.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz: Jim, I wanted to go back to something you touched on in your comment and just to make sure we're clear about it. You talked about some of the hotels you bought that are, I think you said currently run rate in about 10x or 12x EBITDA based on sort of what you paid. Could you just go back to those circumstances and talk about if we found ourselves at a 2019 normalized environment were those multiples or cap rates would be.
Jim Risoleo: Well, we don't expect to get back to 2019 levels of rate or performance at these properties, David. We are very confident that the rate set the hotels are able to charge today for the most part, sustainable. There might be a little bit of a pullback. But we did message when we bought each property what the EBITDA multiple was based on 2019 numbers and what the cap rate was. And I can't tell you how pleased we are with the performance of these properties over the last several years. So we feel very confident that we're going to be able to close to maintain the current rates that we're getting today subject to there being a very severe downturn that's affecting the consumer. We're just not seeing it today.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Darling with Green Street.
Chris Darling: Can you provide an update on '23 group pace across some of your larger group focused markets. So thinking specifically about San Francisco, New York, Orlando and then maybe any other data points that might be helpful as well.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So in terms of group pace some of our larger markets, what's trending really well. And I would say, like effectively what we have on the books for 2023, over 50% are from markets which are San Diego, Orlando, D.C., San Antonio and San Francisco. So whatever we have on the book for 2023, over 50% are from those markets. And when we're looking at sort of citywide data, we are at about 80% of 2019 levels that it relates to citywide and the markets that are above that threshold are Boston, San Antonio, San Diego, Atlanta, Chicago and the ones which are sort of below that threshold are Philadelphia, Seattle and certainly San Francisco and I would say New Orleans.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Jim, it's a bit of a hypothetical question, but obviously, there's a lot of talk about getting back to prior or maybe not peak occupancy levels, but still having a lot of occupancy to recover with group and a little bit of corporate. But that with the mix effect that may come at the expensive rate. So the question would be, I know you don't solve for any one metric is it reasonable to think that some of the more price-sensitive business and opaque business, things like that, you have your operators essentially intentionally keep that out of the business as we go forward and that we are structurally lower arc but higher rate. Is that a decent way to think about it?
Jim Risoleo: Chris, I'd say it a little differently. It's easy to buy occupancy in certain markets at certain hotels. We don't think that's the right revenue management strategy. We believe that given the flow-through you get to EBITDA from rate increases relative to occupancy increases, which is about 80% -- 60% for rate, 40% for occupancy that every dollar in rate is worth more money. We continue to see occupancy evolve, but we're going to continue to hold rate at high levels and continue to increase rates. I think we're encouraged, in particular, by group rate that we've been able to achieve that's locked in with definites on the books, up sequentially quarter-over-quarter and for 2023 looking pretty positive for us as well as the growth in business transient rate as well. So the total group revenue pace for 2023 is up 17% at the same time last year and down only 70 basis points to 2019. That's very encouraging to us. So that's the strategy that we intend to employ going forward. And we are in favor as a general statement of cutting rate to buy occupancy.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: If we go back in time to the structural margin improvement commentary, your view of the world may be back in Q3 of last year, what has been the biggest change or biggest surprise since that time? Obviously, Naples has some lingering impact. But for example, has the fill rate on open position surprised you since the fall. And then maybe just as a follow-up, while I have you, has your forward visibility into 2Q changed year-over-year? Maybe you could contrast where you stand today on 2Q versus this time last year and what the rates on those forward bookings look like?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So I'll start with the second half of your question first. In terms of rates, we feel very good about the rates into Q2 and the rest of the year, what we have on the books. And as Jim mentioned, our group rate is up 6%. We expect business transient rates to be up in the high single digits. In terms of actual demand, it is still very short-term booking. And that goes to my remarks of sort of the short-term pickup that we are expecting. We saw in the fourth quarter, meaningful in the quarter for the quarter pickup that seems to continue. So while we do have a meaningful amount of group on the books, we are still expecting a significant amount of pickup in the first quarter for the first quarter and the same thing in the second quarter. So from a visibility standpoint, I wouldn't say it's incremental, maybe slightly more incremental relative to the fourth quarter. As it relates to our operating model changes, what I do want to point out is we have said the $100 million to $150 million of savings relative to 2019. Those expense savings, we have achieved a bulk of those savings. And frankly, the balance of it is really going to be driven by occupancy coming back. We are still, as Jim mentioned, 10 points off of 2019 from an occupancy perspective. And I would say with every point of occupancy gain, that would equate to roughly 30 to 40 bps of margin gain. So that is pretty meaningful when you think about it. So if we get back to sort of '19 occupancy levels, you're looking at anywhere from 300 to 400 basis points of margin improvement. And one of the things I would like to highlight is when you look at our expenses, specifically to $100 million to $150 million and you compare that really to 2019, our F&B revenues are down for 2023 to the midpoint relative to '19, 1.5%, but our expenses are actually down 2%. So it shows that all the operating model changes and a big piece of it was in food and beverage has made a huge difference. Sales and marketing expense relative to '19 for 2023, again, to the midpoint, we'll be down less than 1%. So again, when you're comparing sort of the margin performance to '19, it really tells the story. And like I said, we'll be only slightly down at the midpoint. And of course, at the higher end of the guidance, we'd actually be above 2019.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ari Klein with BMO.
Ari Klein: Maybe following up on the margin question. What's the wherewithal to cut expenses if the macro is a little bit more difficult than you anticipate given some of the labor challenges that we've had over the last couple of years.
Sourav Ghosh: Sorry, I was on mute. Apologies. So I'm assuming you're talking about what if any sort of a pullback we can have if there is a slowdown in the second half. And the reality is, I think we now have a playbook going through COVID as to what would need to happen if there is slow down, and that is really a payoff department by department. So we feel very confident that if there is a slowdown, the changes that we would actually have to make if we are in that situation? And whether that's modifying hours of operations or driving efficiencies in any single department. So we are going to be well prepared for that.
Ari Klein: Got it. And then just on the balance sheet. Can you update us on your priority and how you're thinking about acquisitions, dispositions and underwriting and admittedly more uncertain macro?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. As we sit here today, we are in a very strong position. And given the balance sheet that we have, people be well positioned regardless of what happens over the course of the year. As you see from our CapEx guidance this year, we're going to continue to invest in our portfolio. Just a point of reference over the course of 2020 through 2022, we invested $1.5 billion in our assets, which is really a distinguishing factor that sets us apart from other lodging REITs. We're well positioned to outperform going forward, and we will continue to pursue ROI projects such as a complete transformation Fairmont Kea Lani and expansion at the Canyon Suites as the Phoenician and the completion of our repositioning a new tower at the Ritz-Carlton in Naples. So we will continue to look for opportunities to deploy capital in our assets. Those underwrite generally to low to mid cash-on-cash returns, unlevered cash-on-cash returns. So we think that's a very good place to free capital. On the acquisition front, there are a number of properties in the market right now that we are evaluating. I would just say that the bid-ask spread hasn't come to the middle yet. So for the near-term, we're not anticipating, when I say near-term talking about the next 60 to 90 days. I'm not anticipating acquiring any assets that could change. I'll just point out that the Four Seasons Jackson Hole was roughly a 30-day process for us which puts us in a really strong position because we are the only player out there that can really do a meaningful transaction of our cash. As we sit back and look at how the year might evolve a tracking all the CMBS loan maturities for 2023, 2024. We will see if certain owners are in a position where they're going to have to sell the asset, just given the current interest rate environment relative to where the environment was when they put their current debt financing in place and the fact that their asset is likely to need a significant CapEx because they haven't been able to invest over the course of the pandemic. And I think you could see us as the year evolves assuming distress presents itself, investing across markets that are different than markets that we invested in 2021 and 2022.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: I was actually going to ask you about your acquisition plans. And I think you answered most of that question already. But I'm kind of intrigued by your last comment about investing in different markets than you did in the last two years. And just wondering if that means more sort of rather than resort markets or kind of what that might mean? And then, if I could just ask a clarification. When you were talking about your revenue pace, group revenue pace being down about 70 bps in 2018, I guess rate, it sounds like it's up high single digits. So a number of group nights -- are you anticipating being down around that sort of high single-digit rate relative to '19? In other words, just curious what you're factoring into guidance in terms of when group you think might make a full recovery in terms of room nights and transient nights as well. Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Robin. I'll take the part of your question related to the investment market. I think as you think about how we have been deploying capital over the last six years or so, everything we've done has been to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company. And when I say that we're going to be open-minded and look at other markets, it's really transaction dependent and whether or not we think we can create value and what we can do with the underlying EBITDA growth of that asset going forward. So I said differently, I don't think there's a market in the country that has a red line through it, subject to all of the underwriting criteria that we employ when we evaluate a particular hotel. Sourav, do you want to touch base on the group?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. Robin, on the group side, yes, you're right. It's effectively on the group room nights. We are pacing in sort of the high single digits below 2019. The expectation right now at the midpoint, again, we would get to about around 90% of our group room night levels relative to '19. But of course, remember, like I said, that assumes that we only pick up effectively half the amount of group room nights in the year for the year for the second half.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is coming from Jay Kornreich with SMBC.
Jay Kornreich: As it looks like the 2023 outlook you provided excludes any contribution from the Hurricane Ian impacted hotels. I believe you mentioned a $71 million EBITDA shortfall I'm curious, as we see those assets coming back online throughout 2023, if that provides an upside opportunity to the guidance range. And if there's anything else you have your eye on besides the possible recession that get surprised to the upside or I guess the downside.
Jim Risoleo: Well, Jay, I think it's important to really highlight that the assets affected by Hurricane Ian were anticipated to generate $82 million in EBITDA in 2023. We have $11 million in our guidance to the midpoint. So there's a $71 million gap that is purely related to hurricane disruption. We have not assumed any business interruption proceeds hitting our guidance. So if we were to get business interruption proceeds over the course of 2023, that is upside going forward. So we think that is likely to occur later in 2023 and into 2024. But I do want to point out that the $71 million is a significant amount of EBITDA that is going to impact one year. It's just this year because we're very excited about the performance of the Ritz-Carlton for full year 2024. The property will be completely transformed. The new tower will be open. We've added 24 rooms [indiscernible] increased the suite count of that asset and made a number of other enhancements. So one year of disruption from Hurricane Ian has cost us a significant amount for 2023.
Jay Kornreich: Thanks. Maybe just to clarify that the $11 million that you expect in 2023, could that be looked at as a conservative estimate? Or is that what you expect even as both hotels open up during the year?
Jim Risoleo: I think it's what we expect at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: A little bit of a mixed message here. Obviously, you've got group pace ahead, very strong results the last quarter. If I look RevPAR expectations in the first quarter are up, call it, 24% to 27%, call it, 25%, pretty strong yet. If we were to include your business interruption insurance, which, again, you have that insurance presumably, you're going to get that $71 million of missing EBITDA from Naples. You're looking at flat EBITDA growth based on your consensus. Can you maybe provide any sort of historical context where occupancy in your portfolio is trending higher on a longer-term basis and your rate, and your margins are down, or your EBITDA is going down.
Sourav Ghosh: Sorry, are you asking historically? If you've seen occupancy go up and margins go down, I think the way to think about it, Floris, as sort of I have said, relative to '19, right? Actually, if we see occupancy go up, we would actually expect margin performance to improve from where the occupancy stands as of today. I think that's where the upside is. The reality is, we don't have visibility into the second half of the year. Therefore, our assumptions are I think, reasonable at this time with the data that we have available right now. And when you look at the top-end of the guidance, actually, the margins are up relative to '19. So it really depends on where things shape up for the second half and what kind of in the year for the year pickup we see in group. And then, you have to remember, business investment sort of non-residential fixed investment, you're looking at only a 70-basis points growth for the year. So what we can expect, it's very difficult to predict at this point for the second half. It's our guidance range is based on the best available data we have today.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Floris. The one thing I would add is, over the course of 2022, for the second and third quarter call, we were very clear that the margin performance we were seeing was not sustainable. And it wasn't sustainable for a lot of reasons. We were not at optimal staffing levels. We had a number of hotels where full services were not being offered to customers. Restaurants were closed, club lounges were closed, and we feel that the proper comparison for margins is 2019. And in 2019 levels, even down 10 basis points we're only down 57 basis points in margin. And just to reiterate, we have seen a 4.1% inflation in CAGR, a CPI CAGR, and our expenses have only gone up 1.1%. So we actually feel that we're positioned very well. And as Sourav pointed out, every point of occupancy that we get is going to equate to 30 to 40 basis points of margin improvement.
Operator: At this time, I will hand it back to Mr. Risoleo for any closing comments you wish to make.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you very much. I would like to thank everyone for joining us on our fourth quarter call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, and we look forward to meeting with many of you in the coming weeks and months. Thank you for your continued support and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and hotel-level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release, and our 8-K filed with the SEC, and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. We delivered strong performance during the third quarter turning a number of milestones in the recovery. Total food and beverage in group revenues exceeded 2019 for the first time since the onset of the pandemic and our EBITDA margin was 250 basis points better than 2019. During the third quarter, our adjusted EBITDAre was $328 million and our adjusted FFO per share was $0.38. Our all owned hotel EBITDA of $341 million in the third quarter was 15% above 2019, driven by continued rate strength, elevated out of room revenues and tight expense controls. All owned hotel revenues in the third quarter increased 4.9% over the third quarter of 2019 while all owned hotel operating expenses were up only 1.2%. All owned hotel RevPAR for the third quarter was $192, a 1.4% improvement over the third quarter of 2019. As a reminder, this is now the second consecutive quarter RevPAR has exceeded 2019 levels since the onset of the pandemic. While macroeconomic concerns continued to dominate the headlines, we are not seeing any signs of weakness in our business. When digress to 2008, the banking system is in good shape, levers levels are reasonable and consumers still have $1.7 trillion in excess savings with the majority concentrated in the top income brackets which gives us confidence to recovery in the lodging industry is sustainable. In a poll released by the Global Business Travel Association last month, the majority of companies indicated that they are not limiting travel specifically due to economic concerns and 78% of the participants expect volumes to increase in 2023. Consistent with normal seasonality in shifting business and market mix, we expect fourth quarter nominal RevPAR to be slightly above that over the third quarter as well as above the fourth quarter of 2019. Our recent acquisitions continue to contribute to our outperformance and are substantially ahead of our underwriting expectations. Based on updated expectations for full-year 2022, EBITDA from our seven 2021 hotel acquisition is expected to be approximately 100% above our underwriting expectations, already putting us better than our targeted stabilization range of 10 to 12 times EBITDA. Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired the Four Seasons Resort and Residences Jackson Hole, a 125 room luxury's or in Jackson Hole, Wyoming for approximately $315 million. The acquisition price represents a 13.6 times EBITDA multiple whereas 6.6% CAP rate on 2022 estimated results, is expected to be one of our top three assets based on full-year 2022 results with an estimate of RevPAR of $855, RevPAR of $1430 and an EBITDA per key of $185,000, further improving the quality of our portfolio. The resort is one of only a handful of luxury ski-in/ski-out resource in the United States. It sits on 6.3 acres in Teton Village, just steps from the gondola at the base of the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort, one of the top-rated ski destinations in the country. The resort is located 20 minutes from downtown Jackson within close proximity to Grand Teton and Yellowstone National Parks, a unique feature making it a year-round destination where future supply is expected to be severely restricted. Resort has 125 oversized rooms and suite with average approximately 650 square feet with Geyser places, balconies and dramatic use of the surrounding mountains and valleys. The property also features an additional 44 private residences which are not part of our ownership, ranging in size from 1700 square feet to 3700 square feet. Off the 44 residences, 30 currently participate in a rental program through the resort. From 2014 through 2019, the resort had a RevPAR CAGR of 5.8%, significantly outperforming the ultra-luxury set which had a RevPAR CAGR of 4.3% over the same time period. The resort which opened in 2003, underwent a comprehensive guest room renovation in 2022 and no disrupted capital expenditures are expected in the near term. In 2015, $15 million or $120,000 per key has been invested in the property. In addition, the Jackson Hole airport is undergoing a $65 million renovation and expansion which is it's scheduled to be complete at the end of this year. In 2021, non-stock price from six cities have been added to better accommodate year-round demand, shrinking shoulder seasons and increasing visitor growth. As it's typically the case, we took a conservative approach when underwriting this asset and we believe there is performance upside beyond 2022. As I just mentioned, earlier this year the resort underwent a comprehensive guest room renovation, the Jackson Hole airport was closed for approximately three months. By continuing to grow year-round occupancy to historical levels and repositioning the food and beverage outlets in the public spaces, we expect the resort to stabilize at approximately an 11 to 13 times EBITDA in the 2026 to 2028 timeframe. With built-in winter and summer demand generators, a lack of competition and no new supply on the horizon, we believe the Four Seasons Jackson Hole is positioned to outperform over the long-term. On the distributions front, during the third quarter we sold the 254 key Chicago Marriott Suites Downers Grove for $16 million. The hotel is expected to need $15 million of investment over the next five years. Looking back on our transaction activities since 2018, we had acquired $3.5 billion of assets and a 13.7 times EBITDA multiple a dispose of $4.9 billion of assets and a 17 times EBITDA multiple including $954 million of an estimated foregone capital expenditures. Impairing all owned hotel 2019 results for our current portfolio to 2017, we have increased the RevPAR of our assets by 12%, EBITDA per key by 26%, EBITDA margins by 190 basis points and avoided considerable business disruptio0n associated with capital projects. Turning to third quarter operations, our all owned hotel revenue was up nearly 5% to third quarter of 2019, driven by 16% rate growth. We estimate that Hurricane Ian impacted our third quarter RevPAR growth by 40 basis points and all owned hotel EBITDA by $3 million when comparing to the third quarter of 2019. The majority of the impact came from Hyatt Regency Coconut Point and the Ritz-Carlton, Naples. We expect fourth quarter RevPAR growth to be negatively impacted by 250 basis points while adjusted EBITDAre to be impacted $17 million. Despite a brief loss of commercial power and damage to the properties grounds, pools and amenities, the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point remained open to first responders. The hotel is expected to reopen to guests in mid-November and we expect the water park to reopen in the second quarter of 2023. The Ritz-Carlton, Naples beach is expected to remain closed for the remainder of the year and into 2023. A phased reopening strategy is being evaluated and we will provide additional information when it is available. From an insurance perspective, our deductible is limited to $15 million and we expect to collect business interruption insurance over a still too early estimate when we will receive those payments. And turning back to the third quarter results. Transient revenue was up 2% compared to third quarter of 2019, and rate was up 25%. Growth continues to be driven by our Sunbelt and Hawaiian properties which achieved double digit rate growth over 2019 at its six consecutive quarter. Our resort properties continue to outperform with transient revenue up more than 30% to third quarter 2019 driven by 64% transient rate growth at our 16 resorts. We have four resorts with transient rate above $1000 for the quarter and this marks the second consecutive quarter where our newly acquired Alila Ventana Big Sur achieved transient rate above $2000. Our urban and downtown hotels saw continued progress with 2% transient demand growth over the second quarter and makes more than 8% above the third quarter of 2019. Turning to group, business continue to surge back at our hotels during the third quarter. Group revenue was up over 3% in the third quarter of 2019 for the first time driven by 6% rate growth. In the third quarter, our hotel sold 991,000 group rooms, just 2.6% behind the third quarter of 2019 and we continue to be encouraged by net booking activity in the quarter for the quarter. For the full-year 2022, we currently have 3.7 million definite group room nights on the books with an increase of 200,000 room nights on the second quarter. This represents approximately 82% of 2019 actual group room nights up from 80% last quarter. Group rate on the books for 2022 is up 6% to third quarter of 2019, a 90 basis point increase over last quarter. Total group revenue pace for the remainder of 2022 is down just 70 basis points for the same time 2019. As we look forward to 2023, we currently have 2.6 million definite group room nights on the books, an increase of 400,000 room nights since last quarter. Total group revenue pace is not only 5.8% driven by rate on the books being up over 6% to 2019. We expect the short-term nature of group bookings to continue over the near term and are encouraged by the large base we have on the books already. Sourav will get into more detail on business mix, markets, and our balance sheet in a few minutes. In addition to delivering operational improvements, we continue to execute on our three strategic objectives, all of which are aimed at elevating the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. As a reminder, our objectives include redefining the hotel operating model with our managers, gaining market share at hotels through comprehensive renovations, and strategically allocating capital to development ROI projects. We are targeting a range of $147 million to $222 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA, on an annual basis from the initiatives and projects underlying, our three strategic objectives. We continue to make progress on the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, as we believe these renovations allow us to capture incremental market share. At the JW Marriott, Buckhead, which has a RevPAR index your gain of 13.2 points over trailing 12-month basis compared to its pre-renovation index. Trailing 12-month transient rates are up an 11% over 2019 and banquet revenue per group room night has increased by over 6%. In addition to the positive momentum we are seeing at the JW Marriott, Buckhead, we have seen a RevPAR index share gain of a 11.7 points at our New York Marriott Downtown on a trailing 12-month basis compared to its pre-renovation index a 7.6 point gain at the Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island, all far exceeding our targeted range of three to five points of RevPAR index gains at renovated assets. In addition to the 16 Marriott Transformational Capital Program assets, we have eight hotels where we have completed or in the process of completing comprehensive renovations. This includes the Don CeSar located in the St. Pete Beach, Florida. The renovated resort is a phenomenal performer for us with a RevPAR index share gain of 12.8 points over its pre-renovation average. In closing, as macroeconomic concerns continue to play out, we believe our capital allocation efforts over the past few years and our quarter's balance sheet leave us very well-positioned to navigate any challenges that might lie ahead. We have worked with our managers to redefine the operating model, manipulated reinvested in our assets and maintained a strong investment great balance sheet. We will continue to be patient and opportunistic as we position our portfolio for outperformance. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim. And good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our third quarter operations, full year guidance, and our balance sheet. Starting with topline performance, rate continues to drive the RevPAR upside, especially at our Sunbelt and Hawaii hotels where rate was up more than 25% to the third quarter of 2019. Rates at our urban and downtown hotels surpassed 2019 levels for the first time since the onset of the pandemic with rates 4% above the third quarter of 2019. Turning to business mix. Overall transient revenue was up 2% over the third quarter of 2019, driven by 25% rate growth. Holiday's throughout the quarter and into October continue to recover from an occupancy perspective with Columbus Day achieving the highest holiday occupancy post-pandemic. Urban and downtown holiday occupancy growth outpaced Sunbelt and Hawaiian market with especially strong demand growth in Chicago, New York, and Washington D.C. Business transient revenue was down 22% to the third quarter of 2019 but volume improved 300 basis points over last quarter, driven by our hotels in New York, Washington D.C., Boston, and Seattle. Business transient rooms sold reached a new quarterly high in the recovery and August set the new monthly high water mark with more than a 120,000 rooms sold beating the prior record set in June. In September, the overall business transient rooms sold was slightly ahead of August when comparing to 2019, driven by our urban and downtown hotels and encouragingly business transient rates were up 3.1% to the third quarter of 2019. Looking specifically at recent business transient trends in urban and downtown markets, rooms sold were just 10% below 2019 in September, driven by San Francisco and Denver which exceeded 2019 level while New York was just 3% below 2019. Turning to Group. This quarter marks the first time that revenue had surpassed 2019 levels for group business overall. In addition, corporate and association group revenue surpassed 2019 levels marking 3000 milestones for our portfolio in the recovery. In the quarter, group total revenues including out of rooms spent was 5% above the third quarter of 2019, driven by a 6% increase in rate. In the quarter for the quarter, group room sold were up 20% over the third quarter of 2019. Group room revenue in Sunbelt and Hawaiian markets was up 13% driven by rates and room nights sold were above 2019 levels for the first time post-pandemic. At our newly renovated New York Marriott Marquis, group room nights were up 36% to the third quarter of 2019 as group demand returned and the transform property is being very well received. From New Year's Eve weekend, our hotels in New York already have 62% occupancy on the book at an average rate of $610, an improvement of 219% compared to 2019. Corporate group revenue exceeded the third quarter of 2019 by 70 basis points driven by a 9% improvement in rate. Our hotels and resorts in New York, Maui, Orlando, Phoenix, and Washington D.C. contributed to the revenue outperformance. The Southeastern group revenue was up 20 basis points to the third quarter of 2019, driven by 4% rates growth. San Diego hotels drove most of the improvement benefitting from eleven citywide conferences. The Chicago hotels also benefitted from multiple cities wide group during the third quarter. Wrapping up on group with Social, Military, Educational, Religious, and Fraternal or SMERF groups revenue was up 14% compared to the third quarter of 2019, driven by a 20% increase in rooms sold at our urban and downtown hotels. Shifting gears to expenses, all owned hotel expenses were up 1.2% to the third quarter of 2019. The slight increase to expenses was driven by higher utilities and property insurance despite region and benefit savings which were down 1.4% to the third quarter of 2019. As expected, the starting lag we faced early in the recover began to ease in the third quarter and our managers believe they are near desired staffing level for current business volumes. Wrapping up on expenses, we continue to expect our annual wage and benefit rate inflation for 2021 to 2022 to be in the 4% to 5% range. Taking our strong topline and expense controls together, our fourth quarter all owned hotel EBITDA margin came in at 28.7%, which is 250 basis points better than the third quarter of 2019. But it's important to note that we received the business interruption proceeds from the Falls Pool Project at the Orlando World Center Marriott in the third quarter which benefitted our margin by approximately 60 basis points. For the second quarter in a row, margins were higher than 2019 across all operating departments driven by strong rates and increase out of room revenues on the topline combined with expand sufficiency's. As it relates to our efforts to redefine the operating mode, both wages and benefit expenses and above property cost remained below 2019 levels. To-date, our operators have achieved approximately 70% of the $100 million to $150 million that is expected to come from potential long-term cost savings based on 2019 all owned hotel revenues. Moving on to our outlook for 2022. We have updated our full-year guidance ranges. Taking into account the impacts of Hurricane Ian, we expect full-year 2022 all owned RevPAR for our portfolio to be between $193 to $195 or down 3.75% to down 2.75% to full-year 2019, which implied that our fourth quarter RevPAR will be slightly above the fourth quarter of 2019. Just so the RevPAR implies an adjusted EBITDA ROE of $1,470,000,000 to $1,500,000,000 at an all owned hotel EBITDA margin of 31.6% to 31.9%. It is worth noting that our all owned hotel metrics do not include the Four Seasons Jackson Hole. For reference, we estimate that Hurricane Ian negatively impacted our full-year RevPAR range by 70 basis points, our TrevPAR range by an 80 basis points, our adjusted EBITDA by $20 million and our all owned hotel EBITDA margin by 10 basis points. Despite the impacts of the hurricane, the midpoint of our updated full-year guidance ranges are still slightly above our 2019 all owned hotel results as presented on pages 28 and 29 of our supplemental financial information. These estimated ranges are driven by continued rate strength across our portfolio, a strong success season and a continued recovery in demand. Additional guidance details can be found in the reconciliations of our third quarter 2022 earnings release. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position, our weighted average maturity is 4.8 years at a weighted average interest rate of 4.1% and we have no significant maturities until 2024. As of today's call, we have $2.2 billion in total available liquidity which includes $187 million of FF&E reserves and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. Adjusting for the Four Seasons Jackson Hole acquisition and using the midpoint of our full-year 2022 EBITDAre guidance of $1,480,000,000, we would expect our year-end 2022 net leverage to be at 2.4 times looking unchanged from the third quarter. Wrapping up, in October we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share. All future dividends are subject to approval by the Company's Board of Directors, though we expect to be able to maintain a quarterly dividend at a sustainable level taking into consideration potential macroeconomic factors. As we consider future dividends, we intend to revert to a pre-pandemic announcement cadence. As a reminder, our fourth quarter dividend announcement would typically come in mid-December. To conclude, we believe our portfolio, our balance sheet, and our team are well-positioned to continue outperforming and we will continue to be strategic in the current macroeconomic environment. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Neil Malkin from Capital One Securities. Your line is live.
Neil Malkin: Hi, thank you. Thanks, everyone. Good morning. Jim, my question is related to potential opportunities to put your balance sheet to work over 2023 I guess or the next 12-to-18 months. You cited elevated time-based maturities. Obviously the brands are reinstating PIPs and lot of the debt market dislocation, unattractive terms as well. So, it seems like someone in your position with the balance sheet and you guys having the liquidity would be prime to take advantage of potential distress. Can you just talk about how you see that shaping up, what opportunities could look like next year? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Sure Neil, happy to share a little bit of color with you on how we think the market might evolve going forward. You correctly point out that we are in a unique position given the strength of our balance sheet. Being the only investment-grade lodging REIT and finishing this year, based on our guidance to the midpoint, a 2.4 times leverage puts us in a very unique position. I really believe that the fact that we were an all cash buyer gave us a competitive advantage in the Four Season Jackson Hole our acquisition. So, and we're able to move fast, we're able to continue to more talk of our relationships with owners and others in the industry and take that deal down with the closing period of less than 30 days from the time that we find the ROI. So, it puts us in a unique position as we look out into 2023 and '24, there's really a couple of different areas that I think acquisition opportunities may present themselves. And the CMBS market for full service hotel maturities in 2023, there's more than $7 billion. Our CMBS market for hotel maturity, full service hotel maturities in 2024 is over $10 billion. What we're seeing already to our inbound calls from all the hotels who have loans coming due over the next year to two years reaching out on a direct basis to see if we might have any interest in buying their property. Because it's going to be very difficult to refinance your loan apart plus the capital win for the assets that have been started from a PIP perspective. And you're correct in saying that the brands are now starting to reinstate PIPs, I think they were very lenient as well a lot of lenders during the pandemic but and now we're clearly through that period of time and we're seeing a lot of pressure not only in the CMBS market but from the brand company and also from the banks. The banks I think they are going to be taking a bit more of a firmer position and not kick the can down the road as we get into '23 and '24. So, we are delighted to be positioned where we are. We certainly intend to use the balance sheet, we will continue to be very disciplined in our capital allocation decisions and when we underwrite a deal, we underwrite it in a very conservative manner. And I think I mentioned in my remarks that our seven hotel acquisitions that we completed last year had beat our pro forma underwriting by a 100%. And we're excited to carry that all forward and look forward to the opportunities that may present themselves.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is live.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. Jim, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about this Four Season's acquisition in Jackson Hole on the pricing side. And do you feel like that kind of the level at 13.6 times EBITDA is at a discount where it might have been a couple of years ago or do these kinds of assets just not really see that much fluctuation in pricing in your view. And then, maybe I dont know if you can comment but and there are another 12 or so hotels that were in the strategic portfolio presumably Daijain [ph] continued some of DeSalvo. And then what's kind of your interest level there?
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Smedes. Let me talk about the process a little bit that brought us the Four Season. They brought three hotels to market. There has been a public announcement regarding the Four Season strain. I dont believe I'm in a position to really talk about the other asset given that we signed a confidentiality agreement. But suffices to say that we underwrote all three of the properties that were brought to market and we just couldnt get our arms around pricing for the other two assets. And thats why we pursue the Four Season Jackson Hole. And with respect to Jackson Hole in particular, this asset typically would trade at a multiple that's 15 times EBITDA or north a bit. And EBITDA is elevated, it's had a really terrific run during the pandemic. It's been discovered by a lot of people and it's a really unique iconic greenery place for hotel, right at the steps away from the gondola at Jackson Hole. Then the metrics that we purchased then onward, 13.6 times and at 6.6 CAP rate on 2022 results. And a couple of things that I think are really relevant when you talk about pricing on this asset are the following. I mentioned that the Jackson Hole airport is undergoing a renovation and expansion, was actually closed for three months this past summer. So, that crimped demand into the resort. Secondly, the property underwent a complete guest room and bathroom renovation which caused significant business disruption. So, as we look at it, we believe that 2022 performance was actually muted. And as that, the hotel renovation and expansion wraps up by the end of this year, we feel that the hotel the resort can get back to historical levels of occupancy. Which is the property is really unique because it is a Four Season resort. It's a Four Seasons property but it's a Four Season's resort that happens to be a ski resort as well with proximity to Grand Teton and Yellowstone National Parks, that's really a unique asset. So, we're delighted to own it. We see some asset management opportunities to create additional value as we typically do when we underwrite a deal. And we'll see where it goes moving forward for us. With respect to the other 12 properties, TBD whether or not or when they bring those assets to market. But again, given our balance sheet and given our relationship and given our performance on this transaction, we think we are really in a strong position to be a buyer of choice to some of these other assets. They got some terrific properties left like the Ritz-Carlton Laguna, Ritz-Carlton Half Moon Bay, they have a number of other Four Season's properties including the Four Season's in Austin, the Four Season's in Palo Alto. And so, I think they're sellers and I think we are given our balance sheet, our strength, our relationship, I think we are the buyer of choice.
Smedes Rose: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Sean Kelly from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Sean Kelly: Hi, good morning everyone. Jim as well just trying to kind of gauge the sequential pattern in the recovery here. We're seeing a little bit more bifurcation across the space a little bit just as we get into the more mature phase of the recovery and the bounce back incorporating group. So, and you're going to go boil down your outlook for the fourth quarter, are just overall trends we think about leisure in a group and BT. Are they a little bit better for you sequentially in 4Q relative to 3Q and if so what's kind of driving that give us a little bit of color on what you're able to see out over the next couple of months?
Jim Risoleo: I'll start off by saying like when you look at our fourth quarter guidance, even once you take out the negative impact of Ian, we actually raised the guidance RevPAR by 25 bips and this was to the midpoint, obviously and adjusted EBITDA by $7.5 million. So obviously, when you look at sort of our expectations for fourth quarter, we continue to be optimistic in terms of all segments of demand. From a BT perspective, there has been sequential improvement month-over-month and when you look at specifically September, for urban downtown hotels, BT was down just 10%, which is really encouraging in San Francisco and Denver, as we've been showing on the prepared remarks was actually above 19 levels in New York was just shy of 3% to 19. So these are rates are holding strong. The holiday season is looking really good. Thanksgiving is pacing really well with total revenue is actually up 5% with rates up close to 40%. The same holds true for Christmas rates are up 40%. The only thing on the group side for Q4 to keep in mind when you think about absolute room nights is a couple of things. A) Is the Jewish holidays, both Jewish holidays, fell in September in '19 whereas that was split for 2022 one fell in September one in October? So that's going to obviously have a negative impact for Q4. And so as the midterm elections, which is also going to have somewhat of a negative impact in terms of absolute room nights, but rate is pacing ahead. We've picked up meaningful amount of group room nights for not only in the quarter for the quarter for Q3 but booked about 129,000 room nights for Q4 which is 10%, above 2019. So all in all, still very positive trajectory, have confidence and hence we raised our overall guidance, despite the impact of Ian.
Sean Kelly: Thank you very much for that. And then just as a follow up sort of just going layer deeper, you talked about the sort of the BT magnitude improving and getting close in a number of markets. Any thoughts or any color you can provide on sort of large corporate activity relative to small we are getting into negotiated rate season. And I believe that that's going to be, I think Marriott talked about it earlier today, being up double digits but just can you give us a little bit of color on just how they're behaving? Are you seeing small and medium and some of your channel partners delivering more demand in small and medium channels? And then large corporates are just how people are acting on the ground a little bit. 
Jim Risoleo: Sure. Through the course of the year, actually we have been seeing more uptake off large corporate groups coming in started off with more small medium size, and we saw a decent pickup of large. What we are overall AI in terms of just tailwind for next year. The big piece, which is still remaining is sort of the large associations, and citywide business. And frankly, with the large associations, they all have a governing board, which needs to determine which city they'll hold their events at which hotels they will pick. Though a lot of the decisions are going to be made effectively over the next two months. So we expect booking activity on those large associations do need to pick up in the first quarter of '23. But overall, through the course of the year, we've actually seen an uptick in more larger groups as to what we saw in the beginning of the year, which was more small, medium sized groups. And frankly, the rate is holding, rates for next year. That's up over 6% what we have on the books for our definite group of nights that we have in the box. And on special corporate negotiations, that really is still in progress. And we had said earlier and so at the management companies we expect to end up in sort of the high single digits once it's all said and done.
Sean Kelly: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore. Your  line is live.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, thank you. I'm wondering if you could just provide some perspective on how you evaluate capital allocation. What is the process or the metrics you use to balance? How do we think about incremental share repurchase for versus investing in your own existing properties versus opportunistic asset purchases?
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Duane. We are in a unique position to have the balance sheet that allows us to allocate capital in a number of different areas. If we look at the potential acquisition of an asset, like the Four Seasons, Jackson Hole, property of that nature is not going to come to market on a regular basis. I really feel that if we hadn't acquired that asset, it was likely to be acquired by somebody who would likely never sell that hotel. So capital allocation decisions are made based on elevating the EBITDA gross profile of portfolio, returning capital to shareholders when we think that's appropriate. And at a moment in time. This asset was available now and that's why we elected to make the acquisition. So we are going to continue to be prudent in our capital allocation decisions. We're going to look at what we think is the best use of our funds. As you know, we have been very forthright in investing in our portfolio from 2020 through 2022 we have deployed $1.5 billion of capital in our existing assets. We will have fully reposition 24 properties, 16 in the Marriott transformational capital program plus an additional eight that are really outperforming our expectations and creating long term shareholder value, which is really our overriding objective. As we think about capital allocation, the RevPAR gains that we are seeing are generally approaching double digit if not higher, and that puts us in a position to outperform the competition. And we think that is a really smart use of capital going forward. That's not to say if we don't see opportunities down the road to continue to use our balance sheet that we won't be in the market buying back shares. So as I said, on the second quarter call, we think this is a time to be patient to see what comes down the road. And as we can see today, there's a lot of dislocation occurring, given the Fed meeting yesterday, and what's happening with the Pound versus the U.S. dollar. So we're all in a very good position going forward. We like even a multiple on the Four Seasons, Jackson Hole as well at 13.6 times for a luxury resort that we feel is going to outperform going forward. And we'll bring that into a stabilized EBITDA multiple of 11 to 13 times over the next several years. So that's how we think about it. And there's, it's not, we don't put peanut butter in a piece of toast when we're thinking about how we're going to deploy capital. But we look at all the opportunities that are available for us.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I appreciate those thoughts, Jim. And if I could just ask a follow up on Florida. Not the first time we've seen storm activity or hurricane activity. Can you talk about maybe holiday bookings or the strength of peak leisure bookings in Florida ex the Gulf Coast and are you seeing perhaps any benefit in properties ex-southwest Florida, from this disruption?
Jim Risoleo: Well, we actually were in a position to move some business from the Ritz Carlton, Naples, to our Four Seasons Resort Orlando, right after the hurricane hit, we moved a very sizable wedding group to that property. The Ritz Carlton Golf Lodge, which was not affected by Ian, has been running full out. Groups that we had at the beach resort that we moved over there. So that property is really picked up business. Maybe Sourav can perhaps get into a little bit of detail around what we're seeing for the holidays because it's very strong across the board. And the Naples property is going to remain closed through the balance of this year to 2023 and we're looking at various stage reopening options. When we have more information we will certainly share that with everyone. Coconut Point is going to be back in business in the next week or so. And the only part of that property that is still in a state of disrepair is the Waterpark, really, which we hope to have back on by April. So it's very unfortunate that this happens. But it's the business that we're in, and we're very well prepared to manage through the process, and to move business to our other resorts that didn't suffer any damage. With that I will let Sourav talk a little bit about holiday bookings.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. There is definitely compression that's happening in the overall Florida market, not specifically in any specific market within Florida. But just overall, we're seeing that compression offer. What I will say is the business equal, what we're seeing is room nights certainly have picked up in the last couple of weeks. But what's so interesting is the rates have really gone through the roof, relative to '19. Like I mentioned, our overall portfolio, that rate is north of 40%. We are seeing similar trends upload as well.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Chris Woronka: Hey, guys, good morning. Thanks for all the details so far. We talked a lot about the impressive run rate growth rate that we're continuing to see. Haven't heard as much about kind of the ancillary pricing on some of the group business, like the catering and things like that. And where I'm going with it is I'm trying to kind of triangulate looking ahead. You've made a lot of progress on margins, across the hotels, but next year, as we get a heavier group mix, versus this year, do you think you have moved margins and prices up enough on the some of the ancillary group stuff to kind of offset the impact of cleaning more rooms as occupancy presumably goes higher next year?
Sourav Ghosh: Absolutely. I think let me start off by saying that banquet and catering business has been very strong for the third quarter, we were up 6% in 2019 on absolute basis and when you look at it on a per room night basis, we were up 8.7%. So clearly, the folks that are coming into our hotels, the groups that are coming in are spending significantly more. And what's been great is when you look at the food cost and the beverage costs across our portfolio, it is actually better than what it was in 2019. So certainly our managers along closely work with asset managers as well are adjusting menu pricing on a real time basis to really adjust for any inflationary pressures. So overall, that's how we've been able to, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, how we've been able to really drive margin performance across all departments. And we feel very confident that the measures that we have in place and the long term initiatives that we have worked through over the past 12 to 18 months are sustainable. And we definitely are looking at margin expansion going into next year relative to '19.
Chris Woronka: Yes, thanks Sourav. Just a quick, quick follow up on that if I can, when you talk about some of the group revenues, are you talking more on pricing increases? Or is there a way to kind of look at is the take rate or attachment similar or higher than it was on 2019 as well?
Sourav Ghosh: It's both. Take rate definitely is higher. Groups are definitely spending more than they did. And pricing has adjusted as well. But I would say it's not just a function of pricing. Certainly we are seeing groups asking for more. And frankly, buying more premium shelf menu items as well as premium sort of shell bar options as well. That's what they're what they're picking. So it's both.
Chris Woronka: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Aryeh Klein from BMO. Your line is live.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks. You've made ultra-high end properties a clear focus, and there are certainly plenty of concerns around the macro and luxury hasn't historically done well in a recession. Is there any nuance within high end luxury resorts that suggested behaves differently than the rest of luxury?
Jim Risoleo: Luxury resorts have consistently outperformed. Our ultra-luxury resorts already have consistently outperformed, luxury and every other property type over time. So as an example, as we looked at the Four Seasons Resort Jackson Hole, looking at the performance of that property from 2014 to 2019, it had a 5.8% RevPAR CAGR. The ultra-luxury resort generally had a RevPAR CAGR during that same timeframe of 4.3%. So clearly, ultra-luxury outperforms and this asset in particular outperforms the ultra-luxury set. So as we evaluated back in 2018, the one hotel [indiscernible] when we first really dug into how ultra-luxury performs and how its performed over time and we look back as far as 1992 today at different timeframes to see how these assets hold up during downturns, during recessions. The other thing I would point out, as we sit today is the $1.7 trillion of excess savings that's still in the system, 80% of that are in that savings amount, it's in the upper income brackets. So we're certainly not seeing any pullback on ultra-luxury performance and I expect that going forward, it's going to hold up very well if we were to suffer any sort of slowdown. One of the assets that we acquired last year, which is the Four Seasons Resort Orlando, at Walt Disney World, we bought that asset I think it was a 16.8 times EBITDA multiple on 2019 performance. It's going to finish this year, eight times EBITDA multiple on our purchase price. So I think as this further testament to how ultra-luxury is performing, the same thing has happened with the Alila Ventana that's going to finish the year at eight times EBITDA and not seeing any slowdown in booking trends, zero resistance to ADR growth.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks. And then just Sourav can you just talk to the remaining 30% of redefining the operating model and maybe the timing around that?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. That's sort of still evolving like I'd mentioned on previous calls, a part of it is just evolving brand standards. And we continue to work with our managers to identify brand standards that we can completely eliminate or modify. Some of it just frankly, just takes a little more time. And especially as business comes back to normalcy and you have more of the frequent guests coming back to the hotels, you just have a better sample set to make those determinations as to what brand standards make sense on a stabilized perspective. The other piece, which will take a little more time, we are have a lot of proof of concepts and pilots going on our hotels is just looking at various technology that can drive productivity improvements, just overall efficiencies of the hotel, whether it's incremental revenue or whether it's just reducing expenses, all kinds of different sort of technologies that we can leverage. Frankly, that's sort of your test hardware, there are things to it, and you do multiple pilots and see what works best, and then you sort of roll it up across the portfolio. So I would say you're looking at probably next 12 to 18 months for some of this and in some cases, some technologies are probably 20 months out before we can really roll it out across a portfolio.
Aryeh Klein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jay Kornreich from SMBC. Your line is live.
Jay Kornreich: Thank you. Good morning. I just taking the flip side of the acquisition conversation as many companies are looking at the balance sheet and going on the defensive ahead of the possible recession. Given the uncertainty of the microphone, what would you need to see to take a more defensive stance and hold that position in the [indiscernible] more capital to the balance sheet?
Jim Risoleo: Let me start by saying, Jay that at this point in time, we're not seeing any signs of weakness in any of our segments, Leisure group and business transients and that is not only for the balance of this year, but that's as we look out into 2023. Now, of course, we don't have budgets yet for 2023 and we're not giving guidance for 2023 at this point in time, but we feel that we're really set up quite well to continue to perform, outperform as we move into 2023. If we started to see business transit follow up, if we started to see a real impact in the job market, we started to see corporate groups not booking or canceling. We would become more defensive. Now, that said, I think we're in a terrific position sitting here today, at 2.4 times leverage. We truly have a fortress balance sheet. We don't have any maturity in 2024. And the maturity that we have is a $400 million bond issue in 2024 that being investment grade, we're always going to have access to the debt markets granted, it might be a little more expensive than the current pricing, but we're going to be able to do what we need to do. Our entire portfolio with the exception, I think of two assets is fully unencumbered. So having been through slowdowns and downturns in the past, we keep a keen eye on this demand generators. And if we see things starting to turn us out, then we'll get a little more conservative and defensive.
Jay Kornreich: Okay, thanks for the color. And then just as a follow up tangentially, on the topic of raising capital. Are there any other assets you've highlighted that you'd like to either dispose of or markets you'd like to have less exposure to?
Jim Risoleo: Well, we continually look at what actions we can take to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of hosts. And in the context of the Jackson Hole deal that does give us an opportunity to effectuate a reverse like kind exchange, if we can put a portfolio together and get fair value. To do that in this market, it's likely we would have to provide seller financing. And we'd be prepared to do that with the right sponsor, and on the right terms. The assets that we've disposed off, have really gone a long way toward helping us to elevate the EBITDA gross profile of the company, even last year. Just to summarize, between 2018 and 2022, we bought $3.5 billion of assets at a $13.7 times EBITDA multiple. We dispose of $4.9 billion at a 17 times EBITDA multiple and that takes into account close to a billion dollars that avoided CapEx. And it also allowed us to not suffer the attendant business disruption that would occur with that. So that is where we would go -- going forward. If we can get the right pricing, and we have the right sponsor, we are prepared to transact additional asset sales over the next six months to a year and a half or so.
Jay Kornreich: Thanks. That's very helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is live.
David Katz: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Covered a lot of ground but I wondered if you could just circle back and comment on appetite views, perspectives on urban assets and various sort of ranges of cities versus leisure/resort type assets and how you're thinking about those categories?
Jim Risoleo: David, it really comes down to pricing and growth. And if we feel that we can buy an urban asset at the right price and that it's going to perform in a manner that's going to EBITDA gross profile of the company, taking into account capital considerations and renovations and all other items associated with owning a hotel, with buying the hotel, then I would say it in a broad sense, there's really no market that has a red line drawn through it today. We are going to continue to be really thoughtful about geographic diversification and outside of Maui or Oahu and where we have 12% of our EBITDA coming out of both of those markets. There is no one single market in the country where we have more than 10% or even a coming out today in 2022. The two I believe that at 10% are Orlando and San Diego two terrific markets. So as we think about allocating capital, we think it's important that we maintain a very geographically diverse portfolio and that we put capital in places where we're going to be able to generate outsized returns.
David Katz: Just that simple. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. To be respectful of other calls that's all the time we have for today. I will now hand the conference back to Jim Risoleo for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We truly appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. I hope you enjoy the holiday season and I look forward to seeing many of you in Nareit in a few weeks. Thank you for your continued support.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and hotel-level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release, and our 8-K filed with the SEC, and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim. 
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. Once again, we delivered significant outperformance during the second quarter, and substantially beat all consensus metrics. During the second quarter, our adjusted EBITDAre was $500 million, and our adjusted FFO per share was $0.58. Our all owned hotel EBITDA of $510 million in the second quarter was 19% above 2019, driven by an accelerating recovery in our urban and downtown markets and continued strength in Sunbelt markets. In addition to exceeding 2019 levels, our second quarter adjusted EBITDAre was also the highest in Host's history. All owned hotel revenues in the second quarter increased 3.7% over the second quarter of 2019, while all owned hotel operating expenses were down 3.8%. The increase in revenues was driven by strong rates across the portfolio, coupled with stronger-than-usual other revenues. All owned hotel RevPAR for the second quarter was $219, a 31% improvement over the first quarter. This represents the first time our quarterly RevPAR has exceeded 2019 levels, since the onset of the pandemic. Our recent acquisitions, dispositions and renovated properties, continue to contribute to our performance, which I will discuss in a few minutes. Preliminary, all owned hotel RevPAR for July is expected to be approximately $195, which is slightly above July of 2019. Consistent with historical seasonal trends and shifting business and market mix, we expect third quarter nominal RevPAR to be below that of the second quarter. While macroeconomic concerns have been dominating the headlines, we are not seeing any signs of a weakening consumer in our business. As we look to history, it is worth discussing why we think today's macroeconomic environment, with respect to lodging is different. First, certain segments of the lodging industry are still recovering, and we believe there is meaningful room for growth, particularly in the business transient and group segments. Even more encouraging, hotels benefit from the ability to reprice rooms on a nightly basis ahead of rising costs, even during periods of high inflation, as was the case in the 1970s. Second, consumers and businesses have significantly more cash on hand with leverage and debt service ratios better than they were prior to the great financial crisis in 2008. The labor market is also exceptionally strong, with over three million more jobs opened than we had at the height of the last expansion and an unemployment rate hovering near a five-decade low. In addition, we have continued to benefit from a consumer spending rotation away from goods and into services, including travel and we expect this trend to continue. Lastly, we expect to benefit from exceptionally low supply growth for the next several years. The total pipeline has fallen by 11% since the start of the pandemic and the number of rooms in construction is down 30%. As a result, industry projections suggest annual supply growth of just over 1% through 2023, well below the long-term average of 1.8%. In contrast, supply growth at the start of the last three downturns was running at over 2.5%. The market way to supply growth for Host's portfolio is projected to be approximately 1%, as we will benefit from exceptionally low growth in places like San Diego, Hawaii, and San Francisco. Despite these tailwinds, many are concerned about the potential impact to our business which is still in a demand recovery mode. In the second quarter, group demand was 9% below 2019, while business transient demand was 25% below 2019. These factors could mean that any softening demand simply prolongs the trajectory of the lodging recovery instead of leading to an absolute decline in occupancy and rate. Irrespective of potential future macroeconomic challenges, we believe that Host is well positioned to outperform the broader industry. We have dramatically improved the quality of our portfolio through our capital allocation efforts. We have invested in our assets and we have an investment-grade balance sheet. Further, we believe the current rising interest rate environment could create opportunities for Host, as other buyers may step to the sidelines. Our 2021 acquisitions continued to perform substantially ahead of our underwriting expectations. Based on updated performance for full year 2022, EBITDA from our seven new hotel acquisitions is expected to be 77% above our underwriting expectations, already putting us within our disclosed stabilization range of 10 times to 12 times EBITDA. Looking back on our transaction activity since 2018, we have acquired $3.2 billion of assets at a 14 times EBITDA multiple and disposed of $4.9 billion of assets at a 17 times EBITDA multiple, including $938 million of estimated foregone capital expenditures. Impairing all owned hotel 2019 results for our portfolio to 2017, we have increased the RevPAR of our assets by 11%, EBITDA per key by 25%, EBITDA margins by 190 basis points and avoided considerable business disruption associated with capital projects. Turning to second quarter operations, our all owned hotel revenue was up nearly 4% to second quarter 2019, driven by 15% rate growth. Transient revenue was up 10% compared to second quarter 2019 and rate was up 22% with growth driven by significant demand across our urban and downtown markets. Our resort properties continue to outperform with transient revenue up more than 50% to second quarter 2019, driven by 70% transient rate growth. We had five resorts with transient rates above $1,000 for the quarter and of those five, the two highest rates were at hotels we acquired in 2021. The Four Seasons Resort, Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort had a second quarter transient average rate that exceeded $1,500 and the Alila Ventana Big Sur had a transient average rate of over $2,000. Providing some detail on a few of our urban markets. San Francisco saw continued positive momentum throughout the second quarter with many groups performing at pre-pandemic levels on peak nights. Some of these are picking up on weekends and business transient picking up with the return of big tech and consulting companies. In addition San Francisco citywide throughout the quarter created a compression on peak nights for our downtown hotels. In New York, second quarter RevPAR was flat to 2019 and business transient rooms sold increased more than 75% compared to the first quarter. 2022 group pace for our New York hotels is up over 5% to 2019 and our New York Marriott Marquis is on track to exceed 2019 group room nights, driven by two significant bookings within the past 60 days. In total, these two groups booked 17,000 room nights and are expected to contribute approximately $5 million in the second half of 2022. Turning to group. Business surged back at our hotels during the second quarter. Group revenue was down just 3% to second quarter 2019, driven by 6% rate growth. In the second quarter, our hotels sold 1.1 million group room nights, a 64% increase over the first quarter and we continue to be encouraged by net booking activity in the quarter for the quarter. Looking forward to our expectations for group in 2022, we currently have 3.5 million definite group nights on the books with 1.7 million coming in the second half. This is a meaningful increase to the 3 million group room nights we had on the books for 2022 as of the first quarter and it represents approximately 80% of 2019 actual group room nights, up from 70% last quarter. For comparison, at the end of the second quarter of 2019, we had 94% of 2019 actual group room nights on the books. Group rate on the books for 2022 is up 5% to the same time 2019, a 30 basis point increase over last quarter. For the remainder of the year, total group revenue pace is down just 30 basis points to the same time in 2019. As we look forward to 2023, we currently have 2.2 million definite group room nights on the books, which is down 16% to the second quarter of 2019. Our operators saw an acceleration in group bookings during the second quarter for 2023, that meeting planners are not hitting pause on future bookings. That said, we do expect the short-term nature of group bookings, to continue over the near term. In addition, to delivering significant operational improvements, we continue to execute on our three strategic objectives, all of which are aimed at elevating the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. As a reminder, our objectives include redefining the hotel operating model with our managers, gaining market share at hotels through comprehensive renovations, and strategically allocating capital to development ROI projects. We are targeting a range of $147 million to $222 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA, on an annual basis from the initiatives and projects underlying, our three strategic objectives. Sourav, will get into more detail on business mix, markets and redefining our operating model in a few minutes. We have completed 12 out of 16 properties in the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, and we expect to substantially complete three additional properties, by the end of this year. We believe these renovations, allow us to capture incremental market share, as is the case at the New York Marriott Marquis. It is evident that the renovated hotel is attracting new groups. Booking activity in the year, for the year, is 2.5 times the three-year pre-COVID average, and year-to-date group room revenue is 24% higher than 2019. In addition to the positive momentum, we are seeing at the New York Marriott Marquis, we have seen a RevPAR index share gain of 8.8 points, at the Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island, on a trailing 12-month basis compared to its pre-renovation index, a 12.7-point gain at the New York Marriott Downtown, and an 11.9-point gain at the JW Marriott, Buckhead all far exceeding our targeted range of three to five points of RevPAR index gains at renovated assets. In addition, to the 16 Marriott Transformational Capital Program assets, we have eight hotels where we have completed or are in the process of completing major renovations. One of these is the Hyatt Regency, Maui where we have seen a RevPAR index share gain of 8.5 points, since completed the transformational renovation in December of 2020. This hotel is expected to contribute $80 million in EBITDA in 2022, and is expected to be the largest EBITDA contributor to our portfolio this year. In total, the 16 Marriott Transformational Capital Program assets, the eight hotels where we have completed or are completing comprehensive renovations, and the seven hotels we recently acquired are expected to comprise over 50% of our 2022 all owned hotel EBITDA. From 2020 through the end of this year, we will have invested approximately $1.5 billion in our hotels, which equates to $35,000 per key. This compares favorably to our lodging, REIT peer average of just $19,000 per key. We believe our meaningful investments throughout the pandemic, and the recovery position our portfolio to outperform. When the 24 comprehensive renovations are complete, the average age of our guest rooms will have decreased by over 25%. As it stands today over the next five years, we estimate that less than 1/4 of our portfolio will require disruptive guestroom renovations. In closing, we believe we are very well positioned to outperform as the lodging recovery continues. We have significantly improved the quality of our portfolio through our capital allocation efforts, meaningfully reinvested in our assets and maintained a strong investment-grade balance sheet. As macroeconomic concerns play out, we will continue to be opportunistic and position our portfolio for outperformance. With that I will now turn the call over to Sourav. 
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments I will go into detail on our second quarter operations and full year guidance before wrapping up on our balance sheet our stock repurchase program and our dividend. Starting with top line performance, second quarter all owned hotel RevPAR of $219 exceeded 2019 for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. Even more encouraging is that all three months in the quarter exceeded 2019 levels.  Rate continues to drive the RevPAR upside especially at our Sunbelt and Hawaii hotels where rate was up more than 27% to the second quarter of 2019. Our urban and downtown hotels are showing a rapid improvement as well with rates just 2% below the second quarter of 2019. For context this is a 30% improvement over the first quarter paired with a 73% sequential increase in rooms sold in these markets. Turning to transient mix. Overall transient revenue was up 10% over the second quarter of 2019 driven by 22% rate growth. Holidays in the second quarter had steady growth in both transient occupancy and rate over the second quarter of 2019. Memorial Day weekend achieved 76% occupancy the highest holiday occupancy since the start of the pandemic. Our Sunbelt hotels and resorts achieved strong occupancy and rates with six markets exceeding 85% occupancy. Our urban and downtown hotels achieved the highest occupancies within our portfolio over the 4th of July weekend driven by hotels in Chicago, New York and Philadelphia.  Business transient revenue was down 24% to the second quarter of 2019, but increased 66% over the first quarter, driven by a 48% increase in rooms sold. Business transient rooms sold grew progressively throughout the quarter and June set a new high watermark with more than 112,000 rooms sold beating the prior record set in May.  The mix of business transient has now shifted to urban and downtown markets where rates exceeded Sunbelt markets and rooms sold grew 75% over the first quarter. In the second quarter, top 10 traditional accounts represented 56% of all business transient room nights compared to 60% in 2019. In addition, for the first time since onset of the pandemic weekday occupancy for our total portfolio surpassed weekend occupancy yet another sign of a return to normalcy. Turning to Group. Revenue in the quarter was just 3% below the second quarter of 2019 driven by a 6% increase in rate. More than half of the 64% increase in Group rooms sold over the first quarter came from our urban markets including Washington DC, San Francisco, New York and Chicago.  Further illustrating the surge in group demand group revenue in June was up approximately 3% over 2019. Net, in the quarter for the quarter group rooms booked were 77% higher than the second quarter of 2019. This is evidenced of the continued short-term booking nature of group business and the basis for optimistic outlook on group for the remainder of the year. Corporate group revenue was down just 5% compared to the second quarter of 2019, driven by a 10% improvement in rate. Corporate group rooms sold were up 56% over the first quarter and both rate and room nights were driven by growth in New York and San Francisco. Association Group revenue was down 13% for the second quarter of 2019 aided by a 2% improvement in rate. However, association group rooms sold were up 74% to the first quarter of 2022 with most of the growth in Washington D.C., San Francisco and Chicago. Short-term association business is becoming more active as attendance increases and we expect bookings in this segment to overtime. Wrapping up on group with Social, Military, Educational, Religious and Fraternal or SMERF groups revenue was up 25% compared to the second quarter of 2019, driven fairly evenly by rooms sold and rates. Most of the increase in rooms sold over the first quarter occurred in our urban and downtown markets. Shifting gears to expenses, all owned hotel expenses were down 3.8% to second quarter 2019 while all owned hotel revenues were up 3.7%. Expense declines were driven by wages and benefit savings, down 7% to the second quarter of 2019. Our properties have worked to insulate operations from rising costs. And thus far we are not seeing a discernible impact on overall controllable operating costs. At this time any expense growth is concentrated at our resorts where strong demand is driving increased rates and higher out-of-room spend. Turning to staffing and wages staffing at our hotels remains at approximately 94% of desired levels based on business volume compared to 97% historically. While our operators fill several thousand open positions during the quarter, a lag between demand and staffing levels still exists at certain hotels. We expect this lag to gradually diminish through continued hiring and normal seasonal market and mix shift in the second half of the year. Wrapping up on expenses, we continue to expect our annual wage and benefit rate inflation for 2021 to 2022 to be in the 4% to 5% range. Taking our strong top line and expense controls together, our second quarter all owned hotel EBITDA margin came in at 37.1% which is 480 basis points better than the second quarter of 2019 and the highest all owned hotel EBITDA margin in Host's history. Margins improved in both Sunbelt and urban markets across all operating departments driven by strong rates and increased other revenue on the top line, combined with expense efficiencies and hiring challenges in certain markets. To-date, our operators have achieved approximately 70% of the $100 million to $150 million that is expected to come from potential long-term cost savings based on 2019 all owned hotel revenues. As other revenues normalize and hiring continues, we expect margins will moderate while remaining above 2019 levels. Moving on to our outlook for 2022. We are pleased to be able to reinstate full year guidance, as we are now seeing more normal seasonal trends in our portfolio. We expect full year 2022 all owned hotel RevPAR for our portfolio to be between $191 to $195, or down 4.5% to down 2.5% to full year 2019. As you think about the quarterly RevPAR cadence, we expect third and fourth quarter operations to be slightly above 2019. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2022 was severely impacted by Omicron, which drives our full year RevPAR range slightly below 2019. This range implies an adjusted EBITDAre of $1.445 billion to $1.510 billion and all owned hotel EBITDA margin of 31.5% to 32.1%. For reference, the midpoint of these ranges is slightly above our 2019 all owned hotel results as presented on pages 22 and 23 of our supplemental financial information. These estimated ranges are driven by normal seasonality at our Sunbelt hotels and resorts, alongside continued growth at our urban and downtown hotels, as group and business change in demand continues to pick up at a meaningful pace. Additional guidance details can be found in the reconciliations of our second quarter 2022 earnings release. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is five years at a weighted average interest rate of 3.7% and we have no significant maturities until 2024. As of quarter end, we had $2.4 billion in total available liquidity, comprised of approximately $699 million of cash $179 million of FF&E reserves and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. Subsequent to quarter end, our Board of Directors authorized an increase in our share repurchase program, increasing our total authorization back to $1 billion, which is consistent with our previous authorization. As is the case with our ATM Program, we view our share repurchase program as another capital allocation tool to help us maximize financial flexibility. Wrapping up, I am pleased to share that our Board of Directors authorized a third quarter dividend of $0.12 per share on Host's common stock, a 100% increase over the prior quarter and the second time we have doubled our dividend this year. All future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors, but we expect to be able to maintain our quarterly dividend at a sustainable level, taking into consideration potential macroeconomic factors. To conclude, we believe the operating improvements we have seen this year signal a robust lodging cycle ahead. As we have seen quarter-after-quarter during this recovery, our portfolio, our balance sheet and our team are differentiated and well positioned to continue outperforming in any macroeconomic environment. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourselves to one question.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
Neil Malkin: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Fantastic quarter across the board. Well done. A question on MTCP, I mean I think it's clear that it's well ahead of schedule meaningfully outperforming. Can you just talk about kind of what you're seeing as far as the group impact? You mentioned briefly you're getting some new groups. But can you just talk about how you see the strategic renovations at those sort of bigger more complex hotels is going to -- you expect it to drive group seemingly to new levels, given your comments about how far below associations are and being down, just what 8% or 9% from 2019? And if you can help us at all quantify that in terms of run rate or anything like that that obviously be helpful. Thank you.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Neil. Look, we couldn't be happier with the performance we're seeing out of our MTCP hotels as well as other hotels that we embarked on transformational comprehensive renovations. We think that it was a very good time to be renovating our properties. By the end of this year, we will have invested $1.5 billion in our assets that equates to roughly $35,000 a key. And relative to the REIT peer group, where they spend $19,000 a key, we believe that that puts our portfolio in the full position to outperform going forward. So, in addition to the few properties that we referenced on the call today, with respect to RevPAR index, let me remind you that we have talked about gaining three to five points of market share. That's how we underwrote our investments in the MTCP assets. We are blowing through those numbers. We have, in addition to the New York Marriott Downtown, which is up 12.7 points and the JW Buckhead, which is up 11.9, Coronado Island is up over seven points now, the Don CeSar is up over five points, it's close to six points, and the others that are coming back online, its a little too soon to really look back to the baseline because we don't have enough run room yet. But I think the New York Marriott Marquis is an excellent example of what a fully refreshed and renovated hotel will do for you, because the booking activity and the level of group room nights that we've seen at that property are off the charge. So, we expect as we get back to a sense of normalcy, which is clearly a direction we're heading in the business in general that our properties are going to continue to take more market share. There are just a lot of hotels out there that haven't had any capital invested in them. And regardless of whether or not properties are renovated and they suffer the attendant disruption, we'll pick that up. And if they're not renovated, well, the Marquis, the flagship that we can point to.
Neil Malkin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Aryeh Klein with BMO Capital Markets. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks and good morning. On the group side, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing on rates for new bookings? And then in-quarter group bookings have been well above 2019 for you and the industry. Can you talk a little bit about why that might be sustainable? And is that something that could be disproportionately impacted if the macro were to worsen? 
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, Aryeh. On the group side I mean the rate story has been really strong. And what I'll say is for the second half of the year, we actually picked up 30 basis points in rate relative to what we had at the end of Q1. So our rate for the balance of the year is around 4.7%. And that holds true not only for the second half of the year but also looking out into 2023, where our rates are up close to 5% as well. What's super encouraging on the group side, I think a good stat to really look at is most recently, so despite all the macro noise, if you look at what we picked up in June for Q2, so we picked up 121,000 group room nights in the quarter for the quarter, which is 77% above 2019. In the second quarter for Q3 and Q4, we picked up about 319,000 room nights and that's 40% above 2019. And when you look at just June again for the second half, we picked up 126,000 room nights, which is 61% over 2019. So these are obviously meaningful pickup, most recently not only for Q2 but at the end of Q2 in June, which really indicates sort of strength in the group business, particularly I would say corporate group and the association is falling right behind it as well and picking up for the second half. And the rates thus far is super encouraging again for June relative to 2019 group rate was actually up 44%.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks. And then just on the sustainability of in quarter for the quarter bookings. Is that something you'd expect to continue? 
Sourav Ghosh: We do it. I mean it probably temper a little bit. I mean it's very difficult to say because it's such short-term business how much in the quarter for the quarter business will get or how much in the month for the month. But based on the trends we saw in Q2 in April, May, June, we would expect again a meaningful amount. I don't know if it's going to be exactly what we saw in Q2, but certainly a meaningful amount of short-term business pick up in the third and fourth quarters.
Jim Risoleo: Aryeh, one comment on 2023. One of the very encouraging facts that we can point to is that meeting planners have not hit pause. We're still seeing strong booking activity into 2023 with $2.2 million definites on the books for 2023 and the total group revenue pace continues to improve. It's down 9% now to 2019, with strong ADR growth. So hotels booked I think 253,000 group room nights in the quarter for 2023. That activity was about 83% of 2019 levels, which is about on par with where it was in quarter one. So very encouraging as we look out beyond even 2022.
Aryeh Klein: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
Chris Woronka: Hey. Good morning, guys. Jim, realizing that you don't solve for occupancy and understanding your data points about how much corporate and group occupancy is still possibly to be captured going forward. But do you think we're headed for structurally lower occupancy given the rates that you're able to get on the business you have? And the fact that the labor market might be tight for a while and you might not be able to get as much labor as you need at the price you want. So do you think we're going to end up 300 basis points or something lower on when we peak this cycle? 
Jim Risoleo: Yes. A lot in that question Chris. With respect to labor, let me touch on that first. And we talked about it's been quarter-over-quarter that we're running at roughly 94% of optimal levels compared to 97% pre-pandemic. I think the 97% number in and of itself is a little inflated because we took the opportunity early in the pandemic to really zero-based budget every hotel. And we've taken a number of positions out of the properties allowing the properties to become more efficient and increase productivity and you're seeing that come through in our margin performance as well. So I think the labor situation is going to stabilize. As we've said before and we look at this on a regular basis, we anticipate wage growth this year 4% to 5% -- probably 4.5% to 5% to be a lower tight in the range. So it's not off the charts. With respect to occupancy the trends are going solidly in the right direction on the group segment and the business transient segment. So we continue to pick up business transient room nights and not seeing any softness there whatsoever. So I think it's just a matter of time, it's going to evolve and it's not going to evolve evenly across the country. Are there going to be some markets that are going to take longer to get back to 2019 levels and others that are going back right now. So the short answer is we fully anticipate that we're going to see a recovery to prior peak occupancy levels both on the BT side and on the group side.
Chris Woronka: Great. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Duane Pfennigwerth at Evercore ISI. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
Duane Pfennigwerth: A little bit about holiday bookings. How do those bookings look relative to what you normally have on the books at this time and any new patterns emerging? 
Jim Risoleo: Duane, I think, you were asking about holiday bookings. Looking out into Thanksgiving and Christmas?
Duane Pfennigwerth: Exactly. How does that look relative to what you normally have on the books at this time? I realize it's a long way out. But clearly the trend on 3Q is a rotation from leisure to more corporate and group dependent. But as we look to kind of fourth quarter and beyond how do your holiday bookings look? 
Jim Risoleo: Very strong. Very, very strong. If you look at total Host, I would tell you that we're up into the double digits in terms of total revenue for Thanksgiving. And actually for Christmas, we are seeing a solid pickup as well, obviously, being driven by the Sunbelt markets and Maui. But that stat in and of itself gives us comfort that there's not going to be the pullback in consumer spending at our resort properties that some folks have talked about.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I appreciate that. And then maybe just one quick one on -- one quick follow-up on group. I know you alluded to some very large events that came close in, in New York. But how is the average group size trending as that book builds?
Sourav Ghosh: The average group size is actually very similar to what we saw back in 2019. It's not necessarily lower. There certainly what's happening is certainly certain groups are contracting for less, but then ending up increasing the minimum and actually spending more. Therefore, you'll see sort of a banquet and catering business pick up meaningfully well as well.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Sourav Ghosh: And that's not just for Host that's across the board. And just a quick stat on Labor Day and Jim's touched upon Thanksgiving and Christmas, our transient occupancy pace is ahead by 20% and our rate is a -- pace is ahead by 17% relative to 2019 for transient -- rate.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you for the thoughts.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Bill Crow at Raymond James. Please post your question. Your line is live.
Bill Crow: Hey good morning. Just a couple of questions. I apologize for that more than one here. But what are you seeing on shorter nights on Thursdays and Sundays that may or may not be indicative of any changes to the consumers' appetite?
Sourav Ghosh: We are actually seeing in the second quarter particularly as you saw in May and June things are returning to very similar patterns of what we saw in 2019 in terms of weekday and weekend. And now the weekday occupancy as we talked about has exceeded weekend occupancy for the portfolio it's about a six-point difference when you look at the second quarters', weekday occupancy is at 76% versus weekend at 70%. And when you look at Sunbelt and Hawaii, it's about a five-point difference; and then the urban it's about an eight-point difference. So urban is right now at 76% and weekend at 69%. So as we get back to a more normalized mix of business and as the urban downtown hotels pick up occupancy, we are seeing very, very similar weekday and weekend patterns relative to 2019.
Bill Crow: Okay. So maybe fewer long weekends than what we had seen before. Is that fair?
Sourav Ghosh: That's fair.
Bill Crow: Yeah. Okay. A two-part around 2023 and then I'll be done. The first part is on your Sunbelt resorts if we kind of limited that to Florida and Arizona and as you think about 2021 in the comps, do you think it's the RevPAR is going to be up at those properties versus 2021 certainly versus 2019? But -- and the second part of the question is Jim I'm going to take the other side of your argument on group for next year. I'm just curious, how we should -- should we really celebrate being down? I think you said 16 points -- or 16% of demand versus this time in 2019 if we haven't had meetings for two years and there's all this pent-up demand?
Jim Risoleo: You're talking about 2023 Bill? 
Bill Crow: Yeah, I'm talking about 2023, but in both cases the Sunbelt leisure comp to 2021 -- or excuse me to 2022 and where the group pace is?
Jim Risoleo: Again, the trends are moving in the right direction on the group pace. Let me talk about that first. The fact that we were able to book 253,000 group room nights in the quarter for 2023 and the activity was about 83% of 2019 levels. I think that we're not seeing anything that would lead us to believe that group is not going to continue to come back. I mean there is a lot of pent-up demand there. And based on conversations that our asset managers and revenue managers are having with our property managers and media planners everyone intends to get back to normal. I mean keep in mind what happened this year in the first quarter with Omicron. It really put a damper on things and we're seeing the business recover and feel pretty good about how 2023 is going to play out. So we're down 9% on the group revenue pace I think we'll see that gap continuing to close. So group revenue is pacing ahead of same time in 2019 for markets like the Florida Gulf Coast, Hawaii, New Orleans and San Antonio. So we are seeing some positives in individual markets and we expect that that will continue going forward. With respect to resort ADRs, we talked about this on the last call. And we do have some seasonality involved here with respect to our properties, but the fact that we drove $1,000 transient ADRs at five resorts in Q2 is very positive. We're not seeing the consumer pullback whatsoever and we intend to continue to ask for rate going forward. We're optimistic that we're going to be able to continue to drive rate maybe not at the same levels as we did in 2021 in this year, but we'll continue to ask for rate going forward as long as the demand is there.
Bill Crow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please post your question. Your line is live.
Floris Van Dijkum: Hey, guys. A question on capital allocation. With the increased authority to buy back stock, maybe if you can talk about sort of how you weigh all the options of buybacks versus refurbishments versus new acquisitions? And maybe touch upon what you're seeing right now in the acquisitions market and we haven't seen a whole lot of hotels trade? What your view is and whether that provides a competitive advantage to Host? And could we expect something activity there, or will you look at your own stock trading at a pretty substantial discount to consensus NAV and look to invest in? What's going to be the trigger for those decisions?
Jim Risoleo: We are -- Floris, we are uniquely positioned as a buyer of assets in this marketplace given where the debt capital markets are today, the fact that it is virtually impossible to get meaningful levels of debt on the acquisition front. So we're tracking a lot of transactions and we will balance whether or not the right decision is to invest in an asset, given where our cost of capital is today. And with the underwriting requirements will have to be, versus buying back our stock over the course of the balance of this year and into next year. So there hasn't been a broad repricing of buyer asks or seller asks out there on hotels that are actively in the market. You're right, that a lot haven't traded for. I think that's one reason why. The second reason why this is just very challenging for buyers to access to debt markets today. So with the liquidity we have today, the availability of a $1.5 billion revolver and the incremental cash that we're going to generate over the balance of this year, as business continues to churn along, we will be in the poll position. We will always invest in our assets. We can quantify the ROI. We're seeing it play out. And transformational comprehensive renovations, or ROI projects, we think that's a good place to put our capital and then there'll be a balance between share buybacks and investing in hotels.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks, Jim. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
Michael Bilerman: Yes. Great. Thanks. Jim, just sticking with the share buyback for a moment. I guess, how did you think about sizing the $1 billion relative to the prior authorization? And I guess, what triggered the company sort of re-up that and increase it to the size it was? And maybe just a little bit about your consideration during the quarter when those discussions were going on about taking advantage of the volatility that occurred? And just how -- if you didn't do it then how are you thinking about doing it in the future in terms of buybacks?
Jim Risoleo: Well, we took the buyback authorization to where it was pre-pandemic, Michael. We had a $1 billion authorization. We had $371 million remaining on it. So we took it back to $1 billion. And we will continue to watch where our stock trades relative to our view of the business environment and how 2022 is going to play out how we're feeling about 2023, as we get in a little further into this year and start thinking about budgets next year. And if there is a disconnect between the value of our stock price and how we think the company is going to perform, then we'll take advantage of that dislocation and enter the capital markets. We view the share buyback activity as another capital allocation tool.
Michael Bilerman: And Jim, how did you think about -- obviously, in the quarter there was a fair amount of volatility. Your stock has performed exceptionally well, January through early June, but obviously then went from $21 to below $6. Were you blacked out at that point? Or was your view of like, I don't know where this market is going. And despite knowing how well your assets were performing based on all the investments you've made in the assets and your operating platforms and the assets you own relative to the ones you sold, I guess, why wouldn't you have acted? I know hindsight is 2020. I'm just trying to understand sort of in the Board's mentality during that time when you've re-upped and the price was off significantly from its recent highs.
Jim Risoleo : Well, we certainly hope that the price doesn't go down from here. But at times Michael it just pays to be patient. And as things were playing out with geopolitical events, the price of oil was going quantitative tightening we just felt that it was more prudent at this point in time to preserve cash to sit back and to see what other opportunities might present themselves. So as I said, it's real time. It's -- there's a famous saying out there, when the facts change your opinion changes. So we'll keep it on how things are playing out. 
Michael Bilerman : I'll remind myself of that on our ratings too. You got to stay active when the facts change. I appreciate that Jim. Thanks for the time.
Jim Risoleo : Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Katz with Jefferies. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
David Katz : Hi. Good morning everyone, and thanks for taking my question. Just looking at Host as a platform and an enterprise, I know that you've historically been somewhat of a leader in putting forth analytics resources and so forth. You've covered an awful lot of operating ground, but I'd love to hear you talk about some of those and what you've added and how you're utilizing those in the current environment?
Sourav Ghosh : Sure, David. We are really we could go on for an hour in terms of answering that question, because our analytics platform as you well know is extremely comprehensive and it's really ingrained in any capital allocation decision to be made, whether it's right from identifying markets that are going to grow greater than our portfolio as well as looking at all the data that we have for our existing assets and trying to understand where we have opportunity to really drive incremental value at those assets upon acquisition. And we've actually identified that even prior to acquisition to see where we can unlock value. That's not only from an operation standpoint, but also ROI opportunities. And as you know, we have a very, very robust CapEx team as well. So when we are identifying those opportunities we -- it's not only from the revenue opportunity side, but also analyzing the cost metrics of what an ROI opportunity looks like and feeling confident about the returns that we'll get on any ROI opportunity that we invest in. And the same goes for when we are looking at doing asset management. Our enterprise analytics team particularly our revenue management and BI team work very closely with our managers to identify opportunities do a lot of proof of concepts at our properties. And we're always first-to-market, whether that's related to technology leveraging, new technology to drive productivity improvements or if it's just coming up with new ways to really sell the hotels. So there is sort of at every touch point. I think from our perspective, it's not just at the asset-by-asset level, but also figuring out what meaningful drivers we can pull at a portfolio level. So we do a lot of comprehensive portfolio-related analytics which can really move the meter for our portfolio. So if we see a trend that's occurring at one or two hotels, and we know we can apply that across our portfolio, we will work with our brand partners, and our major managers to really drive that change. So I can get more granular, certainly on this topic, as you know I'm passionate about this, but I want to make sure we keep track of time here.
David Katz: I appreciate that. The point being, are you able to prove to yourselves that this is an advantageous asset in the current environment?
Sourav Ghosh: 100%. Because we have data down to every account level detail and I would say, it's not just quantitative data, frankly, we have done a lot of qualitative analysis. And what I mean by that is our revenue management teams or our BI teams, actually go out to the properties, every single property that we have in our portfolio, and understand the actual organizational structure, and the various processes that, they have in place. And it really is a partnership with our managers to drive improvements at our assets. And so we have a lot of best practices that, we are aware of, which we can certainly apply the time to make an acquisition.
David Katz: Thank you.
Operator: We have a final question from Anthony Powell at Barclays. Please post your question, your line is live.
Anthony Powell: Thank you for fitting me in here. A question on development overall. I mean, can you give us an update on the prospects for the golf course development in Maui, maybe more broadly, I know hotel room specifically don't develop, but you guys have a lot of data you have a lot of expertise in construction. You may be one of the better positions to develop and we've seen the premium for newer assets in the market in terms of rate. So this cycle would have made more sense to explore development opportunities as the cycle continues and we recover?
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, we're not typically a developer per se. We have developed a few properties over the course of time, most recently on an excess parking lot at our Westin Kierland and Phoenix, we build an AC Hotel, and we will work through the entitlement process and look to add value at the golf courses in Maui, and continue to really drive ROI projects, like we did with the 19 villas at the Andaz Wailea, and other properties like that. But I don't think you should expect us to be a greenfield developer, where we're out doing big ground-up deals. We just don't think that that is a good use of our capital. And I might add that as part of the Noble Investment, we do have the ability to participate in a development fund with Noble, and bring out our expertise to bear, and not tie up all of our capital on our balance sheet. So that's one of the reasons we made the strategic investment in Noble.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. The Q&A session has concluded. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Jim Risoleo for any closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. We hope you enjoy the rest of your summer, and look forward to seeing many of you in-person this fall. Thank you for your continued support.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and hotel-level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jaime, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. We kicked off the first quarter of 2022 with meaningful outperformance and once again substantially beat all consensus metrics for the quarter. We delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $306 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.39 during the quarter. All owned hotel pro forma EBITDA of $330 million in the first quarter, was just 18% below 2019, and March pro forma hotel EBITDA came in 8% above 2019 driven by significant rate growth at our resorts. Pro forma total revenues in the first quarter increased 10% sequentially over the fourth quarter, while pro forma hotel level operating expenses grew 5%. The increase in revenues was driven by improvements across rooms, F&B and other departments. Pro forma RevPAR for the first quarter was $167 an 11% improvement from the fourth quarter as rates continue to increase in our Sunbelt markets and hold up at our urban hotels. This is the highest quarterly RevPAR we have seen since the onset of the pandemic, bringing our RevPAR to approximately 18% below first quarter 2019 levels. Our recent acquisitions, dispositions and renovated properties continued to contribute to our performance during the first quarter and notably, we had five hotels with ADRs of over $1,000. Preliminary April RevPAR is expected to be approximately $225 to $230 which is up slightly to our March RevPAR. It is worth pointing out that our preliminary April monthly RevPAR represents the first time that our monthly RevPAR is expected to exceed 2019 levels since the onset of the pandemic. However, consistent with historical monthly trends, we expect to see a pullback in May and June relative to 2019 levels. In addition to Maui and San Diego, we are pleased to see urban markets such as New York, Washington, D.C. and San Francisco, driving the outperformance to our forecast. In short, all business segments and markets are trending in a positive direction, and we are very pleased with our performance. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold the 1,780 Sheraton New York Times Square Hotel for $373 million or 28 times 2019 EBITDA. When calculating the EBITDA multiple, we included $136 million of estimated foregone CapEx over the next five years. In connection with the sale, we are providing a $250 million bridge loan to the purchaser. In addition, we sold a 243 key hotel Eve Miami for $50 million, including $1 million for the FF& E replacement funds or 23.2 times 2019 EBITDA. When calculating the EBITDA multiple, we included $9.5 million of estimated foregone CapEx over the next five years. This brings our 2021 to 2022 year-to-date total dispositions to approximately $1.4 billion at a blended 17.8 times EBITDA multiple including estimated foregone capital expenditures of $435 million, which compares favorably to our $1.6 billion of acquisitions at a blended 13 times EBITDA multiple. Our 2021 acquisitions continued to perform substantially ahead of our underwriting expectations. Based on first quarter performance, EBITDA from our seven new hotel acquisitions in two golf courses, is on track to meaningfully outperform our underwriting expectations. Looking back on our transaction activity since 2018, we have acquired $3.2 billion of assets at a 14 times EBITDA multiple and disposed of $4.9 billion of assets at a 17 times EBITDA multiple, including $938 million of foregone capital expenditures over the next five years. Comparing pro forma 2019 results for our current portfolio to 2017, we have increased the RevPAR of our assets by 11%, EBITDA per key by 25%, EBITDA margins by 190 basis points and avoided considerable business disruption associated with capital projects over the past two years. As we continue to evaluate capital allocation opportunities, our efforts will remain focused on assets that have the potential to bolster our EBITDA growth profile. Turning to first quarter operations. Our total portfolio pro forma revenue was up 10% sequentially to the fourth quarter, driven by 16% rate growth. Transient revenue was up over 1% compared to the fourth quarter and rate was up 18%. Putting this into perspective, first quarter transient room revenue was 97% of first quarter 2019. Transient was again driven by our Sunbelt and Hawaiian hotels, where revenue was up 17% sequentially with a 21% improvement in rate. And once again exceeded prior peak levels for the fourth quarter in a row. Drilling down to resorts, outperformance continued as ADR grew by 48%, leading to a transient revenue increase of 42% compared to 2019. Our 1 Hotel South Beach and Four Seasons, Orlando grew transient revenue over $10 million each with ADR up 60% to 2019. Group business continued to improve at our hotels during the first quarter. Group revenue was up 33% and driven fairly equally by rate and demand growth compared to the fourth quarter. Despite a weak January, we were encouraged by net booking activity in the quarter for the quarter which resulted in 682,000 group rooms sold for the quarter. We saw meaningful improvement in banquet and AV revenue as group business continued to return. In the first quarter, banquet and AV revenue increased by $24 million, up 17% over the fourth quarter. As groups get back to in-person meetings, we expect the trend of higher out-of-room spend to continue. Looking forward to our expectations for group in 2022, we currently have 3 million definite group room nights on the books, which compares favorably to the 2.7 million group room nights we had on the books for 2022 as of the fourth quarter after adjusting for our recent dispositions. Group rate in 2022 is up 4% to the first quarter of 2019, a 300 basis point increase over the last quarter, with 1 million definite group room nights on the books in the second quarter. This represents 82% of second quarter 2019 actual group room nights. Last quarter, our 2022 definite group room nights on the books represented 60% of 2019 actuals. Adjusted for our transactions and including bookings from the first quarter, 2022 definite group room nights now stand at approximately 70% of 2019 full year actuals. For the remainder of the year, 2022 definite group room night pace is down 14% to 2019, while total group revenue pace is down just 8% to 2019. So Rob will get into more detail on business mix and markets in a few minutes. In addition to delivering significant operational improvements, we continue to execute on our three strategic objectives, all of which are aimed at elevating the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. As a reminder, our objectives include redefining the hotel operating model with our operators, gaining market share at hotels through comprehensive renovations and strategically allocating capital to development ROI projects. As a reminder, we are targeting a range of $147 million to $222 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA on an annual basis from the initiatives and projects underlying our three strategic objectives. $100 million to $150 million is expected to come from potential long-term cost savings over time based on 2019 revenues from redefining the operating model with our managers. We have achieved approximately 60% to 70% of these savings to date. Another $22 million to $37 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA is related to our goal of gaining 3 points to 5 points of index growth at the 16 Marriott transformational capital program hotels and eight other hotels were comprehensive transformational renovations have been recently completed or are underway. Starting with the Marriott transformational capital program portion of our renovations. During the first quarter, we completed the Marina del Ray Marriott and the Houston Marriott Medical Center. This brings the number of completed properties to 12 out of 16 in this program with 89% of the work complete, and we expect to be substantially complete by the end of 2022. The remaining Marriott transformational capital program properties include the Boston Copley Marriott, the San Diego Marriott Marquis, the JW Marriott in Houston, which will be substantially completed by year-end and the Marriott Metro Center in Washington, D.C., which we expect to complete in the first half of 2023. We expect to receive over $11 million in operating profit guarantees from Marriott this year related to these renovations. In total, we expect to invest approximately $750 million on the Marriott transformational capital program assets. As a reminder, we were planning to invest approximately 70% of the $750 million as part of our routine cycle-based renovations. The remaining 30% is ROI-focused CapEx and includes renovation scopes brought forward from future years to create comprehensive transformational renovations. We believe these renovations allow us to capture incremental market share as is the case at the Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island, where we have seen a RevPAR index share gain of 8 points since May 2021. The Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island is now the number one hotel in its competitive set, up from 3 or 4 historically. In addition to the 16 Marriott transformational capital program assets, we have eight hotels where we have completed or are in the process of completing major renovations. The completed hotels include the Dons CeSar, Hyatt Regency Maui and Hyatt Regency Coconut Point. The Ritz-Carlton Naples Beach Resort and Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay, are both expected to be completed by year-end and the Westin Denver downtown, the Westin Georgetown in Washington, D.C. and the Fairmont Kea Lani in Maui are scheduled to be finished by mid-2023. In total, we expect to invest approximately $420 million on these eight assets over four years. $157 million of which we expect to spend in 2022. And finally, we are targeting another $25 million to $35 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA from four major development ROI projects. During the first quarter, we completed and opened the two-acre River Falls Aquatics Park and substantially completed the 60,000 square foot meeting space expansion at our Orlando World Center Marriott. Both of these projects came in ahead of schedule and under budget. As mentioned by year-end, we expect to complete the expansion at the Ritz-Carlton Naples Beach Resort, which adds to the Andaz Maui Villas and AC Scottsville North, both of which are complete. These four assets make up the current development ROI projects and our third strategic objective and we continue to identify new development projects that will unlock value within our portfolio. In total, we expect to invest $216 million on these four assets. Stabilization of these projects is expected to occur within two to three years of completion, but we are seeing early signs of out performance. In addition to the incremental stabilized EBITDA from our three strategic objectives, we expect approximately $120 million to come from the seven hotel and two Golf Course acquisitions we completed in 2021, all of which are meaningfully outperforming our underwriting for 2022. In closing, we continue to improve the quality of our portfolio with our recent dispositions, and we are very pleased with the $1.6 billion of acquisitions we closed on in 2021. As the lodging recovery continues to accelerate, we believe Host is very well positioned to capture a greater share of demand given the investments we have made in our hotels, our improved portfolio quality and our balance sheet strength. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our first quarter top line performance, margins and balance sheet before wrapping up with an update on our dividend. Starting with top line performance. First quarter pro forma RevPAR of $167 was the highest it has been since the onset of the pandemic. The quarter was a table of two months, with March RevPAR of $221 more than double that of January. Improvements in the quarter were driven by leisure travel in Sunbelt markets and Hawaii. These markets achieved a first quarter RevPAR of $251, a 26% increase over the fourth quarter. Our urban markets experienced the brunt of the Omicron impact in the first half of the quarter, but swiftly recovered ending March on a high note. For comparison, March RevPAR at our urban hotels was $132, up nearly 25% to the fourth quarter of 2021. Turning to transient mix. Holidays in the first quarter drove steady sequential growth in both occupancy and transient ADR with President's Day achieving the highest holiday occupancy since 2019, which was driven by are Sunbelt market. Our urban hotel achieved 76% occupancy over Easter, which is nearly double that of the MLK holiday weekend. Holiday occupancy in our urban markets outperformed our Sunbelt markets for the second time since the onset of the pandemic with a rate improvement of 26% over the MLK holiday weekend. Business transient revenue was up 2% in the first quarter with a 4% increase in rate. Despite the impact from Omicron and winter storms in January, business transient room night set a recovery record in March, breaking the 100,000 level, and encouragingly, half of those room nights sold were in urban markets. For comparison, that represents a 28% increase over October 2021, which had 78,000 business transient room nights and was the previous high watermark. Providing a little color on a few of our urban markets. In San Francisco, we saw leisure demand starting to pick up in March. Business transient volume was slow for the first two months of the quarter, our hotels saw a significant spike in March from consulting firms and tech clients. In New York, traditionally strong leisure periods have rebounded to levels approaching 2019. While transient demand remains short term in nature, we are starting to see the booking window stretch beyond 30 days. In March, business transient rooms in New York reached a post-COVID high, and as offices continue to reopen, we expect business transient demand to continue to ramp. Early in the first quarter, Washington, D.C. experienced declines related to cancellations, but all of our hotels saw a meaningful improvement in demand in March due to Cherry Blossoms and Spring Break. As government offices reopen, we expect business ranging volume to continue to improve. Turning to group. Revenue increased 33% over the fourth quarter driven by 14% demand growth, combined with a 17% improvement in rate. Most of the room night increase came from our hotels in Orlando, Maui and San Diego, where we saw incentive business from corporate groups come back into the mix. As it relates to overall group business, banquet and catering revenue was up 17% over the fourth quarter and clearly show that groups are willing to spend when they meet in person. Banquet revenue per group room night exceeded 2019 levels in the first quarter for the first time in the recovery, ending 7% higher, with March absolute banquet and catering revenue down just 10% to 2019. Corporate group revenue increased 41% over the fourth quarter driven by 17% demand growth and a 21% increase in rate. Corporate group room nights picked up meaningfully each month in the quarter and ended at 70% of 2019 levels in March. Orlando and San Diego hotels drove most of the demand growth in this subsegment. Association groups also showed steady sequential improvements. First quarter association group room nights increased 26% over the fourth quarter with a 13% increase in rate. Shifting gears to expenses. Total pro forma expenses were down 17% to first quarter 2019, in line with the total revenue decline. Staffing at our hotels remains at 94% of desired levels based on business volumes versus 97% historically. Hotels had paused on hiring during Omicron and were unable to keep up as demand surged back in February and March. While our hotels continue to fill open roles, a lag between demand and staffing levels still exist. This has acted as an offset to wages and benefits expense quarter-over-quarter. Briefly touching on our efforts to redefine the operating model, we have made meaningful progress on evolving brand standards with our operators. Marriott recently announced over 200 brand standard divisions that aim to reduce costs, align standards across brands and segments enable greater operational flexibility and eliminate outdated standards. Some examples include removing alarm clocks, printed compendiums and premium channels from gas rooms. Our operators have also moved to residential style amenities in luxury hotel rooms and revamped the food and beverage options and hours of operation in many hotels to align with customer preferences. We expect brand centers to continue to evolve as we work with our operators to enhance efficiencies. Taken together, a strong top line and expense controls have allowed our margin to continue to meaningfully improve. Our pro forma hotel EBITDA margin in the first quarter was 31.4%, which is just 10 basis points below that of the first quarter 2019. For comparison, this represents a 350 basis point increase to our fourth quarter hotel EBITDA margin, which was 27.9%. First quarter margin improvement was primarily a result of strong ADR and cancellation revenue. As demand and rate quickly recovered from a decline in January, March had the highest monthly hotel EBITDA margin in Hosts history for today's pro forma portfolio at 41%. Turning to our outlook for 2022. We are still unable to provide full year operational guidance given the continued volatility surrounding COVID. That said, we believe sequential quarterly RevPAR improvements will continue as declines to 2019 diminished throughout the year. We expect second quarter RevPAR to be between $195 and $205 or down 8% to down 3% relative to 2019. This RevPAR range implies an adjusted EBITDAre range of $375 million to $410 million for the second quarter. We expect sustained strength in leisure as well as business transient and group demand to continue accelerating in our urban markets as companies get back on the road and groups get back to meeting in person. We have seen a recovery in international travel, particularly from Canada, Germany and the U.K. New York remains the top destination market followed by San Francisco and Seattle, and we expect sequential improvements in international demand over the course of this year. Given the cadence of the lodging recovery, it is difficult to provide an accurate forecast for the year. While we expect sequential RevPAR improvements relative to 2019, seasonality and changing market and business mix are expected to lead to lower RevPAR and margins for the second half of the year relative to the second quarter. For reference, the third quarter has typically been our weakest quarter of the year. And as is historically the case, we would expect third quarter RevPAR and margins to be below that of the second quarter. Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. Our weighted average maturity is 5.3 years at a weighted average interest rate of 3.4%, and we have no significant maturities until 2024. After accounting for our two hotel dispositions in April, we now have $2 billion in total available liquidity, comprised of approximately $439 million of cash, $162 million of FF&E reserves and a full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. Wrapping up, I am pleased to share that the Board of Directors authorized a second quarter dividend of $0.06 per share on Hosts common stock, a 100% increase over the prior quarter. All future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors, but as the operational recovery continues, we expect to be able to grow our dividend to a sustainable level. To conclude, we are optimistic that 2022 will continue to build on the strong momentum of the past few quarters. We remain very well positioned to execute on our goal of increasing the EBITDA growth profile and improving the performance of our portfolio. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Chris Woronka: Thanks for all data points. I guess I'll ask the obvious one, which is the 2Q guidance with what you said about April. And I understand there's normally seasonally a drop in May and June. But I think the basic math is suggesting a bigger-than-normal drop, like a double-digit drop versus '19. Can you just give us a little bit of color on how you're thinking about that?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. Chris, we have talked a lot about the Q1 performance and April performance internally at Host. And we just don't think we're going to be able to sustain the level of rate that we achieved in Q1 and in the month of April at our resort properties. The spring break that occurred this year was off the charts. It really was very, very, very strong. And we expect to see some moderation back to the mean. As we see a rotation from spring breakers back into the urban markets group and business transient coming back. So that's the reason why we brought the guidance down for Q2. Strong April, but we expect May and June to moderate. May is definitely going to be lower than April, June may be slightly above May at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Neil Malkin from Capital One Securities. Your line is live.
Neil Malkin: Jim, a question for you kind of on the same line. But in terms of maybe just leisure resorts or probably more so the other urban or group hotels. Can you just talk about what out of room total spending looks like? I mean, at least from our expectations, it's continued to just be really strong. And I know that people you've, I think, alluded to, even though rates may not be sustainable at some of these resorts, the other side of the revenue equation should pick up as group and various other core travel segments come back. So can you just talk about what you're seeing there the total out of room? And how to think about that maybe as we go forward in terms of out-of-room spending on a per occupied level?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. At our 16 resorts in the first quarter, Neil, we had outlet revenue per available room of $180 which is clearly a high watermark for our portfolio. And I would say probably industry-wide, it's a high watermark. As we look at how that revenue in the aggregate, it was just 7% below quarter one of 2019. And that's all driven by resorts at this point in time. I think our resort performance was plus 40% on a pro forma basis to quarter one of 2019. The same -- and Sourav touched on this in his prepared remarks, the same with respect to banquets at our hotels that are driven by group. I mean that bank was for plus $24 million to quarter four, the per group room night, the bank with dollars exceeded 2019 by 7%. So what we're seeing on corporate, and it's mostly driven by corporate group at this point in time. And what we're seeing is the groups that are signing up are being cautious regarding what commitments they're making on a spend basis, both from a rooms perspective and out of room spend. Given what happened with Omicron in January and February and the attendant attrition and cancellation fees. But when they arrive at the hotels, they're spending a lot more money than they contracted for, which makes it a little bit difficult to forecast going forward. That's one of the reasons why we're not comfortable talking about the second half of the year by talking about the second quarter at this point in time. Does that answer your question?
Neil Malkin: Yes. I think so. I mean I'm just curious -- again, I understand like the decline in RevPAR, but I mean you do expect just to be clear, especially given your guidance in terms of bookings or room nights for -- on the group side. The out of room or the non-room related revenue were trend to continue its upward tax, correct?
Jim Risoleo: Absolutely. So I only touched on outlet revenue and banquet revenues. I mean we have seen a very strong upward trajectory on golf revenues and on small revenues, parking is relatively flat and we expect that to pick up as people get back on the road and start traveling again. We see no downturn whatsoever in golf or small revenues. The one area that -- it did have an impact on our first quarter performance were attrition and cancellation fees of $26 million, and that's relative to $13 million that we collected in Q1 of 2019. So I wouldn't expect to see that level of cancellation and attrition fees going forward. But the other out-of-room spend should continue to grow.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is live.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to ask, Sourav, as you think about, I guess, margin going forward, you noted that margins came very close to pre-pandemic levels and RevPAR is still quite a bit below. As RevPAR continues to improve, even if it's somewhat seasonal and more choppy going forward. How do you think about the flow-through of incremental RevPAR gains. And would it be fair to assume that they might be more occupancy driven at this point versus rate driven? Or how are you thinking about that?
Jim Risoleo: I would say take a look at sort of how we performed in 2019 on a quarterly basis. And given that we have come back much quicker than expected in terms of just getting back to normal seasonality. And that's obviously what's impacting our Q2 guidance. When you look at margin performance, it would be very similar to what we saw in back in 2019. The only thing I would say is, obviously, when you are growing revenues, rooms revenue is more driven by a rate that will flow through better. So in other words, you can expect sort of Q2 margins, no different from -- sort of fourth quarter of '19, where it's slightly better than the first quarter. But then if you look at the third quarter of 2019, there is a marked difference in what happens in margins just because rate drops. Back in '19, if I remember correctly, rate dropped close to like 10%, and there was a margin drop of about 600 basis points. So similar in terms of seasonality is what we would expect. So you would still expect sequential top line growth relative to '19, but you will see the apps tribute, revenue numbers sort of follow the same patterns as we saw back in 2019.
Smedes Rose: And can I just ask you one quick question. You mentioned 3 million group life on the books for '23 that looks like somewhere between maybe 18 points to 19 points of occupancy at this point. Where would you be now a pre-pandemic going into the following year in terms of sort of points of occupancy on the books.
Jim Risoleo: No. What I would say is where we were pre-pandemic is about 3.9 million group room nights at the same time.
Smedes Rose: Okay.
Jim Risoleo: But what's important to keep in mind here is it's -- we are talking about the full year, right? So Q1 obviously was impacted because of Omicron. The way to think about it is more the remainder of the year. The remainder of the year, we have 2.3 million group room nights. So that's Q2 through Q4. At the same time back in 2019 for the remainder of the year, we had 2.7 million group room nights. Does that make sense? So obviously, the [Indiscernible]
Smedes Rose: You were talking about for '23. You're talking about for the [Indiscernible] for room nights.
Jim Risoleo: No. I am talking about '22.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Bill Crow from Raymond James. Your line is live.
Bill Crow: Jim, just to put a little finer point on the whole sequential discussion. How much of this change in RevPAR is mix driven more group on the books for June, for example, than there was in the first quarter, so more mix, more business transient group? Or how much of it is just travel demand in some of those Sunbelt markets that caused all the compression and the pricing is just being more dispersed to New York and Boston and Chicago.
Jim Risoleo: I think it's a combination of all of the above, though. Clearly, I don't want to give the impression that our 16 resorts in those five properties that had over $1,000 in ADR for the quarter are going to fall off the face of the earth, they're not. I mean the demand is still there. We're still seeing it. But I think as we get past -- we got past April, we're going to get -- as we get into June, we have some seasonality issues associated with the resorts. As an example, the 1 Hotel South Beach in Miami, the Ritz-Carlton in Naples, Four Seasons, Orlando, just natural seasonality, we think, will may temper some of the demand at those properties. And then we are seeing group and business transient come back, which is going to clearly result in a RevPAR that in the aggregate is lower than what we saw in the first quarter and in the month of April. So we're delighted to have the business, make no mistake about it. We're very excited to see group in BT come back as strong as they have been coming brack and having the resort portfolio that we do and having put $1.6 billion to work last year with assets that have really meaningfully outperformed our expectations. In our minds, served as a good bridge to get us to the point where business transient and group recovers. So it's a combination of all of the above.
Bill Crow: If I could just ask a follow-up on kind of the health of the consumer. I'm curious whether you're seeing points redemptions picking up? And if so, is that -- does that represent some pushback on these rates at the resorts or maybe a concession that the inflation is starting to eat away at the consumers' wallet?
Jim Risoleo: Now I'll let Sourav get into it, but the short answer is no. We have looked at redemption numbers, and we don't think that, that is having an impact at all at this point in time. In fact, or as an example, for Alila Ventana, we're delighted that, that hotel is part of the world of Hyatt because that's the redemption numbers at that property really go a long way to allowing us to drive outsized RevPAR just given the small number of rooms that are there. And when we can really revenue managed the last -- down to the last room. That is how our redemption rate is set. So it's been very positive for us. And Sourav, I don't know you want to add a little bit of color on what we're seeing.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. Net-net, it's actually incremental for us because if you think about sort of where we are getting those redemption room nights. They're primarily in the resort destinations, which has very high occupancy and majority of our hotels in our portfolio are high redemption hotels, and we actually get a higher reimbursement rate at those hotels. And obviously, at a higher occupancy thresholds, it ends up being incremental in terms of revenue that's being driven by those redemption of room nights.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is live.
David Katz: I wanted to you've talked quite a bit about the strength of the balance sheet. And I think the presumption is that there would be other properties out there that would be viable targets in the next 12 months. And I'm just wondering if we can expand that view a little bit whether there are portfolios or even whether corporate M&A would even be within or outside the boundaries
Jim Risoleo: We are constantly evaluating investment opportunities, David. And I think what has happened, at least through our lens, as we view the world today. As other hotel owners have seen the cadence of the recovery, we're seeing one of two things happening. Pricing expectations for a number of the properties that have been in the market early in this year have been beyond our reach. We just have not been able to pencil the underwriting to make sense. Other assets that we would like to buy, and that's because everyone is expecting a strong recovery, which, obviously, our first quarter results and our April numbers are validating as we move into 2022 and beyond. Other assets that are that we might want to acquire just aren't available for sale right now as owners sit and wait until cash flow recovers. So we are very well positioned. There's no question about it. We have $2 billion of available liquidity today as the year progresses that liquidity position will grow. And it puts us in a very strong position as we get later into this year and opportunities become available to really pivot and again be the buyer of choice as we were last year and take deals on all cash and not have to worry about the state of the debt capital markets today, which have gotten a little bit choppy, less loan to proceed -- less loan-to-value proceeds, higher interest rates, given the commentary and actions that the Fed has taken. And I think that patients is warranted at this point in time. We clearly are going to use the balance sheet -- beyond the light is that we were able to do what we did last year and get ahead of the curve and put $1.6 million of work early in the cycle. So I think everything is on the table, but it's very difficult to speculate on what might become available that meets our underwriting criteria.
David Katz: And if I can follow up briefly. Just with respect to the kinds of markets where you would or wouldn't be, there's an argument, right, we've that we see where companies are buying more Sunbelt oriented. I wonder if there isn't a contrarian view where some markets that may be under some pressure or duress today or underperforming today might be some places to hunt for value. I just wonder what your thoughts are on that.
Jim Risoleo: Let me start by saying that we don't have a red line through any market. And it really is dependent upon our view of value and likely performance going forward. So I agree with you that I think the puck is still going to the Sunbelt markets. I don't think that's going to change. And resorts, in particular, for a number of reasons. Number one is most -- very, very low levels of supply in those markets -- in the resort markets in general. But if opportunities present themselves in some of the markets that are at the bottom of the recovery list, and we thought that they were priced fairly and that we could add value and that the investment would serve to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio, which is what we're really focused on doing. We would certainly be prepared to transact.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Aryeh Klein from BMO. Your line is live.
Aryeh Klein: Just following up on the resort rates. Clearly, it seems like there's some seasonality at play over the next few months. But as you look further ahead and comps begin to get much tougher kind of in the second half of the year and I guess, the beginning of next year. Are you expecting rates to actually decline a bit?
Sourav Ghosh: It's Sourav. So I think while rates will temper and a lot will be just natural business mix and market mix of shifting of demand to different markets as opposed to the strength of the leisure rate in those specific markets. So we will -- we still expect and just based on the demand that we are seeing into the next quarter and even the second half of the year, we are of the belief that the leisure rates are still going to hold pretty strong. And probably, frankly, well into next year, there's still a lot of pent-up demand. And once international borders really open up to the U.S., we think there is a meaningful amount of demand that's going to help sort of sustain those rates. Obviously, very difficult to tell to what magnitude it will be tempered as sort of the market mix takes place, but we still feel pretty strong about the leisure rates going through the rest of this year and into next year.
Operator: [Indiscernible] from Anthony Powell from Barclays. Your line is live.
Anthony Powell: Sorry to keep focusing on this leisure performance in May and June, but I kind of wanted to ask another question on that. So we've seen strong pricing and demand on holiday weekends there. Your two weekends coming up at Memorial Day and also June 1, just checking some of your properties on both of those weekends. They seem to be asking for very high pricing. So what are you seeing in the booking window for those two specific weekends? And are you seeing any, I guess, incremental weakness or softness or price resistance as you approach those time periods?
Jim Risoleo: Specifically for Memorial Day, and this is, again, going back to sort of still the short-term lead time, we are seeing a key pace of 12% above 2019 levels. So still holding very strong for holidays. Sunbelt markets are pushing rates really nicely with rates on the books, up 44% versus the same time in 2019. But overall, still very strong performance for the upcoming holidays.
Anthony Powell: And what about June themes?
Jim Risoleo: I don't specifically have June themes numbers Andy, but we can certainly get back to you.
Anthony Powell: So I guess you're not really seeing, I guess, an upcoming week holiday weekends, any kind of, I guess, relative price softening versus what you saw in April or even presence today, is that fair?
Jim Risoleo: That's fair. We're not seeing any softening.
Operator: Your next question is coming from J.J. Kornreich from SMBC. Your line is live.
Jay Kornreich: It's Jay. But I am a follow-up to a previous question. With the strong recovery in business transient urban demand, it was interesting to see your Boston and New York as dispositions. So kind of just curious how you think about your asset allocation plan and we may shift back to preserving your urban footprint, which is recovering versus maybe disposing in those markets and focusing more on the outperforming Sunbelt and resort assets.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Jay. Those two assets were -- they each had a unique set of circumstances surrounding them that drove us to dispose of the properties in Boston. And let me say before I get into the specifics about each of these two assets, we still have a healthy presence in both markets. In Boston, we have the Boston Copley Marriott, which is part of the Marriott transformational capital program. We're in the midst of a complete renovation of that asset. So clearly, we are committed to the Boston market. But the Sheraton, given its location in the Back Bay and the size of the hotel and the plans on the part of the State of Massachusetts to sell the Hein Center, which the hotel was very dependent upon for groups. It doesn't have an adequate meeting space platform to service groups. And the group business in Boston now has moved to the main convention center, the hotel needed a lot of capital significant amount of deferred CapEx at that property. It just made a lot more sense for us to dispose of that asset and similarly with the Sheraton in New York. We have the time -- the New York Marry Marquis in Times Square and the Financial Center Marriott in Downtown New York. Both are in incredible shape. They were both part of the Marriott transformational capital program. The assets are well primed to really outperform as the recovery continues at pace, whereas the Sheraton, again, an older hotel and need a substantial CapEx. So in that -- the Sheraton was forecasted to lose $15 million at the EBITDA line in 2022. So I think those two dispositions will go a long way to allowing us to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company. Taking the capital from those sales and investing that capital either in our existing portfolio through ROI projects or making additional acquisitions going forward as part of our capital allocation strategy.
Jay Kornreich: And if I could just ask 1 follow-up. As we seen a nice recovery in the business trends in all the urban markets, can you just give us a little perspective on how San Francisco is shaping up? And how you expect that market to perform in the second half of the year?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Sure. San Francisco is actually shaping up better than we were expecting. The San Francisco -- I'll give you an example. San Francisco Marriott Marquis actually had 1,000 rooms per night midweek last three weeks of March. BT on the books for the last week of April is almost flat to 2019. So overall, pretty good through for San Francisco in terms of BT pickup.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Floris Van Dijkum from Compass Point. Your line is live.
Floris Van Dijkum: If I look at your EBITDA numbers, particularly if I look at your resort markets relative to '19, obviously, the resorts have been really strong. San Francisco has been lagging. DC has been lagging New York is not really that big, but that has also been a troubled market. As you think about the recovery that we're seeing in the urban markets, I mean, in your view, I know the people are talking a little bit about sequential growth here, but you're pretty 83% of your EBITDA -- hotel EBITDA already in the U.S. in the first quarter. Some of your competitors think they can achieve that by the fourth quarter of this year. Are you -- is that your house view of potential? I know you're not giving guidance, but certainly, is that how comfortable are you being able to achieve those kinds of levels by the fourth quarter of this year?
Jim Risoleo: I don't think we're really comfortable talking about the second half of the year. It's very difficult at this point in time to forecast how this recovery is going to continue to unfold. So much of the business is being booked short term, although we are starting to see the booking window extend. As I mentioned, a very valid point, we think is on the corporate group business that we're seeing. The contracts that are being signed are for lower levels of food and beverage spend and smaller numbers of attendees that are then that are showing up. Because they just don't want to be dealing with attrition and cancellation fees if they have to cancel or if they -- if there is another event that as we saw in January and February. So at this point in time, I think we're confident and we feel really good about what we're seeing in terms of group bookings for the balance of this year. We had a nice pickup over Q4, where we had 2.7 million definite on the books at the end of Q1. We had 3 million definite room nights on the books. That compares, I think, to $3.9 million in Q1 of 2019 for 2020. So we continue to close the gap going forward and the same with business transient. It's coming back. We think it's going to continue to evolve as offices open. And we feel good about it, but we're just not in a position to give any guidance for the balance of the year.
Sourav Ghosh: I would add, I mean, if there is any indication in terms of what we did in March as presentation of where we see the trends heading. I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks how March was over 100,000 room nights, which is now the high watermark. So if you remember back in 2021, we had -- the last high watermark was at 78,000 room nights in October of '21. So that's a 28% increase. What we can say is we see that trend continuing into April. And as Jim said, since the lead times are short, it's difficult to have visibility on BT well into the second half, but the trends are at least positive. And March ADR for BT was $223, and that's down only 1.6% to 2019.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Darling from Green Street. Your line is live.
Chris Darling: Just to put a finer point on what you're seeing on BT and group demand. I'm hoping you could just walk through how weekday occupancy specifically is trending relative to '19 and some of your major urban markets.
Sourav Ghosh: So for the major urban markets, the weak day occupancy is still lower than what -- where we would like it to be, but it's trending in the right direction. I think that's the important point. From the last time we spoke on the fourth quarter call, there has been like a 4 point to 5 point improvement in midweek occupancies. So that's where sort of we have been focused. Weekend occupancy has obviously improved meaningfully in those urban markets, but that trend continues.
Chris Woronka: And I don't know if you have the numbers in front of you, but just curious how that might compare to kind of precoded levels.
Jim Risoleo: We are still down, I would say, about sort of high double digits of 18, 20 percentage points in occupancy in those markets.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session. I will now hand the conference back to Jim Rosolio, Chief Executive Officer, for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, and I would like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. And we all look forward to meeting with many of you in person in the coming weeks and months. We really appreciate your continued support. Have a great day
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:05 Good morning, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 00:14 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: 00:22 Thank you, and good morning everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. 00:49 In addition, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and hotel-level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. 01:19 With me on today's call will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 01:29 With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: 01:34 Thank you, Jaime and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. Despite the uncertainty of COVID-19 variant, we significantly outperformed expectations during the fourth quarter and substantially beat consensus metrics for the year. We delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $242 million, which exceeded our interest in capital expenditures by $68 million and achieved adjusted FFO per share of $0.29 during the quarter. 02:06 In addition to delivering positive metrics each quarter, we achieved meaningful sequential increases each quarter throughout 2021. Pro forma total revenues in the fourth quarter grew 20% compared to the third quarter, while pro forma hotel-level operating expenses increased only 15%. RevPAR for the fourth quarter was $148, as volume and rates continued to hold up at our hotels in Sunbelt markets. This is the highest quarterly RevPAR we have seen since the onset of the pandemic, and closes out a year of strong sequential improvements. 02:48 RevPAR improved 13%, compared to the third quarter, despite some softening of demand in late December due to the Omicron variant. Our recent acquisitions, which I will touch on shortly, all contributed to our outperformance during the fourth quarter and are exceeding our underwriting expectations. Preliminary January RevPAR is expected to be approximately $105, a 130% increase over January 2021. Our preliminary February RevPAR forecast is expected to be $150 to $155 and we expect a significant pickup across business segments in March, which is consistent with the recovery we experienced following the Delta variant. 03:38 In addition to delivering significant operational improvements, we continue to be recognized as a global leader in corporate responsibility. Our 2025 emissions target is verified by the Science Based Targets Initiative at the 1.5 degree Celsius ambition level, making Host the first hospitality company and among the first three real estate companies in North America to set emissions reduction targets in line with the Paris agreement's highest level of ambition. 04:11 To complement our environmental targets, we were the first lodging REIT to issue social targets, including two diversity-related targets and one employee engagement target. We also continue to execute on our three strategic objectives, all of which are aimed at elevating the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. 04:34 As a reminder, our objectives include redefining the hotel operating model with our operators, gaining market share at renovated hotels and strategically allocating capital. As it relates to the last strategic objective, during the fourth quarter we acquired two hotels and sold six hotels. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold one additional hotel. This brings our total early cycle acquisitions to $1.6 billion at a blended 13 times EBITDA multiple, and our dispositions to approximately $1 billion at a 15.4 times EBITDA multiple, including estimated foregone capital expenditures of $290 million. This is a continuation of our strategy to deploy capital into assets that we believe will elevate the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. 05:31 As a refresher, our 2021 acquisitions included the Hyatt Regency Austin, Four Seasons Orlando at Walt Disney World, Baker's Cay Resort in Key Largo, The Laura Hotel in Houston, Alila Ventana Big Sur, The Alida, Savannah, and Hotel Van Zandt in Austin. We also acquired the Royal Ka'anapali and Ka'anapali Golf Courses in Maui. 06:01 All of our recent acquisitions are performing substantially ahead of our underwriting expectations. For the full-year 2021, EBITDA at our new acquisitions was $37 million higher than the full-year 2021 EBITDA that was estimated at underwriting, which represents a 73% increase, and the golf courses were $4 million higher. 06:29 Turning to our fourth quarter acquisitions. In December, we closed on The Alida, Savannah, a 173-key boutique hotel for approximately $103 million. This newly constructed hotel opened in October 2018 and benefits from soft branding in Marriott's Tribute Portfolio. With no expected near-term CapEx, favorable operating costs and multiple demand drivers, stabilization for The Alida is expected in the 2024 to 2025 timeframe at approximately 11 times to 12 times EBITDA. In addition, in December, we acquired our second hotel in Austin, the Hotel Van Zandt, a 319-key luxury lifestyle hotel for approximately $246 million, including its $4 million FF&E reserve. The acquisition price represents a 13.2 times multiple on 2019 EBITDA. We funded the acquisition with approximately $140 million in proceeds from recent dispositions and assumed approximately $102 million of existing secured debt. 07:49 Located adjacent to Austin's popular Rainey Street entertainment district, this recently constructed hotel opened in 2015 and is poised to benefit from continued large-scale development. We expect the hotel to stabilize at approximately 10 times to 12 times EBITDA in the 2025 to 2027 timeframe. 08:12 On the dispositions front, we sold the 305-key W Hollywood in December for $197 million or 25 times 2019 EBITDA. When calculating the EBITDA multiple, we included $33 million of estimated forgone CapEx over the next five years. This is the third ground lease asset we sold in 2021. In addition, subsequent to quarter end, we sold the 1220-key Sheraton Boston for $233 million or 14.2 times 2019 EBITDA. When calculating the EBITDA multiple, we included $135 million of estimated forgone CapEx over the next five years. In connection with the sale, we are providing a $163 million bridge loan to the purchaser, which we expect will be repaid within its first six month term. 09:11 Looking back on our transaction activity since 2018, we have acquired $3.2 billion of assets at a 14 times EBITDA multiple, and disposed of $4.5 billion of assets at a 17 times EBITDA multiple, including $793 million of foregone CapEx over the next five years. With these transactions, we have dramatically improved the quality of our portfolio. 09:40 Comparing pro forma 2019 results for our current portfolio to 2017, we have increased the RevPAR of our assets by 11%, the EBITDA per key by 20%, and the EBITDA margins by 120 basis points. As we continue to evaluate capital allocation opportunities going forward, our efforts will remain focused on assets that further bolster our EBITDA growth profile. 10:10 As part of our capital allocation efforts, in January we acquired a 49% interest in the asset management platform of Noble Investment Group to cultivate innovative hospitality opportunities within Noble's private fund platform. We invested $90.7 million in its fee-based asset management business, comprising $35 million of cash and $55.7 million of equity, or 3 million operating partnership units which are subject to a one-year lockup period. In the future, we also have the ability to acquire an additional 26% to 51% in Noble, which would bring our aggregate interest to between 75% and 100%. 10:58 In addition, we have made a $150 million LP commitment to the next Noble fund. Based on our current ownership interests, we are targeting average net expected earnings of $7 million to $10 million annually over the next three years. Over the past three decades, Noble has invested nearly $5 billion in acquiring and developing approximately 150 assets in the branded upscale select service and extended stay segments across 84 markets in the U.S. Founded in 1993 by Mit Shah, who remains the CEO, the Noble team has a multi-cycle track record and extensive experience sourcing investment opportunities in real estate and capital markets. 11:48 Our investment represents yet another opportunity to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio by creating a new income source from recurring management and development fees, and allowing for investment and select service hotels, extended stay hotels, and new development opportunities. The partnership will combine Noble's strong track record, development acumen in the select service and extended stay categories, and fund management experience with our scale, market insights, and data analytics to source differentiated investment opportunities. 12:27 By capitalizing on Noble's deep expertise, we will have the ability to incubate and invest in future lodging-adjacent strategies, thereby creating additional paths for long-term strategic value creation. Those strategies include property technology solutions, development, and alternative lodging. We believe a fund vehicle is one of the best ways to gain chain-scale diversification. As Noble's expertise with select service and extended stay hotels will preserve our focus on investing in upper upscale and luxury hotels and resorts. 13:06 Moving on to fourth quarter operations, we continued to close the gap to 2019. Transient demand in the fourth quarter was 82% of 2019 levels, compared to 77% in the third quarter and 58% in the first half of 2021. And we are encouraged that transient rate in each of the four quarters in 2021 exceeded rates in 2019. Our hotels also saw continued improvement in Group during the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, driven by demand growth of 15% and a 17% rate improvement. 13:48 Also bolstering our Group results was the continued meaningful improvement in banquets. Banquet and AV revenue was $150 million in the fourth quarter, up 84% over the third quarter after having doubled from the second quarter to the third quarter. Sourav will get into more detail on business mix in the fourth quarter shortly. 14:14 In addition to successfully deploying capital this year, we continue to focus on our 3 strategic objectives. As a reminder, we are targeting a potential $267 million to $342 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA on an annual basis from the initiatives and projects underlying our strategic objectives. Approximately $120 million is expected to come from the seven acquisitions we completed in 2021. $100 million to $150 million is expected to come from potential long-term cost savings over time, based on 2019 revenues from redefining our operating model with our managers. We have taken steps toward 50% to 60% of these savings to-date. 15:08 Another $22 million to $37 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA is related to our goal of gaining 3 to 5 points of weighted index growth at the 16 Marriott Transformational Capital Program hotels, and eight other hotels where major renovations have been recently completed or are underway. In 2021, we completed three Marriott Transformational Capital Program properties, and subsequent to quarter end we completed two more, bringing the number of completed properties in this program to 12 out of 16. 15:45 In August, we completed the final phase of construction at the New York Marriott Marquis, and in October, we completed the final phase at the Orlando World Center Marriott, closing out both of these three year transformational renovation programs. Other properties completed over the past year includes the Houston Marriott Medical Center, the Marina del Rey Marriott and the Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island. We completed approximately 85% of the program as of year-end, and we expect to substantially complete it by the end of 2022. 16:24 The remaining Marriott Transformational Capital Program properties include Boston Copley, the San Diego Marriott Marquis, Marriott Metro Center, and the JW Marriott in Houston. We expect to receive approximately $11 million in operating profit guarantees under the Marriott Transformational Capital Program in 2022. 16:49 Additionally, this year we added 3 hotels to our list of major renovations. The Western Denver Downtown, Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay, and The Westin Georgetown in Washington DC. Finally, the remaining $25 million to $35 million of incremental stabilized EBITDA over time on an annual basis is expected to come from recently completed and ongoing ROI development projects. These projects are at different stages of renovation and development, and stabilization is expected to occur two to three years after completion. 17:28 To-date, our ROI development projects at the Andaz Maui Villas and the 1 Hotel Beach Club have reduced returns significantly greater than our original underwriting. Our 2022 capital expenditure guidance range is $500 million to $600 million, which reflects our continued focus on reinvesting in our properties during the early phase of the recovery to position our portfolio for future demand. The plan includes $245 million for redevelopment and repositioning projects such as the completion of the Ritz-Carlton Naples beach transformation and tower expansion, a transformational renovation of the Fairmont Kea Lani, and completion of the Orlando World Center water park and meeting space expansion. 18:20 It is worth noting that our capital expenditure range at the midpoint is $125 million higher than last year, which is driven by increased investment in ROI development projects, as well as more normalized maintenance CapEx spend. 18:38 To conclude my remarks, we made significant strides towards improving the quality of our portfolio in 2021. Despite the recent volatility, we remain encouraged by the recovery we are seeing across the lodging industry. Our capital allocation efforts over the past few years combined with the geographic diversity of our portfolio and our strong balance sheet leave us very well-positioned to create significant long-term value for our stockholders. 19:09 With that I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: 19:16 Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Following Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our fourth quarter top-line performance, margins, our thoughts for 2022 and provide an update on our balance sheet and dividend. Despite headwinds from two COVID variants, we continued to benefit from quarterly sequential improvements with 70 hotels achieving positive hotel EBITDA for the entire quarter, compared to 61 hotels last quarter. Notably, our three New York City hotels, two downtown Boston Hotels, and the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, all achieved positive EBITDA in the fourth quarter. 19:57 Moving on to top-line performance. Fourth quarter RevPAR was the highest it has been since the onset of the pandemic. In addition, December had its highest monthly ADR in Host history, which is indicative of the quality of our assets and the pricing power of this recovery. While these improvements have been driven by leisure, travel in Sunbelt markets and Hawaii, which saw fourth quarter RevPAR up 16% to $198 over the third quarter, our urban markets continued to deliver sequential operational improvements. During the fourth quarter, our urban markets grew by 13% to a RevPAR of $108, once again representing the best quarter of the recovery for these hotels. 20:46 Turning to business segments. During the fourth quarter, transient revenue improved 7% over the third quarter, driven by a 9% rate increase. Transient revenue at Sunbelt and Hawaii hotels was up 8% sequentially, driven by a 12% improvement in rate and once again exceeded prior peak levels. Drilling down to resorts, our properties grew transient revenue 30% over the fourth quarter of 2019, driven by a 35% increase in rate. 21:20 Compared to the fourth quarter of 2019, Alila Ventana Big Sur, one of our recent acquisitions, grew revenue by over 130%, which was driven by a rate increase of 98%. For context, that rate equates to more than a $1,000 increase. All 16 of our resorts had rates 20% higher than the fourth quarter of 2019. Transient rate in our urban and downtown markets was up 7% over the third quarter, with demand also up 1%, which was driven by our hotels in New York and DC. 21:58 Even with Omicron concerns dominating headlines, business transient demand improved by 5% over the third quarter, with rate up 20%. This was driven by significant growth in October, which had the highest amount of business travel room nights of any month since the onset of the pandemic. Nearly half of our business transient rooms sold in the fourth quarter were in urban and downtown markets where demand was up 16% and rate was up 10% over the third quarter. 22:31 Wrapping up on business transient with more encouraging news, we continued to see a return to traditional business travel. In the fourth quarter, our operators' traditional top 10 accounts made up 70% of business transient rooms, which is up from 40% in the third quarter. These accounts are all household names representing a mix of financial services, government contracting, and consulting companies. 22:59 Turning to Group, this segment continued its upward trajectory. We were encouraged by net booking activity in the quarter for the quarter, resulting in 660,000 group rooms sold for the fourth quarter. This level of demand represents 60% of 2019 levels and is up from 52% in the third quarter, putting us at 1.2 million group room nights in the second half of 2021. Group revenue increased 35% over the third quarter, driven by 15% demand growth, combined with a 17% improvement in rate. Most of the room night increase came from Boston, Phoenix, San Diego and San Francisco. 23:45 Corporate group room nights increased 11% over the third quarter with a 23% increase in rate. San Antonio and Phoenix drove most of the demand growth in this sub-segment. In the fourth quarter, corporate group room nights were 55% of 2019, compared to 29% for the first half of 2021. Association groups also showed steady sequential improvements. Fourth quarter association group room nights increased 19% over the third quarter, with a 15% increase in rate, largely driven by our hotels in San Diego. Association group room nights were 45% of 2019 in the fourth quarter, compared to only 11% for the first half of 2021. 24:33 Looking forward to our expectations for Group in 2022, we currently have 2.8 million definite group room nights on the books, which compares favorably to the 2.5 million group room night we would have had on the books as of the third quarter, after adjusting for recent acquisitions and dispositions. Group rates in 2022 remains up 1% to 2019 and group demand is currently front-loaded with roughly 60% of definite group rooms booked in the first half of the year. 25:10 Last quarter, we provided a comparison to 2019 group room nights. At that time, our definite group room nights on the books represented 54% of 2019 actuals. Adjusted for our transactions and including bookings from the fourth quarter, 2022 definite group room nights now stand at 60% of 2019 actuals. And total group revenue pace is down just 20% to 2019, which is an additional testament to the quality of our portfolio and the strength of the lodging recovery. 25:46 Moving onto expenses. Proforma total hotel operating costs rose by 15% during the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, despite a 20% increase in total revenues. Variable expenses were down 30% relative to a total revenue decline of 25% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Through February of last year, variable expense declines were roughly in line with revenue expense decline, but this trend diverged as hotels struggled to staff up at the pace of demand growth. Our managers' hiring efforts were successful in the fourth quarter, and the differential between our variable expense decline and the revenue decline narrowed compared to the third quarter. Fixed expenses including wages and benefits were 19% lower than the fourth quarter of 2019 and 9% higher than last quarter. We continue to see savings from reductions in Above Property services, which were still down substantially to 2019. 26:51 As expected, on-property sales efforts are ramping up, which offset some of the expense savings in the quarter. Our hotel EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter was 26.9%, which is just about 80 basis points below that of the fourth quarter 2019. When you consider that our revenue is still 25% below its fourth quarter 2019 level, our margins are quite impressive. Given increased levels of staffing and fixed costs that were re-introduced in the second half of 2021, fourth quarter margin strength was primarily a result of higher resort rates, better than anticipated food and beverage revenue, and elevated cancellation revenues. 27:39 Turning to our outlook for 2022, we are still unable to provide operational guidance given the continued volatility surrounding COVID. That said, we expect sequential quarterly RevPAR improvements driven by demand growth across our portfolio and continued rate strength at our resorts. We also expect group and business transient to continue improving in our urban and downtown markets, as impacts from future COVID variants lessen, company's return to the office, and traditional groups get back to meeting in person. 28:12 As a reminder, Easter is much later this year, so some of the pickup we would normally get at the end of the first quarter could bleed into the second quarter. Although we are not able to provide operational guidance, we would like to provide expected ranges for our corporate G&A and interest expense. For the full year, we anticipate corporate G&A to be in the $103 million to $106 million range and we anticipate our interest expense to be in the $146 million to $149 million range. From a timing perspective, we expect these expenses to be relatively evenly spread over each quarter in 2022. 28:56 Turning to our balance sheet and liquidity position. As we discussed last quarter, we were able to exit our credit facility covenant waiver period three quarters ahead of its expiration. And we achieved compliance with our bond indenture debt incurrence covenant. As a result, we were able to refinance a portion of our existing bonds with $450 million of new Series J green bonds at a 2.9% coupon, the lowest in the company's history. We also extended our weighted average maturity from 4.2 years to 5.1 years, lowered our weighted average interest rate to 3.1% and pushed our next maturity out to early 2024. 29:41 In addition, during the fourth quarter and subsequent to quarter end, we paid down our outstanding revolver in full. Together, these actions will save us an estimated $5 million per quarter in interest expense. Pro forma for the revolver paydowns and the sale of the Sheraton Boston earlier this month, we now have $1.8 billion in total available liquidity comprised of approximately $200 million of cash, $144 million of FF&E reserves, and full availability of our $1.5 billion credit facility. 30:21 Wrapping up, I am pleased to share that the Board of Directors authorized a first quarter dividend of $0.03 per share on Host common stock. All future dividends are subject to approval by the company's Board of Directors, but as the operational recovery continues, we expect to be able to grow our dividends to a sustainable level. To conclude, we are extremely proud of our achievements over the past year. 2021 showed that a sustained recovery is underway and we are optimistic that 2022 will continue to build on the strong momentum of the past few quarters. We remain very well-positioned to execute on our goal of increasing the EBITDA growth profile and improving the quality of our portfolio. 31:09 With that we would be happy to take your questions. To ensure we have time to address as many questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: 31:22 Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Smedes Rose. Please announce your affiliation and pose your question.
Smedes Rose: 31:54 Hi, it's Smedes with Citi. I was just wondering, Jim and Sourav, if you could just talk a little bit about the staffing levels you have achieved in your hotels. It sounds like demand is coming back faster than expected, and kind of where are you on being able to re-staff and maybe throw out your thoughts on just kind of what the pace of kind of wage and benefit increases should be over the course of '22?
Jim Risoleo: 32:19 Sure, Smedes, I'll take the first part of it, Sourav can take the second part of it. We added about 1,000 positions in the fourth quarter. And as you may recall, on the Q3 call we stated that the staffing levels were 94% of our managers is our goal. Typically, they run to about 97%, they never get to parity, they're never at 100%. With the increase in business volume in the fourth quarter, even though we added a 1,000 positions, we still remain at about 94%. But I can tell you based on conversations we have had with our managers, there is a degree of confidence that the open positions are going to be able to be filled as things open up, as the variant gets behind us, as children get back to school in person across the country, and as the various forms of stimulus burn off, which many of them already have. 33:29 So with that, I'll let Sourav talk about our point of view around wage -- wage increases and inflation.
Sourav Ghosh: 33:38 Hey, Smedes. For 2022, we were expecting year-over-year increase wage rates of somewhere around 4% to 4.5%. And this is in line with sort of what we had spoken about in terms of the 19 to 22 CAGR you might recall, which we said would be somewhere around 5% to 7% in aggregate for our portfolio.
Smedes Rose: 34:01 Okay, thank you.
Operator: 34:06 Your next question is coming from Bill Crow. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Bill Crow: 34:13 Hey, good morning guys. Raymond James. I do have a follow-up for you, Jim, but let me start with Sourav. In just thinking about the transition from '21 to '22 on a couple of line items, if you could just quantify the total support that you got from Marriott, whether it's the transformational capital program or other performance guarantees in 2021? And what your expectations are for that in 2022? And I think Jim you mentioned $11 million on the transformational side. 34:47 And then the second part of that Sourav is the -- I think you have talked about $40 million of cancellation and attrition fees in the second half of 2021. How much of a drag is that on margins as you try and replace that with actual business?
Sourav Ghosh: 35:08 Sure. So, to answer the first part of your question, yes, for 2022 the amount that we are getting from Marriott in terms of the operational profit guarantee, that is $11 million. That compares to about $14 million that we got for -- in 2021. As it relates to the attrition and cancellation revenue, to put into perspective, we did approximately $20 million of attrition and cancellations revenue. We collected that in the fourth quarter. And when we compare that to 2019, it's only $5 million above that. Actually, when you look at the full-year in terms of attrition and cancellations revenue, it is very similar to what we collected in '19, which is about sort of $55 million or so. 36:02 What's different is the way we got there. The mix of the attrition, cancellation revenue that we collected is different. As business starts coming back, we expect obviously the group cancellation revenues to reduce. However, there should be a pickup in transient cancellation revenue. So, from an overall cancellation revenue mix perspective, that we expect to change as we normalize throughout this year, but when you look at sort of just comparing '19 to '21, total cancellation revenues, they are actually pretty similar in terms of total that was collected.
Bill Crow: 36:37 All right, that is helpful. And Jim, I said I was going to have a follow-up. I am going to play devil's advocate for a second. You suggested that the Noble investment was an efficient way to gain diversification across more chain scale. So I think it was -- I am paraphrasing obviously, but is that something that investors have asked for from Host, because you have done a really good job of just kind of concentrating on these wonderful top 40 or maybe it is top 50 assets now. And I am just wondering what drove you to think about that diversification?
Jim Risoleo: 37:13 Sure, Bill. Im happy to answer the question. It is not something we have heard of -- heard from investors quite frankly. But as we think from a strategy perspective, and playing the long game here, how can we transform the income stream of the company to make it more sustainable going forward. And one of the things that has always been of interest to us is the fund management business. So we talked a lot about strategy among the senior team and with our Board, about really three things that Noble checks the box for us on. Fund management, how do we play in select service without it becoming a distraction and without it really, if you will, muddying up our story. And we have a lot of expertise on the development side as well. We have a really solid design and construction group, I think they are best in class, far and away with some of the projects that you have seen in some of the projects that we have completed. 38:30 So as we sat back and thought about those three objectives, the best way to accomplish that is through an off-balance sheet vehicle, and Noble we think is also best in class. So investing in the Noble platform gives us the ability over time to grow a sustainable fee stream that is not subject to the cyclicality of the lodging industry. It is commitment fees, it is asset management fees, it is development fees. 39:04 It gives us an opportunity to further deploy capital into the select service space without, again, it becoming a distraction for the management team at Host. Mit Shah and his team have been in business since 1993. They have invested over $5 billion and they have a very strong track record. 39:28 So again, select serve, the way they have done it is a very attractive investment from our perspective and we've made $150 million commitment to his next fund. And lastly, having the ability to participate in development projects in an off-balance sheet structure is also something that is very attractive to us. That is not something we ever wanted to do on our balance sheet, it is not conducive to the REIT model. So it is just another opportunity to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company in a way that it is not going to be a distraction, but is going to bring two very, very successful best-in-class organizations together.
Bill Crow: 40:19 Great. I appreciate the answers.
Operator: 40:24 Your next question is coming from Floris Van Dijkum. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Floris Van Dycom: Hi, it is Floris at Compass Point. A question, Jim, and maybe if you can touch on this, and I guess I'll -- it is more regarding to the valuation of hotels. And I saw, number one, you have sold 3 ground leases, you have got some more ground leases. I don't think you are going to sell any of the San Diego ground-leased hotels, but maybe if you can -- which other hotels might be on the block? And also talk about -- maybe if you can touch on, I noticed the 1 Hotel had $68 million of hotel EBITDA this past year. How does that compare to pre-COVID levels? And how sustainable -- the one fear that we hear from some investors is, well, gee, these resort hotels are -- have really strong EBITDA today, but could that fall off? How sustainable is the EBITDA from your top resort hotels and maybe talk about -- a little about the growth prospects for those assets?
Jim Risoleo: 41:39 Floris, there is an awful lot in that one question, so let me see if I can take it apart for you a little bit. I will start with the -- your question regarding what other hotels might be on the block and how are we thinking about ground leases. We sold three ground lease hotels, probably not -- we are not going to sell the Manchester Grand Hyatt or the San Diego Marina Marriott. I will just say that, any time we think about an acquisition or a disposition, overshadowing that conversation is, will it elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio? And that really is our baseline as we sit down and look at, okay, is this asset going to grow below, at average, or above the rest of the portfolio at Host. 42:36 So that is the gating issue for us. And there are some -- not all ground leases are created equal. The ground leases associated with the San Diego properties or with the Port of San Diego, they have I think a 65-year maximum term, but every time you invest capital in your assets, you are able to extend the ground lease up to that 65-year term limit. So, not so with others that are in private hands. And if it makes sense for us to dispose of assets that have ground leases, that we will certainly do that and replace those -- recycle that capital either into additional acquisitions or into additional ROI projects as we are undertaking this year and as we have been undertaking. Again, just to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the company. 43:37 With respect to the 1 Hotel in particular, I actually went through the supplemental myself yesterday and when I saw that $68 million number, I had to do the math, is that 8.8 times EBITDA on our purchase price. And when we underwrote that deal, we were at 13 times EBITDA. And in the first year, I think we came in at around 12.5 times. So yes, the asset has performed extremely well. We could not be happier. We believe that the strong leisure demand that we have seen during COVID is certainly sustainable for all of 2022. There may be some moderating and tempering of the rate that we can charge at some of our resort properties in '23 and '24 as international markets open and as American citizens want to travel abroad again. But don't forget, when that happens, international citizens are going to be coming to the U.S. at a market like Miami in particular, is a gateway leisure market for international travel. 44:54 So we are optimistic going forward. The other interesting data point with respect to our 16 resorts is that, they are up more than 20% in ADR over 2019. So we have had extremely strong performance, we have had no pushback from consumers, the properties are all in terrific shape. If they need to have capital invested in them, we will certainly invest the capital, so that we can continue to drive outsized rates.
Floris Van Dycom: 45:27 Thanks, Jim.
Operator: 45:32 Your next question is coming from Neil Malkin. Please announce your affiliation then pose your question.
Neil Malkin: 45:39 Hey, everyone. It's Neil Malkin, Capital One Securities. I was hoping you could talk about the kind of operating model that was one of the things that you said are -- is one of the three facets that you are working on to improve the company and grow EBITDA, et cetera. I believe, yesterday Hilton talked about I think 400 basis points and 600 basis points in terms of the model or the margins. I was just hoping maybe you could give some insight as we begin a little bit further past COVID and you have kind of hammered out more of the brand-standard enhancements. Does that 100 to 150 number or whatever that equates to in basis points, does that seem low now? And do you think given the things you have seen with staffing and efficiencies and ADRs and things like that, that may wind up being low and that sort of the previously disseminated margin improvements are going to wind up being light of what is actually going to happen?
Sourav Ghosh: 46:53 Hey, Neil, it is Sourav. So, I think the way to think about it in terms of the margin expansion, it really will be driven by how quickly we get back to 2019 levels of revenue, right? So the $100 million to $150 million, we are still very, very confident we can deliver that in incremental EBITDA based on 2019 numbers. But all depends on when we get back to the revenue. And frankly, if we get back via rate first, which it looks like we will, obviously you benefit more on the margin front as a result of that. So yes, there is definitely possibility that you end up getting more of a margin expansion as a result of coming back to '19 levels via rate. 47:33 As it relates to where we stand on our initiatives, we talked about it in sort of three big buckets. One is the reduction of management staffing at all our hotels, and it was very hotel specific. We went through every single hotel on sort of zero-based budget and figured out what the ideal staffing level is on -- at a normalized level. And I am happy to report that we had said about 25% to 30% of management staffing would be reduced permanently and that it has been the case, and that is baked into our 2022 budgets. 48:05 The second big bucket was reduction in Above Property charges, which if you listened to the Marriott call, that has also resulted in savings and can -- will continue to result in savings. That is also baked in. The last bucket was sort of twofold. One, as you said, is the modification or elimination of certain brand standards, and then also leveraging technology to drive improved productivity. I will say, of the $100 million to $150 million, 60% we have already initiated, and we are well underway to initiate the balance 40%, which is really the third bucket of brand standards and technology implementation. 48:46 On the brand standards piece, there are a lot of changes that have already taken place, whether that is removal of compendiums or it is making the long stocks optional or relaxation of robes and slipper standards at the premium brands, and including flexibility of operating hours for the club lounge. Minimum hours that are not only for the club lounge but also premium restaurant, as well as relaxation of whether you need premium restaurants at non-resort hotels. So we have made significant progress on the brand standard front. I think the piece which we are still testing right now is housekeeping, and we will have an answer on that sometime middle of this year, but certainly not going back to where we were in 2019. It is really about providing more optionality and flexibility to the guest, but still making sure there is that guest satisfaction level that is needed for the respective brands. So hopefully that gives you some color.
Neil Malkin: 49:47 Yeah. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: 49:53 Your next question is coming from Jay Kornreich. Please announce your affiliation then pose your question.
Jay Kornbrekke: 50:01 Hey, it is Jay Kornreich with SMBC Nikko. Great to be on the call. With the return of office inflection point likely now underway, which we expect to lead to a strong recovery in BT demand, and you indicated seeing settlement in February, do you consider getting I guess more aggressive in shifting your acquisition pipeline to focus more on dense urban markets to get ahead of that instead of the resort and Sunbelt strategy over the past year?
Jim Risoleo: So, Jay, your question is, are we going to move to where the puck's going or where the puck has already been. Right? In the words of Wayne
Jay Kornbrekke: 50:43 Correct.
Jim Risoleo: 50:46 As we think about acquisition opportunities, I will say a couple of things. We don't have a red line through any market in the United States today. And nor do we have a red line to any property type. However, we have not seen a lot of opportunities in the major urban markets to date. And we did have a keen focus last year on Sunbelt and resort markets. Even if we were to deploy capital into the major urban markets, assuming we could find the right asset at the right pricing and it worked for us, I think the demographics of the nation are such that we will continue to deploy capital in Sunbelt markets for a lot of reasons. Just the inflows of business, the inflows of people, the favorable operating environment, the low cost structure, it makes those markets attractive to us. 51:55 In resorts today, we own 16 resorts. If the -- if you look at supply statistics, the lowest level of new supply in the nation is in the resort market. And the second-lowest level of new supply is in the big box hotels, many of which we own. So we are very comfortable in both of those areas. And as opportunities become available, we will certainly evaluate them. There just hasn't been anything in the market that has been of interest to-date.
Jay Kornbrekke: 52:33 Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: 52:39 Your next question for today is coming from Stephen Grambling. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Stephen Grambling: 52:46 Hi, it's Stephen with Goldman Sachs. Maybe a follow-up on the urban market question, are you seeing any change in the supply backdrop in these markets given how long some of these assets have effectively stated in a negative EBITDA? And would that potentially be a catalyst for you may be shifting back into those markets -- shifting back but maybe refocusing there?
Jim Risoleo: 53:12 Yes, Stephen, I -- supply has taken a material hit in a lot of the markets around the country. I think that CBRE and SGR are projecting supply growth at just over 1% through at least 2023. The total pipeline is down something like 8% of pre-pandemic levels, and there are a lot of projects out there but they are just languishing right now. The most comforting statistic around supply is the in-construction pipeline is now about 25% to pre-pandemic levels. So the supply situation is -- we can't paint a broad brush with it. The lowest supply markets are Hawaii, San Diego, San Francisco, and Seattle. 54:07 Unfortunately, there is still a lot of supply coming online in New York. And I think we are going to see that happen over the course of '22 and even '23 and there is a lot of supply coming online in Los Angeles. So there are some hotels that are not going to reopen in San Francisco and in New York, but it is nothing like the talk early in the pandemic about a massive shift of hotel inventory coming out of the market. So, again, market-specific, asset-specific, pricing-specific, but we will continue to explore opportunities again with the sole objective in mind being elevating the EBITDA growth profile of the company.
Stephen Grambling: 55:04 Helpful. Thanks. I will jump back in the queue.
Operator: 55:10 Your next question is coming from Robin Farley. Please announce your affiliation then pose your question.
Robin Farley: 55:17 Thanks. Yes, it is Robin Farley with UBS. A lot of my questions have been answered. I guess, just maybe one more follow-up on the transaction environment. Just given you had a great track record of transactions last year, just with kind of a more recovered market out there, interest rates moving up, I guess it's -- how much opportunity -- how would you compare the environment generally in terms of opportunity for transactions compared to where it was in the second half of last year? 55:47 And if you can remind us if there is a certain dollar amount that you have to spend on acquisitions this year, like as a result of 1031 exchanges or anything like that we should keep in mind too? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: 56:00 Yes, Robin, that the second part of your question regarding certain dollar amount, there is not. We have been able to like trying to exchange our sales proceeds really reverse like kind of exchange or so, sales proceeds into the acquisitions that we did last year. Most recently, the sale of the Sheraton Boston into the Hotel Van Zandt, so we are in a very good place with respect to no pressure to buy assets to protect the 1031 exchange issue. 56:39 I think what happened with the Omicron variant coming to light in December, typically, we would see a strong pipeline of assets at the ALIS Conference, which was held third week in January this year. I did not -- we as a company, that my team did not hear of a lot of acquisitions in the market today. We think people have pulled back as a result of Omicron and just wanted to wait and see what the impact was on hotel performance. And as we have said, $105 RevPAR in January, $150 to $155 RevPAR in February, a strong bounce back. So I would expect that we will see more properties come to market in the second half of the year. 57:37 But at this point in time, there just aren't that many assets out there we are interested in. And I might remind you that of the seven assets we bought last year, five of them we purchased off market. So we are going to continue to have conversations with owners of hotels that are of interest to us.
Robin Farley: 58:02 Okay. Thats great. Thanks very much.
Operator: 58:08 Your next question is coming from Anthony Powell. Please announce your affiliation then pose your question.
Anthony Powell: 58:14 Hi, it is Anthony Powell from Barclays. Just a question on the dividend which was a nice surprise. How did you get to the $0.03 quarterly number? You didn't have to pay dividend given your NOL, so I am curious, how should we expect the dividend to trend over the next several quarters? Do you look at percentage of FFO, cash flow? Just more detail would be super helpful.
Sourav Ghosh: 58:35 Sure, Anthony. No magic number that we sense. It really is what we are comfortable paying based on the recovery trajectory that we are seeing. It will all depend frankly on how that operational recovery pans out. And obviously our goal is to grow that dividend and get it to a sustainable level. But $0.03 is what we are comfortable with for the first quarter, we will see how operations shape up and what happens in subsequent quarters. We will obviously be authorized by our Board of Directors.
Anthony Powell: 59:10 So it could go up here even in the short-term if things continue to improve. Is that a fair assumption?
Sourav Ghosh: 59:16 That is fair.
Anthony Powell: 59:19 Okay. All right, great. Thank you. Great quarter.
Sourav Ghosh: 59:21 Thanks.
Operator: 59:24 Your next question for today is coming from Ari Klein. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Ari Klein: 59:31 Thanks. Ari Klein with BMO. Maybe on the CapEx front, the Marriott Transformation Program wraps up this year and some CapEx may be assets that have been sold, is the $400 million to $500 million ex-Marriott kind of the right way to think about CapEx beyond 2022? And what are some of the major ROI projects that are being contemplated beyond this year?
Jim Risoleo: 59:56 Sure. Let me start with a couple of the major ROI projects that are in that number. And I do want to emphasize that of the CapEx guidance we have given, $200 million is related to two major ROI projects that we believe will develop very -- deliver very attractive returns, double-digit cash on cash returns on the money we are putting into them. And the first is the Ritz-Carlton in Naples, it is a complete transformation of that asset. Every part of the resort, which is just a terrific hotel on the beach in Naples, Florida, is being touched. We are increasing the room count from 450 rooms to 474 rooms and we are combining 100 keys at that property, just to give you some color, to allow us to enhance the suite count from 35 suites to 92 suites. We are building a 74-key new tower and we are building a new club lounge that is frankly 6 times the size of the existing club. 61:15 Why is that important? For context, club rooms get an average annualized ADR premium in excess of $220, and we just didn't have the space at that property to sell the number of club rooms that the demand would warrant, so we are very excited about the things we are doing at Naples. Additionally, we are building a new swimming pool, a new pool bar, and completely redoing the lobby. This is anticipation in part -- a couple of things, that number one, focus groups' work that we did indicated that it was time to really update this property. It had been built in 1985, and really the bathrooms in particular needed to be updated and we went from 3-fixture bathrooms to either 4 or 5 fixture bathrooms throughout the entire hotel. We wanted to get ahead of the opening of the new Four Seasons down the road, which is about three years out, so we will be in very good shape. 62:20 Another asset that we are investing in in a meaningful way, a transformational way is the Fairmont Kea Lani on the island of Maui, Wailea. Again, another terrific resort that we think is going to develop -- going to deliver double-digit returns, double-digit cash on cash returns on our repositioning, and that is roughly $120 million, and allow us to better compete with the Four Seasons which is adjacent to the property. 62:51 So that is how we think about CapEx. We have I think this year, as I mentioned in my -- in my remarks, that we are going to, in addition to finishing up the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, we are going to complete and reposition three other properties, the Westin in Denver, the Westin in Georgetown, and the Miami Biscayne Bay Marriott. All expected to meaningfully increase yield index as a result of the capital that we are investing. So we are well on the way, we are excited about a 3 to 5 point gain in the yield index. We think actually that we are going to do better than that because that 3 to 5 point gain that we have messaged, a 3-point index is $22 million. Those numbers were developed pre-pandemic, and over the course of the pandemic, we had been investing in our assets. 63:58 Again, it is one of our 3 strategic objectives to gain market share. And we feel very confident that as business returns, that our assets are going to meaningfully outperform the competition because those assets, A, either haven't been invested in, or they are going to have to be taken out of service, and there is going to be attendant disruption. So stay tuned on that front.
Ari Klein: 64:26 Thanks for the color.
Operator: 64:31 Your next question is coming from Chris Woronka. Please announce your affiliation then pose your question.
Chris Woronka: 64:40 Hey, it is Chris from Deutsche Bank. Thanks for taking the question. Jim, as you guys think about the new cost structure that you have put in place and I understand still trying to hire some employees to fill it out, but we don't know exactly yet where all the brand standards are going to fall, right, on housekeeping and things like that by brand and price point. So the question is, is this going to be an evolving situation or do you think -- you think the brands get to a point where they say, this is the standard, we are going with it, and hire employees as needed? Just trying to get a sense for whether there is any kind of latent risk that we are going to end up with more labor than we thought we might need a year from now.
Jim Risoleo: 65:31 So, let me start the answer, Chris, and then I would like Sourav to jump in as well, because he has been having the conversations at the brand level. We started having conversations on brand standards pre-COVID. So it is not something that the initiative wasn't undertaken just as a result of the pandemic, but it was something that we had conversations with our major managers on -- in 2018 actually, and 2019. It is very clear now that there is no one brand standard, that it's all hotels. Both of our major managers have seen significant reductions in headcount at their headquarters, which really impacts Above Property cost and expenses. So I think we feel very confident that we are not going to see creep coming back in. 66:46 With that said, I will let Sourav jump in and maybe even talk about some of the more recent conversations we have had.
Sourav Ghosh: 66:55 Yes, I would echo what Jim said, I don't think there is any risk in terms of the creep coming back, and we have confidence in that. And when you look at sort of our success in expanding margin pre-COVID, which was pretty meaningful, we really did separated ourselves from our peers on the margin front, it was because we didn't let cost creep come back. And this time around, like I was saying earlier, we have zero-based everything for every single hotel. It is the first time we have the opportunity, because a lot of hotels just spend on their operations, for management team to really take a step back, work very closely with our asset management and enterprise analytics teams to come up with what the ideal -- really operating model should be and staffing levels should be at once things get back to normalized levels. 67:46 So for anything that gets added back, there is an approval process it needs to go through, and unless there is truly an ROI associated with that position being added back, we certainly do not approve it. So we are pretty confident that if there is any position added back, there is going to be a return associated with it. Otherwise, it is not going to be added back.
Chris Woronka: 68:09 Okay, very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: 68:16 Your final question for today is coming from Rich Hightower. Please announce your affiliation then pose your question.
Rich Hightower: 68:23 Hey, good morning, guys. Evercore ISI. Thanks for squeezing me in. I guess just to maybe play devil's advocate for one second here on the dividend, at least over the long-term. I mean, certainly in the short-term I totally understand a nominal dividend for sort of technical factors in terms of who can own the stock and so forth, but given that we are as early into the new cycle as we are, there is a lot of investment opportunities probably coming down the pike. You have got significant NOLs that will probably shield you from having to pay a significant dividend for several years. 69:00 So what is the thought about paying more than a penny than you have to pay once cash flows sort of stabilize? Why focus on the dividend? Do you think investors really care about it at the end of the day?
Sourav Ghosh: 69:16 Hey, Rich. One thing I want to make sure is clear is, we did not have a significant amount of NOLs at the REIT level. Majority of our NOLs is at the TRS level. So therefore, the question doesn't arise of shielding sort of our taxable income with NOLs at the REIT level. The REIT-level NOLs that we did have, we effectively plan to use if there is any gain on sale, and to offset that. So it is -- I just want to make sure that is clear, so whenever taxable income is going to be generated, we will be paying that off -- paying that out as dividend. So I just want to make sure that is clear, Rich.
Rich Hightower: 69:56 Yes, that is helpful. Yes, thanks for that. And then just more broadly then, just in terms of the opportunity landscape relative to the dividend, not that they have to be mutually exclusive by any means.
Jim Risoleo: 70:09 Yeah, Rich. I don't think they are mutually exclusive. If you look at the quantum of cash that goes out with the $0.03 dividend, it is $21 million order of magnitude. Annualize that times four, it is $80 million, so there is a subset of investors that aren't unable to -- we are not able to own our stock. And we have the balance sheet, we have confidence in the recovery and we want to give everyone an opportunity to participate in that recovery, which is one of the reasons why we reinstated the dividend at $0.03.
Rich Hightower: 70:57 All right. Got it, guys. Thanks for the color.
Operator: 71:04 That is all the time we had for questions today. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Jim for any closing comments.
Jim Risoleo: 71:12 Well, I would like to thank everyone for joining us on our fourth quarter call today, we appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. I look forward to meeting with many of you at in-person conferences in the coming weeks and months. Be well and stay healthy, and thank you for your continued support.
Operator: 71:36 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts ' Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws, as described in our filings with the SEC. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed. And we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA RE, and hotel - level results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release in our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at HostHotels.com. On today's call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
A - Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jamie. And thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. Despite the Delta variant, we continued to significantly outperform expectations and meaningfully be consensus metrics during the third quarter. We delivered Adjusted EBITDA RE of $177 million, which exceeded our interest in capital expenditures by $21 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.20 during the quarter. In addition to delivering positive metrics each quarter this year, these metrics continued to see meaningful sequential increases over the prior quarter. Proforma total revenues in the third quarter increased 25% sequentially over the second quarter, while proforma hotel-level operating expenses grew only 21%. The increase in revenues was driven by strong leisure demand at resorts and hotels in Sunbelt markets and Hawaii, which led to a $67 million increase in adjusted EBITDA RE in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. RevPAR for the third quarter was strong as volume improvements extended across the portfolio and rates held up in Sunbelt markets. While we saw softer demand at September due to Delta variant concerns, RevPAR for the quarter still improved by 26% compared to the second quarter. Our hotels saw a 49% increase in business transient room nights, and a 72% increase in group volume over the second quarter. Our recent acquisitions all contributed to the out-performance during the third quarter and are exceeding our underwriting expectations. Preliminary October RevPAR is expected to be approximately $143, a $15 increase over September, and the highest RevPAR we have seen this year. We believe RevPAR will dip slightly in November due to seasonality, before coming back in December. While much of the recovery was concentrated at resorts in Sunbelt markets during the first half of the year, our urban markets saw significant RevPAR improvements during the third quarter. At the start of the quarter, our urban and downtown markets had a weekly occupancy of 50%. And by the end of the quarter, these markets we're running at nearly 56% occupancy. Quarter-over-quarter RevPAR in our urban and downtown markets grew by 89% to almost $96 driven by both ADR and occupancy improvements. In addition to the sequential improvements in operations, we continue to execute on our three strategic objectives, all of which are aimed at elevating the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. Our objectives include redefining the hotel operating model, gaining market share at renovated hotels, and strategically allocating capital. As it relates to the last strategic objective, we made another off-market acquisition during the third quarter, Alila Ventana Big Sur in California. This brings our 2021 year-to-date acquisitions total to $1.2 billion at a blended 13.1 times EBITDA multiple. This is a continuation of our strategy to deploy capital into assets that will elevate the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio. On the dispositions front subsequent to quarter-end, we sold 5 hotels, totaling 2,323 keys for $551 million, including FF&E reserves at a 14.2 times EBITDA multiple, including forgone CapEx, based on 2018 results. Following this acquisition in our recent dispositions, which I will discuss in a moment, we have $1.7 billion of total available liquidity, including $138 million of FF&E reserves. As a reminder, we have completed 5 off-market hotel acquisitions this year, including the Hyatt Regency Austin, the Four Seasons Orlando at Walt Disney World, Bacers K Resorts in Key Largo, The Laura Hotel, which was formerly known as the Hotel Alessandra in Houston, and Elida events on a big serve. We also acquired the Royal Kanapali and Kanapali golf courses in Maui. All our recent acquisitions are performing substantially ahead of our underwriting expectations. As of September the updated 2021 forecasted EBITDA at Hyatt Regency Austin is $3.4 million higher than the full-year 2021. EBITDA that was estimated at underwriting. The Four Seasons Resort Orlando is $17.4 million higher, Baker's Cay Resort is $2.9 million higher, and the golf courses are $3 million higher. In addition, we acquired the former Hotel Alessandra, a luxury downtown hotel in Houston 's central business district. At the time of acquisition, the hotel was closed and fully unencumbered by brand and management. The property has been rebranded as The Laura Hotel, and it will be operated by HEI Hotels and Resorts as part of the Autograph Collection by Marriott. We have identified a number of opportunities that we believe will increase the EBITDA growth profile of this hotel, including affiliating the property with a major brand reservation system, expanding the FMB outdoor seating capacity, activating the rooftop pool experience, and leasing the ground for retail. The hotel is expected to open in the fourth quarter of 2021. Turning to our most recent transaction. In September, we closed on the off-market acquisition of a Alila Ventana Big Sur for $150 million. This ultra-luxury resort is one of the most uniquely located hotels in the United States, and benefits from extremely limited supply and high barriers to entry due to strict land-use regulations by the California Coastal Commission. We purchased the property at a 9.3 times EBITDA multiple on 2021 forecast.  The RevPAR is expected to be $1,320, the TRevPAR is $1,870 and the EBITDA per key is $273,000, based on 2021 forecast. Their performance ranks first in our 2019 proforma portfolio, RevPAR, and EBITDA per key by a very wide margin. Alila Ventana Big Sur is located on 160 acres of irreplaceable [indiscernible] on the California coast. It benefits from use of both the ocean and the redwood forest, and is a drive-to destination for some of the country's most affluent areas.  The hotel has 59 keys consisting of both rooms and suites and is operated under an all-inclusive model. It offers a luxury spa, 3 pools, a high-end fitness center, 12,000 square feet of event space, and 2 restaurants with locally sourced foods and a variety of private dining experience. In addition, the hotel has a number of unique outdoor amenities, including 63 camp sites with 15 luxury tubs located within the big serve Redwood's, as well as numerous tailored experiences and ventures. I cannot emphasize enough the unique nature of this asset and we are delighted to add it to our portfolio as the 12 Hyatt branded property, continuing our position as the largest third-party owner of Hyatt Hotels.  The hotel is Hyatt managed under the Lila brand. And since Hyatt acquisition of two rows hospitality in 2018, the properties have enjoyed increasing market share and a record year of profitability in 2021. The hotels significantly benefit from its high affiliation and World of Hyatt redemption bookings, which contributed a substantial amount of total room nights sold in 2020 and 2021. This demonstrates the growing desire for high-end leisure experiences among World of Hyatt loyalty members.  In conjunction with the Operator, we have identified additional opportunities to grow EBITDA at the property, and we have conservatively modeled this asset to stabilize between 8- and 10-times EBITDA in the 2025 to 2027 timeframe. The hotel recently completed a $23 million renovation and repositioning, investing $390,000 per key and the guestrooms, public spaces, pools, camping facilities, and back-of-house areas. We are excited to have an ownership presence in Big Sur. And we believe the iconic and irreplaceable nature of Alila Ventana Big Sur will further strengthen the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio.  As I mentioned, we disposed of 5 hotels totaling 2,323 keys for $551 million, which includes $11 million of that Bethany reserves, subsequent to quarter end. We sold the hotels at 14.2 times EBITDA multiple, including forgone CapEx based on 2019 Results. These 5 assets were sold as a portfolio and included the Westfields Marriott Washington Dullies, the Westin Buckhead Atlanta, The Whitley, the San Ramon Marriott, and The Westin LAX, both on ground leases. The avoided capital expenditures associated with these 5 properties is approximately $122 million over the next 5 years. We are pleased to have this capital to further bolster our EBITDA growth profile as we deploy it into high-growth assets in our existing portfolio or into new acquisitions.  In total, we have invested $1.2 billion in early cycle acquisitions year-to-date. The blended EBITDA multiple on our 5 hotel acquisitions this year now stands at 13 times, which compares favorably to the $551 million we disposed up at a 14.2 times EBITDA multiple. Between 2018 and 2021, we acquired $2.8 billion of assets at a 14 times EBITDA multiple and disposed a $4 billion of assets at 17 times EBITDA multiple, including forgone CapEx. Since 2017, we have dramatically improved the quality of our portfolio, increasing the RevPAR of our assets by 10%, the EBITDA per key by 20%, and the EBITDA margins by 110 basis points based on 2019 pro forma results. As we evaluate capital allocation opportunities going forward, we will continue to focus our efforts on assets with higher expected growth with the objective of elevating our EBITDA growth profile. Moving onto third quarter operations, we saw significant improvements in transient room nights, which were up 18.5% compared to the second quarter. Our hotels in urban and downtown markets saw strong improvements in transient demand compared to last quarter as municipalities relax COVID restrictions. Occupancy in these markets increased by 17.4 percentage points to approximately 50% in the third quarter, along 24% ADR growth. In our Sunbelt and Hawaii markets, transient rates remained resilient up 26% in the third quarter compared to 2019, despite a modest softening of transient demand over the prior quarter due to seasonality. Our hotels saw continued strength in leisure demand during the quarter. Encouragingly, we saw a solid pickup in leisure demand in our urban and downtown hotels. For comparison, over Columbus Day weekend, our urban and downtown hotels achieved approximately 70% occupancy with an ADR of $231 versus 55% occupancy with an ADR of $180 over the July 4th holiday.  Special events such as the Boston and Chicago marathons, and the return of Broadway shows in New York, helped to drive this demand. Weekend occupancy at our entire portfolio reached 75% in early October with an ADR of $259 compared to a historical level of 87% and $259 in 2019. Resort revenue increased $43 million over 2019, driven by 39% ADR growth with rates in most of our resorts seeing double-digit percentage increases. We expect strong demand at our resorts to continue through year-end, particularly at our Hawaii hotels after the recent news that the state welcome non-essential travel back on November 1st.  Sourav will get into more detail on our business mix during the third quarter shortly. In addition to our successful capital allocation efforts this year, we remain focused on our three strategic objectives. As a reminder, we are targeting a potential $240 million to $315 million of incremental EBITDA over time on a stabilized annual basis as we execute the initiatives and projects underlying our strategic objectives. This range includes hotel EBITDA of approximately $93 million from our acquisitions year-to-date. First, we expect to generate $100 million to $150 million of potential long-term cost savings over time based on 2019 revenues from redefining our operating model with our managers. We have taken steps toward 50% to 60% of these savings to-date.  Second, we expect to generate $21 to $35 million of incremental EBITDA over time on a stabilized annual basis from our goal of gaining 3 to 5 points of weighted index growth at the 16 Marriott transformational capital program hotels, and 5 other hotels where major renovations have been recently completed or are underway. Keep in mind that our expectation of a 3-to-5-point gain in market share was a pre -pandemic estimate. As we have been in the unique position of deploying significantly greater capital in 2020 and 2021 than our competitors, we are optimistic that our market share gains could be greater as the property competitive set is either an inferior product due to lack of renovation or there will be meaningful business disruption as hotels are renovated.  We expect to complete approximately 85% of the Marriott transformational capital program by year-end, and substantially complete the program by the end of 2022. We expect to invest $1.2 billion in these 21 assets, or approximately $73,000 per key. As of the third quarter, we have invested $834 million in renovations at these hotels. And we do not expect to spend significant capital on these assets in future years. During the third quarter, we completed renovations at the New York Marriott Marquis, which included a complete upgrade of the guestrooms, renovations of over 140,000 square feet of meeting space, the expansion of a Skybridge line with 2 high-definition LED screens, and a re-imagined lobby with new bars and upgraded restaurants.  Subsequent to quarter end, we completed transformational renovations at the Orlando World Center Marriott in Florida, which included the guestrooms, and an updated lobby, restaurants, and bar. These multiyear comprehensive renovations at the 2 largest hotels in our portfolio were part of the Marriott transformational capital program and bring the total number of completed projects in this program to 10 of 16 properties. We avoided significant business disruption by completing these projects during the pandemic. And as a result, they are very well-positioned to capture market share in the recovery.  In addition to the Marriott transformational capital program assets, we recently completed the extensive guestroom renovations at the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point in Florida. Lastly, we expect to generate $25 million to $35 million of incremental EBITDA over time on a stabilized annual basis from recently completed and ongoing ROI development projects. These projects are at different stages of renovation and development, and stabilization is expected to occur 2 years to 3 years after completion. Some recent examples of our ROI development projects include the Andaz Maui villas, which are targeting 49% occupancy with an ADR over $1,600 for 2021 versus our underwriting at 34% occupancy with an ADR of $1,400.  And the 1 Hotel beach club enhancements, which have led to over $2.5 million in incremental revenues with returns exceeding the underwriting. To conclude my remarks, we continue to be very encouraged by the operational recovery we are seeing across the lodging industry. As we move further into the recovery, our capital allocation efforts over the past few years, the improved quality of our assets, and the elevated EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio, should accrue to the benefit of our stockholders. These factors combined with our strong balance sheet geographic diversity in size, scale, and reputation, leave us very well positioned to capitalize on accelerating demand. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim and good morning, everyone. Following Jim's comments, I will go into detail on our third quarter cash flow, operations, expenses and our top-line outlook for the remainder of the year. As Jim mentioned, we delivered positive adjusted EBITDA, ROE and FFO during the third quarter. In addition, we achieved an important milestone this quarter with positive cash flow for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. We delivered adjusted EBITDA ROE of $177 million, which exceeded our interest and capital expenditures by $21 million. We continued to benefit from quarterly sequential improvements with 65 hotels achieving positive hotel level operating profit compared to 53 hotels last quarter.  Subsequent to quarter end, these operational improvements led us to another important milestone of exiting our credit facility covenant waiver period, 3 quarters ahead of its exploration, and coming into compliance with our bond indenture debt incurrence covenants. This reduces our $2.5 billion credit facility interest rate by 40 basis points and gives us greater balance sheet flexibility. Moving on to top-line performance. While our Sunbelt hotels and our resorts continue to drive results, the third quarter represented the best quarter of the recovery for non - Sunbelt and large group hotels. Multiple hotels achieved positive EBITDA in the Chicago, DC, Boston, and San Francisco.  And all hotels in Philadelphia and Denver maintained positive RevPAR for the second quarter in a row. Our large group hotels in San Diego, San Antonio, and New Orleans also maintained positive EBITDA in the third quarter. Expanding on Jim 's business mix comments, our hotels saw business transient room nights increase 49% over the prior quarter, with a 5% increase in ADR to more than $172. even more encouraging is that 40% of those room nights came from our urban and downtown hotel, where business transient rooms sold increased 112% over the second quarter. Additionally, we saw increasing activity from traditional. top 10 accounts, including a mix of Fortune 500 financial, government and consulting companies.  A positive given the challenges the Delta variant presented during the quarter. On the group front, group revenue showed steady sequential improvement over the prior quarter with a 72% increase in room nights combined with a 11% increase in rate driven by our hotels in San Diego, New York, Boston, San Antonio, Austin, and Chicago. Overall, group room nights in the third quarter were 52% of 2019 levels despite the Delta variant headwinds. We were pleased to see corporate group performed better than expected in the quarter. This segment contributed 43% of total group room nights in the third quarter, which is on par with our pre -pandemic mix.  Corporate group rate also spends in to $196 in the third quarter, which is the highest it has been since the first quarter of 2020 and indicates that more traditional groups are coming back. Corporate group also drove significant improvements in Bankers revenue, which was up 100% quarter-over-quarter. Association group room nights of 150,000 was more than triple that of the second quarter, which we view as another positive sign for the return of large traditional groups. Affinity groups, which includes social, military, education, religious, and fraternal organizations have been driving group demand during the pandemic. These groups continue to show sequential quarterly improvement, up 27% over the prior quarter.  Looking forward, we currently have over 570,000 definite group room nights on the books for the rest of 2021. And we maintained 1.2 million group room nights on the books for the third and fourth quarters despite concern over the Delta variant. Of those group room nights on the books for the fourth quarter, over 42% of them are booked in San Diego, Boston, Orlando, and Phoenix. Net booking activity in the third quarter for 2022 totaled 180,000 room nights. Our managers remain focused on holding future group rates, thus ADR on the books is slightly higher than the same period in 2019. We now have roughly 2.6 million group room nights on the books in 2022, an 8% increase over the second quarter.  For comparison, this represents about 54% of 2019 actual group room nights compared to 50% last quarter. Moving onto expenses, proforma total operating costs rose by 21% during the third quarter, compared to the second quarter, despite a 25% increase in total revenues. Variable expenses were down 40% relative to a total revenue decline of 32% when compared to the third quarter of 2019. Most of this gap is due to the hiring pace, lagging demand growth, and we expect this gap to moderate through the fourth quarter as our operators continue to ramp up staffing levels. The number of open positions at our major operators indicate they are at roughly 94% of targeted staffing based on current business volumes.  For comparison, our managers have historically operated at 97% of targeted staffing based on historical business volumes. Fixed expenses, including wages and benefits, were 19% lower than the third quarter of 2019, and 16% higher than last quarter. Similar to last quarter, some traditionally fixed expenses like sales and marketing came back as business volumes continued to increase. Combining revenues and expenses this quarter, our expense reduction ratio came in at 0.93, which means that for every 10% decline in hotel revenue compared to proforma third quarter 2019, there was a 9.3% reduction in expenses. As Jim mentioned in the third quarter, proforma total operating expenses were down 30% to the third quarter of 2019 on revenues down 32%.  On our last call, we indicated that we were expecting an expense reduction ratio of 0.75 to 0.80 for the second half of this year. The difference between our third quarter results and our forecasts can be attributed fairly evenly to 3 factors: average daily rate came in better than expected, wages and benefits did not ramp up as expected due to hiring challenges in certain markets, and we had unanticipated favorable onetime items on the quarter, including business interruption, insurance proceeds, and property tax savings totaling approximately $10 million. We are expecting an expense reduction ratio of approximately 0.85 for the year, which reflects our expectation of great driven RevPAR growth. and a continued lag in expense growth driven by labor costs.  As you may recall, we introduced the expense reduction ratio during the pandemic to measure the change in property level expenses against the change in total revenue. As our revenue declines compared to 2019 decrease in size, onetime expenses have a much bigger impact on the ratio, thus making it less relevant. We therefore expect to revert to pre -pandemic metrics in the coming quarters as operations continue to normalize. Turning to our top-line outlook for the remainder of the year, we're still unable to provide guidance given the continued uncertainties surrounding COVID. That said, we continue to expect sequential quarterly RevPAR improvements driven by rate growth from Visa travelers at our resorts, and we are encouraged by the performance of our urban hotels as demand drivers in those markets continue to recover.  We also expect group and business transient to continue improving in our urban and downtown markets as impacts from the Delta variant moderate Company's return to the office, and traditional groups get back to meeting in person. To conclude, we are very pleased with our achievements during the third quarter, including generating positive adjusted EBITDA RE, FFO, and exiting our credit facility covering the waiver period, 3 quarters ahead of its expiration. We remain very well-positioned to execute on our goal of increasing the EBITDA growth profile and improving the quality of our portfolio, particularly given our strong Balance Sheet, accretive capital recycling, and the strong recovery that is underway.  We continue to make significant progress on redefining the operating model with our managers, increasing market share at our renovated asset, and strategically allocating capital. With that, we would be happy to take any questions. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator instructions] Your first question for today is coming from Rich Hightower. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Rich Hightower: Good morning, guys. I'm still with Evercore ISI. So a lot of statistics thrown out in the prepared comments, so thanks for the detail there. Maybe give us a sense -- there's a lot of time spent on the improvement in the urban and downtown segments of the portfolio and maybe give us a sense there of where you stand in October. And I guess, even November so far in terms of rate and occupancy versus the same period in 2019. And do you expect those hotels to bridge that gap in the same way that the leisure and resort segments have already done? Do you think that that gap could be fully bridged sometime next year? Is that a 2023 event? How do we think about that? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yeah, Rich, I will -- I'll start here and then Sourav, feel free to jump in as well. The number that we provided for our October RevPAR is a preliminary portfolio number. And we do not have granular data at this point time on performance at the urban hotels versus Sunbelt leisure hotels. We did a rollout and we saw that $143 is a good number and that's the number we provided. So we're confident given the trajectory of the business return that we saw in the third quarter, in particular, that the business is going to continue to ramp. And the encouraging -- a lot of encouraging data points, as you said, in our prepared comments.  But one of the most encouraging, with respect to the urban hotels, is the level of leisure business we saw come back to those properties as amenities started to open up, such as Broadway in New York, we saw the Boston Marathon, we've had really strong performance on the leisure side. We're seeing a lot of solid business transient come back to the urban properties as well. And that's business transient from our traditional -- more traditional accounts. The top 10 accounts that are household names, financial services, consulting defense-related businesses, government accounts.  So we are very encouraged with the ramp that we're seeing occur to give -- go from 50% at the beginning of the quarter to 56% in occupancy at the end of the quarter, and see a nice uptick in rate is very encouraging to us. So as vaccines continue to be rolled out, we had good news. I guess was just yesterday, that adolescents are now approved for vaccines. So down to children now to 5 years older are eligible to get a vaccine. We think that's very encouraging. We feel that businesses are going to get back to work.  They're going to open their offices. And there is clearly a pent-up demand on the part of businesses to get out on the road and meet people. We're experiencing it ourselves in our offices. The number of folks who want to come by and say hello face-to-face, really is testament to the fact that there's no substitute for in-person communication and in-person collaboration. Sourav, I don't know if you have anything else that we can add at this point in time.
Sourav Ghosh: Yeah. Hey, Rich, I can give us some color at least on the BT front as it relates to October, specifically. We do expect October to be the strongest [indiscernible] month for 2021, approximately 6000 room nights was all we have on the books for BT, and that's a 17% increase over September. If you recall, from the beginning of the year from January through July, we had about on average a 30% sequential improvement in BT room nights every single month. We saw a slight increase from July to August, and then a slight dip from August to September. But now we have picked up and back on the trajectory that we had seen early on in the year.  So very encouraged. And as Jim talked about our overall BT rate is actually up 5% quarter-over-quarter, and that's holding strong. As it relates to 2019, we're about call it around 50% of 19 levels as we stand right now and we expect that to continue to improve with every single quarter going forward.
Rich Hightower: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Smedes Rose. Please announce your affiliation then pose your questions.
Smedes Rose: Hi, it's Smedes with Citi. Sourav, you gave a lot of specifics around labor and cost ratios, which we'll probably going to look through in more detail. But I guess in general, I just wanted to ask you about the pace of labor costs, particularly for hourly workers, and tying that back to your initial cost savings [Indiscernible] you tell me if this is fair, but it seems that labor, it definitely moves higher than maybe what those -- some of those initial goals were provided. And I'm just wondering if it takes you longer to get said cost-savings target or have you just been able to offset and replaced the cost with other savings?
Sourav Ghosh: I'm sure Smith you are breaking up there a little bit, but I think I got your question. On the labor front. What I'll start off with sort of end with $100 million to $150 million that we may have messaged is when we were going into 2020, we were expecting higher than inflationary growth in a few of the Sunbelt markets, and that's obviously pre -pandemic. So as we went through the pandemic there were obviously the rate of acceleration in terms of wage growth in those markets went up. For the portfolios, I can give you some specific numbers here. For the portfolio, I would say, we expect a CAGR from 19% to 22 of about five to 7%. Now I would break that down between urban and Sunbelt markets.  For urban, just given a lot of those are covered under the CBA, that would be around 3% to 4% CAGR from 2019 to 2022. In the Sunbelt, that CAGR would be about 6% to 8%. So again, the overall portfolio we expect that CAGR of 2019 to 2022 to be about 5 to 7. Now, as it relates to the 100 million and 115 million that we messaged, remember that was in relation to 2019 revenues and expenses. So reality is, depending on how quickly we get back to 19 levels of revenue, you can see all that benefit come through to the bottom line, obviously, depending on how much inflationary -- above inflationary growth we see in wages and benefits, it will be shaved off, and that will impact margin going forward. So hopefully that answers your question.
Smedes Rose: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Neil Malkin. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Neil Malkin: Good morning, everyone. Neil Malkin, Capital One Securities, good to be with you all. Great quarter, great announcements. Jim or Sourav, I thought it was pretty impressive that you were able to keep your occupancy fairly steady through the third quarter despite the vicissitudes of the Delta variant impact on particularly the corporate side of demand. Can you just talk about how you were able to do that? And what things -- leverage you were able to pull or what came in better than expected, that allowed you to maintain those occupancies again, despite the dip in the middle of the quarter from a national level? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Neil [indiscernible] we're very encouraged with the trend line that we're seeing going forward. And I think one of the most encouraging data points with respect to the second half of the year and the third quarter and the fourth quarter, was the fact that we were able to maintain 1.2 million group room nights on the books, notwithstanding Delta. So it just points out that there's a lot of pent-up demand in the economy, in general, people want to get back out, they want to meet, they want to travel, we have seen a little bit of a pullback as a result of Delta as everyone else did. But as the Delta trend line started to diminish and we got over the peak and new cases, and people saw that we were going in the same direction as countries in other parts of the world were, they got back on the road.  So there's no magic to it. I think one of the -- and we've talked about this a lot. The quality of our assets is really second to none. And the fact that we have continued to invest capital in our portfolio, we think is going to be a true competitive advantage as business really starts to open up. I mean, I said it in my prepared remarks with respect to market share gains as we embarked upon the Marriott transformational Capital Program back in '17 and '18, we underwrote 3 to 5 points, pick up in RevPAR yield index. That was pre -pandemic. Now that we're going to have a portfolio that is largely refreshed, I mean, we have spent $75000 a key on the 21 properties that we referenced, 16 Marriotts and five other assets.  We would expect that we'll continue to see strong performance going forward. And I'm optimistic quite frankly, that we'll pick up more than 3 to 5 points in yield index. So I think it's a combination of the quality of our assets to location of our assets. Our asset managers and enterprise analytics team working very closely with the best in the business. Whether it's Marriott, Hyatt, our independent managers that are out there Just really being very thoughtful about revenue management strategies and yield management strategies in getting business in the hotels while maintaining rate integrity. And I think that's a big -- it's another big story as we open up for business again.  This pandemic and post-pandemic has been marked by material yield and ADR integrity as opposed to what happened coming out of the Great Recession. So we're able to truly asset-manage these hotels and revenue -manage them to maximize RevPAR. And I expect we'll continue to do that going forward.
Neil Malkin: Thank you and congrats on the quarter.
Jim Risoleo: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Bill Crow. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Bill Crow: Hey, good morning. Jim, Just curious on the group side, I think yesterday Marriott suggested their group revenues on the books for next year are down roughly 20%, and I think you said your pace is down 46%, rate up just a little bit. Is it a locational issue, is it just the big city-wide, or what creates such a big gap between what Marriott was suggesting for their portfolio and you who own a lot of the Marriott group houses?
Jim Risoleo: Bill, I don't know if anybody on Host team, I don't know if Sourav listened to the Marriott call. I did not hear what they had to say. But we are at -- for 2022, as we sit here today, we had 54% of our group room nights on the books for next year that we had relative to the same time in 2019 for 2020. So we're encouraged that that number actually ticked up from 50% at the end of our second quarter call to 54% now. So I don't know what Marriott said with respect to pace, but we're actually encouraged.  I mean We have roughly 2.6 million group room nights on the books. And if we looked at the same period of time, quarter three 2019, for quarter three 2020, just to give you some context. And this is what we talked about last quarter. We had 68% of our actuals on the books at that point in time I think the real number to look at is 68 to 54. And That's the gap that we're working really hard to close. Does that answer your question, Bill?
Bill Crow: Yeah, thank you. If I could just put a little bit finer point on it. How our New York and San Francisco, in particular, stacking up next year, on a group basis? And then maybe, Sourav, if you could just tell us how much cancellation and attrition fee income was included in the third quarter results that'd be great. Appreciate it.
Jim Risoleo: Well, San Francisco is going to have a challenging 2022. There's no question about it. As we look at convention calendars for next year, San Francisco is very challenged. They're down at the bottom of the pack quite candidly. I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that they were the last major city to open their convention center. I mean, they didn't open their Moscone until September of this year. So San Francisco will recover. It's going to take time for San Francisco to recover. With respect to New York, New York is a tough market if you want to talk about city-wise, because they don't have a lot of city-wise in New York City.  And what we're seeing in New York is the return of a lot of affinity groups, a lot of our corporate groups are coming back. And we're very encouraged with what we're seeing in New York, particularly as International Inbound comes back into that market. International Inbound in New York City accounts for about 12% of our business. So again, as the borders open up and it's early, but we are encouraged with what we're seeing in New York.
Sourav Ghosh: Hey, before I give you an attrition cancellation number, Bill on the group front, one thing I'll say is we obviously are expecting more in the year for the year bookings in 2022. While yes, pace is lower than what we had in '19 for '20, it's somewhat expected it just to given the skittishness in terms of booking, particularly with the blip that we had with Delta, we do believe a lot of those accounts are going to come out in the sidelines and then book in the year for the year. So we expect in the year for the year activity to be much greater than what we had seen back in 2019.  And also sort of since the start of 2021, just to put in perspective, we booked 600,000 room nights for 23 to 25 and that's like a 20% increase since the start of the year. And if you compare that same time period, the 3 years from 19, that was a 23% for future years. So that we're doing really well. It's a matter of 2022, which we feel will do well in the year for the year. [Indiscernible]
Jim Risoleo: Let me add one more data point, Bill, for your benefit. As we look -- because we spent some time looking at citywide for 2022. And if we look at all citywide markets, we have about 89% of -- the citywide calendar equates to about 89% of 2019 citywide. And we have obviously a number of markets that are going to outperform like Minneapolis, San Antonio, Atlanta, Houston, Chicago and Boston. And on down the line with, quite frankly San Francisco being at the bottom of that list. But there's a lot of good news out there as well. And sitting here today at 89%, again, makes us feel pretty good about how things are going to evolve. Sourav, you want to answer the question about attrition cancellation?
Sourav Ghosh: Yeah. We recognize $16 million of attrition cancellations for the quarter.
Bill Crow: Sixteen, is that what you said?
Sourav Ghosh: Yeah, one six, correct?
Bill Crow: Yes. Thank you. Thank you both for the time.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Thomas Allen, please announce your affiliation then pose your question.
Thomas Allen: Morgan Stanley. Sir just thinking about the fourth quarter of the RevPAR trends. You talked about November RevPAR dipping business seasonality than back in December. Can you just help us think about the outlook on versus 2019 level and how you see trends going forward?
Sourav Ghosh: So October number is down about 34% to 2019. I'll put this in perspective. I think November, sitting here right now, would get somewhere in the neighborhood of down $5 to $7 from October, and then December, close to October RevPAR. That's what we're thinking, as we said as of today, just based on the data that's available.
Thomas Allen: Okay. And then, I mean, typically you haven't given monthly. So is that implying on a versus 2019 level, things are improving as we got through the year, or do you [Indiscernible] and then my follow-up question that I'm going to ask is, the borders are opening next week for more international visitors, are you seeing a material benefit from that and bookings yet or is it too early to tell or too difficult to tell. Thank you.
Sourav Ghosh: We have gotten anecdotal commentary on that, speaking with some of our hotels in New York, as well as our San Francisco, I mean, international flight bookings are certainly up 15% since the announcement has taken place. So 6 weeks out from the time of the announcement, the bookings are up 15%. And specifically for San Francisco, that's up 34%, and that compares to what it was 6 weeks before that announcement. So it's encouraging from a hotel's perspective in New York, we've definitely seen a transient pickup and we can attribute pretty meaningful percentage to pick up from Europe specifically. But I don't have any hard numbers yet that I can share.
Thomas Allen: All right. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Dory Keston. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good morning. Wells Fargo. Now, that you've exited the covenant waiver period for your credit facility, what barriers exists for returning to paying the common dividend?
Jim Risoleo: Hi Dori. The barrier than exist is our belief that we will see a sustained recovery and put us in a position when we start paying a dividend again, that we can maintain the dividend and increase the dividend on a regular basis. So we view paying dividend as one of the arrows in the equivalent of capital allocation.
Jim Risoleo: and we realized that dividends are important to a lot of our shareholders. Our policy prior to the pandemic was to pay out 100% of our taxable income. As agreed, we have to pay out 90%. And as we see how business returns, and as we can wrap our arms around the pace of the recovery, we will take that into consideration as we think about reinstating the dividend.
Dori Kesten: Correct. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Anthony Powell. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Anthony Powell: A transaction questions. We haven't got one yet. Just -- the pipeline has been very strong this year, the Big Sur acquisition is attractive. What's the pipeline look like going forward? And as you look at acquisitions going forward, given you exited the covenant waiver, how do you rank incremental debt equity offerings and using your cash balance as sources of funds for those deals?
Jim Risoleo: Hey Anthony. The pipeline continues to be vibrant, I would say. As you know, the deals that we've been able to get done this year have been off-market transactions, and that's where we continue to stay focused right now. Because there is a fair amount of competition out there, given that the debt markets are flushed with cash, the CMBS market in particular, flushed with cash and a lot of the private equity firms were sitting on the sideline waiting for the CMBS markets to come back.  So we are starting to see more competition. As we think about sources of capital, we're very, very delighted that we could exit the credit waiver amendment, 3 quarters before exploration. And one of the other data points that we didn't discuss is the fact that we had a debt incurrence test under our bond indenture. As you know, our portfolio is completely unencumbered, so it's all Balance Sheet that and we had a debt incurrence test under our bond indenture that precluded us from getting -- from issuing new debt. Hard to stop until we got back above 1.5 times interest coverage. So we have -- we met that threshold as well. I think it's going to on the margin give us a little more flexibility on the acquisition front. There were several transactions in the market that we worked on last year that had existing debt in place and that debt was prohibitively expensive to break and pay off, so we had to take a pass. But now with the fact that we can acquire assets with that, that gives us another opportunity to look at a few hotels out there that are encumbered with existing financing.  So we're very happy with our cash position. We're happy with the fact that we have come out of the credit waiver amendments 3 quarters early. And between cash on hand and the ability to issue new debt, I think that is the direction you would see us going if we continue to deploy capital into new acquisitions.
Anthony Powell: Got it. So the bar is higher for ATM now; is that fair?
Jim Risoleo: I think that's very fair. Yes.
Anthony Powell: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Woronka. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Chris Woronka: Tapes Deutsche Bank. Thanks for all day points, guys, very helpful. Question is, Jim, you guys scheme out a bunch of data on your acquisition date and how much they're beating initial underwriting. And I think that was a comment probably on 2021. Could you just talk about -- if that's correct, could you talk about whether the expectations for future years have also changed? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Well, Chris, we are in the middle of the budgeting process. So it's a little early to give you specific numbers, but I would venture that give -- coming off the strong base in 2021 that we're seeing it really every deal that we've acquired this year, that 2022 is likely to outperform our underwriting expectations as well. When we -- when we underwrote the acquisitions throughout the course of this year, we were in a very -- period of great uncertainty. We didn't really have a sense on how Delta COVID was going to behave. And when we, when the country was going to be able to get COVID under control. So, long way of saying that we were conservative in our underwriting. And conservative in our underwriting. But as we looked out to, say '23, '24 and beyond, and the financial performance that we baked into these properties, it penciled on an IRR basis and allowed us to pull the trigger and deploy capital.  I think that it's going to be meaningfully better across the board. I mean, if you just look at where we put capital and what's happening in these markets, some of the best highest growing -- highest growth markets in the country with meaningful barriers to new supply. If you think about Alila, truly iconic and irreplaceable asset, to be able to buy that at 9.3 times on this year's EBITDA, an asset that is generating $275,000 a key in EBITDA and we're not seeing any slowdown there. The Four Seasons Resort Walt Disney World, we're just starting to see, the benefits of the celebration the 50th anniversary celebration of Walt Disney World that just kicked off in October.  So I expect that we're going to see our performance going forward. And I think that you'll see it across all of the assets we bought that and we're going to continue to see it in our resort portfolio, which is comprised of 16 properties now. And we will see business return to the major urban markets. We've been encouraged there as well this last quarter.
Chris Woronka: Okay. Very good. Thanks, Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Darling. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Chris Darling: Hi. Good morning. I'm with Green Street. Just going back to the Ventana acquisition for a second. You mentioned 8 times to 10 times stabilized EBITDA multiple by about 2025. But given you're acquiring it at just over 9 times multiple, does that imply that this is really the high watermark for the near-term and you might be expecting a dip in performance over the next couple of years? And then also curious if you could comment on the Terniums of the Hyatt management agreement there?
Jim Risoleo: Well, with respect to the terms of Hyatt's management agreement, that's not something that we're in a position to talk about. Chris, I will tell you that the World of Hyatt is doing an incredible job filling that -- filling Alila Ventana and they were getting between 65% and 75% of our room nights through World of Hyatt redemptions. And as a high redemption hotel, we're getting a -- the premium rate. The highest rate that the property is selling rooms for. So at 59 rooms, that gives us the opportunity to really yield manage, to revenue manage the rooms that are not being sold through the World of Hyatt redemption program.  With respect to our stabilized EBITDA multiple, we gave a range of 8 to 10 times. Is 8 doable? I think it is doable. But are we being conservative and throwing a range of 8 to 10 out there? I think that's the way you should think about it.
Chris Darling: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ari Klein. Please announce your affiliation, then pose your question.
Ari Klein: Thank you. BMO. Maybe on the disposition, you sold a few post a quarter and, I guess, or importantly, some others that might be on the market. How should we think about asset sales from here? Have you done most of the heavy lifting? Is there anything else that you'd look to sell?
Jim Risoleo: Yeah, Ari. I mean, it's -- real estate alert is always good with publishing a rumored acquisition or a rumor disposition. And I'm very glad that on the?5-pack that? they indicated we were going to sell for $500 million and we ended up selling for $551 million. With respect to future dispositions, I think that you should think about our capital allocation strategy, really with one bottom-line goal in mind. Everything that we do is meant to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio. And if we were to sell other assets, it would be because we believe that we are getting fair value for the assets relative to our whole value, and that by making those dispositions, we can redeploy that Capital either into new acquisitions or into assets that we currently own that are going to grow faster than the rest of the portfolio on average.  So as you're thinking about [indiscernible] going forward, I think that's the way -- that's the bottom line. It's all to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio.
Ari Klein: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions. I would now like to turn the floor over to Jim for any closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Well, thank you, everyone. I'd like to thank you all for joining us on our third quarter call. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you, And I look forward to meeting with many of you, unfortunately, virtually in Nareit next week. We really wanted to have the Nareit meeting in person at the Wind Hotel in Las Vegas, but there wasn't universal support among all the -- REIT teams to meet in an environment where masks are required and they're still required. So for those of you that I don't meet virtually, enjoy the upcoming holiday season. Be well and stay healthy and we, at Host, thank you for your continued support.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to Jaime Marcus, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Jamie, please go ahead.
Jaime Marcus: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and hotel-level results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterdays earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. Participating in todays call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Jamie, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. As the saying goes, the trend is your friend, and that has certainly been the case for Host in the broader lodging sector since the first quarter. While we are paying close attention to the delta variant and the potential impacts to our business, we are very pleased with the performance of our portfolio. We are seeing increased demand across all business segments as market restrictions lift and the lodging recovery gains momentum. TSA passengers group trends have accelerated since Memorial Day and are currently about 80% of 2019 levels compared to 60% in April. Leisure demand remains resilient in group and business transient volumes continue to trend in the right direction. We significantly outperformed expectations and meaningfully beat consensus estimates on all metrics in the second quarter. Our RevPAR increased 55% over the first quarter. We delivered positive adjusted EBITDAre of $110 million, pro forma hotel EBITDA of $126 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.12. Each of these metrics saw meaningful sequential increases over the first quarter. For the second quarter, pro forma revenues increased 54% over the first quarter, while hotel-level operating expenses grew by only 32%. The increase in revenues was driven by stronger than anticipated demand, continued expense savings for redefining the operating model and slower than expected hiring in Sunbelt market. These factors led to a 400% increase in pro forma hotel EBITDA in the second quarter versus the first quarter. We are continuing to see green shoots across all aspects of our business as the lodging recovery gains momentum. As a result, we are pleased to announced that as of August 1, all of our properties are open and operating with the exception of our latest acquisition, the former Hotel Alessandra, which Ill discuss in more detail shortly. In tandem with the operational recovery, we are continuing to increase the expected EBITDA growth profile of our portfolio and improve the quality of our assets by executing on our three strategic objectives, which are to redefine the hotel operating model, gain market share at renovated hotels and strategically allocate capital. As it relates to our capital allocation strategy, we closed on two more off-market acquisitions since our last call in May, the Bakers Cay Resort in key Largo and a former Hotel Alessandra, a luxury downtown hotel in Houston central business district. Along with our previously announced acquisitions, these two hotels bring our 2021 year-to-date acquisitions to $1.1 billion at a 13.8x EBITDA multiple, which is based on 2019 EBITDA projected normalize operation in the case of Bakers Cay and the former Hotel Alessandra. After taking into account these two acquisitions, we have $1.3 billion of total available liquidity, including $139 million of FF&E reserves. As a reminder, we discuss the acquisition of two hotels in two Golf Courses on Maui on our first quarter earnings call. We purchased the 448 room Hyatt Regency Austin for $161 million for $359,000 per key at a 10% cap rate and 8.8x multiple on 2019 NOI and EBITDA, respectively. We also purchased the 444 key Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort for $610 million or $1.4 million per key at a 4.7% cap rate and 16.8x EBITDA multiple on 2019 NOI and EBITDA, respectively. We expect this iconic airy place for resort to stabilize between 12x and 14x EBITDA in the 2023 and 2025 timeframe. We also acquired the Royal Kaanapali and Kaanapali Kai Golf Courses in Maui for $28 million. All three of these acquisitions are performing meaningfully ahead of our underwriting expectations. As of June, the Hyatt Regency Austin is $4.1 million higher than our four year 2021 EBITDA forecast. And the Four Seasons Resort Orlando is $11.7 million higher. Additionally, the Golf Courses having expected cash on cash return of approximately 11% for the calendar year 2021. Turning to our most recent acquisitions. First, the Bakers Cay Resort Key Largo, a beach front property, and our first asset in the Florida Keys. We close on this off-market acquisition on July 1 for $200 million through a longstanding relationship with the seller. The resort was attractively priced at an estimated 6.2% cap rate and 14.5x EBITDA multiple on 2021 forecast. While the property was closed for much of 2019, as it went through an extended renovation, this 2021 forecast performance would rank eighth in our 2019 pro forma portfolio on both RevPAR and EBITDA per key. Through opportunities we have identified to organically grow EBITDA as a property, we expect it to stabilize at approximately 13x EBITDA between 2023 and 2025. The 200 room resort in Hiltons Curio Collection is located on 13 acres of your irreplaceable beachfront land on Key Largos Golf Coast. The resort is in excellent condition after reopening in 2019, following a complete renovation totalling $63 million or $315,000 per room. We are thrilled to have a presence in Key Largo as it benefits from the favorable supply demand dynamics of the Keys, while still being close to mainland Florida. The resort is about an hours drive from the Miami airport, and it is within a five-hour drive for over 22 million Florida residents. This proximity to the mainland also allows for greater access to labor relative to Keys that are further south. The Florida Keys are highly desirable from an owners perspective, given the unique supply and demand dynamics in the market. The rate of growth ordinance ensures that new hotel rooms could only be added if they replaced existing entitled dwelling units, which has led to a 4% supply increase in the Keys from 2000 to 2019 versus 25% for the U.S. according to STR. That in turn has led to Keys consistently having leading upper upscale RevPAR in RevPAR growth as detailed in the Bakers Cay presentation on our website. Moving on to our most recent acquisition, the former Hotel Alessandra, a luxury downtown hotel in Houston central business district. We opportunistically acquired this 223 room hotel for $65 million or $291,000 per room on July 2, prior to a scheduled foreclosure auction. Our ability to source and close on this distress off-market acquisition is truly a testament to Hosts deep industry relationship, strong balance sheet and ability to close reliably and quickly. Having recently opened in October 2017, this hotel is in excellent condition and we expect little to no capital to be invested in the near-term. At $65 million, we purchased the hotel for an approximate 30% discount to its $90 million development costs. The hotel is currently closed and is fully unencumbered by branded management. We have engaged ATI to operate this hotel with a nationally recognized brands, reservation system and loyalty program, thereby maximizing its attractiveness to business transient and leisure guests. While this hotel had not reached the stabilization in 2019, based on our forecast for normalize operations, which assumes a new manager, brand and operations in line with the 2019 operations of comparable Houston properties, the price would represent a 9.6% cap rate and 9.2x EBITDA multiple. Additionally, we have identified a number of opportunities to explore with our new operator, which we believe will increase the EBITDA growth profile of this hotel. We have the knowledge of the Houston market given our existing ownership of four hotels in the city. The former Hotel Alessandra is part of the green stream mixed use development in the center of downtown Houston, which has the second largest concentration of public companies in the U.S., including 24 Fortune 500 companies. In addition, Houston is the number two U.S. metropolitan area by job growth, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the CBD grew RevPAR by 10% from 2016 to 2019. In total, we have invested $1.1 billion in early cycle acquisitions thus far in 2021 at a 13.8x EBITDA multiple. This compares favorably to the $3.5 billion of assets we disposed of at a blended 17x EBITDA multiple between 2018 and 2020. We continue to believe this is an opportune time to improve the quality of our portfolio by investing in markets with high expected growth. Our early cycle investments have historically provided years of elevated EBITDA growth, alongside periods of strong economic recovery. Moving on to operations. We are excited to announce that we have reopened the three remaining hotels that have previously suspended operations. The ibis Rio De Janeiro opened on May 10 and the Western River North opened on May 19. The Sheraton Boston reopened on August 1, well ahead of our expectations due to an increase in group business demand. With the exception of our newly acquired hotel in Houston, which we expect to open later this year, our portfolio is now fully open and ready to take advantage of the next lodging cycle. Looking at second quarter operations. The recovery momentum continue to play out driven once again by robust rates in our resort market, as leisure demand was stronger than anticipated after the spring holidays. Portfolio wide pro forma RevPAR sequentially improved each month and we ended the second quarter with RevPAR just shy of $100. June RevPAR came in at over $111 representing a 25% increase over March and preliminary July RevPAR is expected to be in the mid $130 range. Portfolio hotel level EBITDA has remained positive each month since March with 52 hotels delivering positive EBITDA in the second quarter, representing 56% of rooms an increase from 31 hotels, representing 31% of rooms achieved in the first quarter of 2021. We were particularly encouraged that June was the first month that our non-resort portfolio also realized positive hotel EBITDA, driven by our properties in San Diego, San Antonio and New Orleans. As markets have lifted restrictions, demand has also improved at our urban hotels. Transient room nights in New York, New Orleans, San Francisco and Chicago grew significantly from the first quarter to the second quarter with New York up over 200%. Importantly, both room nights and rates have increased steadily each month since March. Leisure market weekly occupancy ended at 62% the last week in June, a 3 percentage point increase over the end of the first quarter. Urban and downtown market weekly occupancy recovery continues to be promising finishing the quarter at 43%, up 15 percentage points from the beginning of the quarter with ADR up over 10% quarter-over-quarter. Turning to business mix. Pent-up leisure demand at our resorts has spilled over into the summer months and continues to lead the operational recovery. In the second quarter, both rates and revenue in all of our resorts not only exceeded our first quarter results, but also surpassed 2019 revenues. Resort revenue increased approximately $50 million over 2019 driven by 35,000 more room nights sold with a remarkable $95 increase in rates. This is particularly noteworthy as substantial room night increases have historical resulted in rate erosion. In the second quarter, 11 of our resorts had rates more than 25% above the second quarter of 2019.  Transitioning to group demand, our hotel sold nearly 344,000 group room nights in the second quarter, up 29% since first quarter. As a result, group revenue was up 39% over the first quarter, which includes an 8% rate improvement. Group demand in the second quarter was mostly concentrated in Sunbelt markets, although Boston and Denver were also contributors. We were encouraged to see meaningful month-over-month growth in both corporate and associations group business. Looking forward, we currently have 1.2 million group rooms booked in the second half of the year, which is up approximately 20% since our last earnings call. Of the roughly 200,000 net group room nights booked in the second quarter for the second half of 2021, we are encouraged over two-thirds of them were booked in Houston, Boston, New York and Denver. Net booking activity for 2022, also improved each month in the second quarter resulting in 213,000 room nights booked. Our managers remained focused on holding future group rates, plus ADR on the books is slightly higher than the same period in 2019. We now have 2.4 million definite group room nights on the books, which represents 50% of 2019 actual group room nights. For comparison in the second quarter of 2019, definite group room nights on the books for 2020 were 60% of 2019 actuals. Our group bookings for 2023 are echoing a very similar story, as of the second quarter, our net booking activity for 2023 totals 109,000 rooms, which sequentially increased each month in the quarter. In addition, our average rate on the books is slightly about levels for the same time in 2019.  Finishing with business transient, we remain encouraged by the sequential growth we are seeing in this segment. Special corporate rooms sold at the second quarter were up over 100% compared to the first quarter, driven by growth in Denver, Texas, California, New York and Atlanta. We are also seeing booking activity come back from traditional top accounts, which include a mix of financial, government and consulting companies. We continue to believe that business transient demand will evolve post Labor Day with school back in session and the return to office for many companies. We are pleased to have shown a monthly average growth rate of nearly 30% in business transient room nights and revenues since January of this year. As I wrap up my comments, I would like to reiterate the incremental EBITDA we expect to achieve, as we emerged from the pandemic into a new lodging cycle. Our acquisitions year-to-date provide us an estimated pro forma of 2019 hotel EBITDA base of $1.570 billion. While it makes sense to think of 2019 as the base year, the timing of a returned to 2019 levels of the hotel EBITDA remains highly uncertain, particularly, given the unprecedented pandemic driven nature of the downturn. The recovery may span several years and our portfolio is likely to continue to evolve over that time. In addition, we expect $145 million to $220 million of annual incremental EBITDA on a stabilized basis, over time coming from three strategic directives. First, redefining the operating model with our managers, which is expected to generate $100 million to $150 million, potential long-term expense savings based on 2019 revenue. We have taken initial steps towards 50% to 60% of these savings to date. Second, gaining an expected three to five points of weighted RevPAR index growth at the 16 Marriott transformational capital program hotels, as well as five other hotels where major renovations have recently been completed or are underway. As part of the Marriott program, during the second quarter, we completed The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island and we will complete the multi-year transformation of the New York Marriott Marquis in two weeks. We expect to complete approximately 85% of the Marriott transformational capital program by year end. The five other major renovations have expected completion dates through 2023. We expect these re-positionings to generate $21 million to $35 million of annual incremental EBITDA on a stabilized basis over time. And finally, we expect to generate $25 million to $35 million of annual incremental EBITDA on a stabilized basis from recently completed and ongoing ROI development projects with expected completion dates by the end of 2022. Renovation and development projects typically take two to three years to stabilize after completion. And as these projects are at different stages of the process, stabilization will occur over several years. During the quarter, we completed the development of a new waterpark at The Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort, Naples and additional villas at the Andaz Maui at Wailea Resort. The 19 two-bedroom luxury villas achieved occupancy of 73% in the first full month of operations at an average rate of $1,600. This compares favorably to our underwriting assumptions of mid 30% occupancy at an average rate of over $1,400 for the full year 2021. To conclude my remarks, we are very encouraged by the operational recovery we are seeing at our hotels and across the lodging industry as demand accelerates. While we continue to monitor the potential impacts of the Delta-variant, we remain optimistic and well-positioned to execute on our long-term goal of increasing the EBITDA growth profile and improving the quality of our portfolio. With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav. Sourav Ghosh Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I will go into detail on second quarter cash flow, operating expenses and our view on revenue and expense trends for the back half of 2020. During the second quarter, we generated positive cash flow from operations for the first time, since the onset of the pandemic. Starting with pro forma hotel EBITDA of $126 million and backing out $65 million. The majority of which is made up of interests and corporate overhead, we generated $61 million of cash during the quarter. If you take into account our ongoing capital expenditure program, which totaled $87 million for the second quarter and includes ROI projects, maintenance CapEx, and the Marriott transformational capital program. Our net cash outflow was only $26 million. In addition, we maintain a strong liquidity position with $1.3 billion of cash, including $139 million of FF&E reserve, after adjusting for our two hotel acquisitions in July. And we have no debt maturities until October 2023. Moving on to expenses, total operating costs in the second quarter rose by only 32% compared to the first quarter, despite a 54% increase in total revenue. Beginning in March, we proactively increased rates in our leisure markets, given a demand surge and benefited from outsized out of room spent. With that said the slow pace of hiring by our operators caused operating expenses to remain unsustainably low, which we did not expect to continue. Variable expenses were down 59% relative to a total revenue decline of 54% when compared to the second quarter of 2019, these figures had kept pace with each other through February, but since March revenues have come back faster than variable expenses, we expect that gap to narrow as we progress to 2021 and hiring increases to levels more in line with demand. Fixed expenses, including wages and benefits were 32% lower than the second quarter of 2019 and 18% higher than last quarter. Hotel operating costs such as contract services, maintenance and utility costs for the driver of this modest quarter-over-quarter increase. As some traditionally fixed expenses came back with increased business volumes. As it relates to above property shared service expenses, both Marriott and Hyatt continued to provide cost relief and flexibility for services. Areas of savings in the second quarter include above property, sales and marketing, revenue management and IT cost. As a reminder, we introduced the expense reduction ratio several quarters ago to measure the change in property level expenses against the change in total revenue over a comparable pro forma time period in 2019. During the second quarter, our expense reduction ratio came in at 0.84, which means that for every 10% decline in hotel revenue compared to pro forma second quarter 2019, there was an 8.4% reduction in expenses. For reference, in the second quarter of 2021, total operating expenses were down 46% versus 2019 on revenue down 54%. This is the second quarter in a row that our expense reduction ratio came in much higher than our anticipated range of 0.65 to $0.70. While this is positive for profitability, this level of expense reduction is not sustainable in the long run, and it reflects the hiring challenges our operators are facing in certain markets. Our ratio in the second quarter also reflects better than expected ADR as well as tied expense control by our operator. Had our rate been closer to our forecast and hiring ramp up as expected, we estimate that our second quarter expense reduction ratio would have been $0.72. As we think about the second half of 2021, we are anticipating an expense reduction ratio in the $0.75 to $0.80 range. This partly reflects a rate decline in the third quarter, driven by a shift in the mix of business as properties ramp up operations. In addition, expense levels are anticipated to be more normalized, as hiring continues to ramping up in the labor challenge market. Moving to our top line outlook, we are still unable to provide guidance at this time. That said, similar to the second quarter, we expect strong momentum in our top line growth trajectory in the second half of the year as business transient and group volumes increase. We continue to expect occupancy gains to drive RevPAR increases over the second half of the year. As a reminder, we expect that rate will decline in the third quarter before taking back up in the fourth quarter as the extended peak season, we have benefited from in our high rated leisure market shifts towards lower rated market. We are still expecting steady increases in business transient and group demand with more pronounced increases beginning after Labor Day in conjunction with the return to office for many companies. We expect this to primarily benefit corporate and association group business. Based on a global business travel association survey in July, 63% of companies plan to resume domestic business travel in the next one to three month, which is up 35 points from the March survey. We continue to expect leisure travel to drive total RevPAR at our properties, particularly as key demand drivers return to normal operations in urban markets. Finally, during the quarter, we opportunistically issued 7.8 million shares of common stock through our at the market program at approximately $18 per share resulting in total net proceeds of $138 million. We have $460 million of remaining issuance capacity under our ATM program, but we want to emphasize that our $1.3 billion cash balance is sizable and the trajectory of cash from operations is expected to continue to increase. With that, in mind, we will continue to be opportunistic with respect to our future issuances. To conclude, we are very pleased with the progression of the lodging recovery and the milestones that we have achieved over the past few quarters. We continue to see increasing demand across all parts of our business at a faster pace than we expected. And we remain optimistic that this lodging recovery will continue to gain momentum through the course of 2021. Given our strong balance sheet, we remain very well positioned to execute on our goal of increasing the EBITDA growth profile and improving the quality of our portfolio, particularly given the strong recovery that is underway. We continue to make significant progress on redefining the operating model with our managers, increasing market share at renovated assets and strategically allocating capital. With that, we will be happy to take any questions. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question. Question-and-Answer Session Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is now live. Q - Smedes Rose I think I guess my one question would just be, could you talk a little bit more about the decision to issue shares on your ATM relative, I think to your own guidance around net asset value and what looks like to be fairly strong of a strong liquidity position already going into this? A - Jim Risoleo Sure, Smedes. Happy to do that. We always are looking at opportunistic ways to raise capital to deploy capital into areas that are going to enhance the EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio going forward. As we think about valuation and NAV, which we don't talk about, we've never published it and we won't talk it today. Our NAV changes at a point in time. It moves based on facts and circumstances and conditions, and we're in a very volatile environment. We thought it was an opportune time to raise some cash, not a lot, given the acquisition pipeline that's out there. We were looking at Bakers Cay at the time and some other deals at the time. And so we just felt it was prudent to raise some equity around those acquisitions. And Sourav made it clear, it wasn't a lot of money. And we do have ample liquidity on the balance sheet today. And we'll see where, where the future takes us. Operator Thank you. Next question today is coming from Neil Malkin from Capital One Securities. Your line is now live. Q - Neil Malkin Thank you. Good morning guys. My question is about acquisitions kind of what you were talking about a second ago. Can you just talk about what the pipeline looks like in terms of  are you underwriting more deals than you were 30, 60 days ago? Do you have a specific focus of assets you prefer in the current environment and just kind of give us a sense for what your capacity is right now under the waivers? I know it changes given your cash flow position. So if you just talk about that'd be great. A - Jim Risoleo Sure, Neil. I will tell you, is a really very much a variable pipeline today. Deals come into the pipeline. We evaluate them and make a decision whether or not to pursue something. And it's hard to say really where we were 30, 60 days ago today going forward it can change in a matter of a day. As we think about the types of acquisitions that we're interested in the  I think if you look at what we've acquired to date in 2021, $1.1 billion through assets, where it would really fall into the opportunistic category. As we talked about in February on the call with an objective of moving beyond the typical markets that we were prepared to invest in we were really casting a wider net and a wider net allowed us to do two really great opportunistic distress deals one being the Hyatt Regency in Austin that we bought roughly a 25% discount to pre-pandemic use. And then the Hotel Alessandra, which was just recently close on at a 30% discount to through development costs. The hotel was just completed construction and opened the 2017. So of course, we will continue to look for more opportunities along those lines. I think that one of the big stories of the pandemic that has played out is that there hasn't been as much distress out there as everyone thought there was going to be. As you know, there were a lot of funds raised to go buy distressed hospitality assets, and there just hasn't been that much trading in the distress market. The other piece of it is, we'll continue to look at resorts, complex assets that we feel we can add a lot of value to that. I mean, if you look at the past performance of some of the properties that we have purchased, like the 1 Hotel South Beach performance of that assets been off the charts. From a supply perspective, resorts and big box hotels have a lower supply growth of any asset class in hospitality. So we'll continue to look at those fields as well. Lastly, I haven't seen it yet, but I expect that we may be seeing assets come to market in some of the urban markets as things continue to open up. And they  when we get back to a sense of more visibility with respect to underwriting, I think you'll see some of those assets trade and by no means are we writing off the major urban markets. So I would tell you that generally we don't have a red line through any market today. And the domestic United States that is, I mean, we're not interested in going offshore at this point in time. And it's a wide swap. We still continue to believe that, we are at the beginning of a lodging cycle. We feel that we're at the beginning of the economic cycle. We have some bumps in the road here. Today in particular with some of the earnings reports that were out there at the hiring report, the jobs report that was published this morning. But we feel we have a good run ahead of us. So we're interested in deploying capital smartly and accretively to benefit our shareholders. Operator Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bill Crow from Raymond James. Your line is now live. Q - Bill Crow Good morning. Jim, if there's tremendous bid for assets out there, and the pricing that we've seen on a per key basis has been off the charts. Is this just a good time for host to sit back and read, evaluate its portfolio and the breadth of quality up and down the portfolio? And I'm just curious about any current or proposed plans to sell maybe a large number of assets in order to narrow that quality focus? A - Jim Risoleo Bill, the old saying goes, if you can't buy it's time to sell, right. And we've been fortunate that we've been able to deploy $1.1 billion through roughly the first half of this year concurrently with that we are thinking about disposing of assets that maybe don't fit for long-term profile of our portfolio. Not that there's anything wrong with these assets, but there are certain hotels that that are a host fit going forward. So of course, we'll test the market. It would be follow up, if we didn't and we're going to do the prudent thing and we will see if there is a bit out there that we feel make sense for us. We would take the capital that we raised from asset dispositions and redeploy that either into our existing portfolios, through additional ROI projects or additional acquisitions that more fit our long-term growth profile and enhance the overall EBITDA growth profile of the portfolio. Operator The next question is coming from Anthony Powell from Barclays. Your line is now live. Q - Anthony Powell Hi, good morning. Just a question on the second half, you guys seem pretty confident that you're going to see, business transient group come back and though there isn't a worry in the market that say July, maybe kind of a peak RevPAR for the year, given a lot of leisure travel holiday, 4th of July, and that you could see some bumps in the road and October, November with Delta-variants or whatnot? Just maybe go into why you're confident that you can  that you could see continue to get sequential RevPAR increases through the rest of the year, given all the uncertainty. A - Jim Risoleo Yes. Let me  I'll start on this Anthony and Ill let Sourav jumping as well. On the group side let me talk about group, and Sourav can talk about [Audio Dip] we got a lot of feedback there. Okay. I'll talk about group  what we said on the call today is that we picked up 200,000 definite group room nights for the second half of the year in the second quarter. That's a 20% pop over where we were when we spoke with you after the first quarter earnings release. So we now have 1.2 million group room nights on the books for the second quarter, which is greater than 50% of where we were in 2019. So we continue to be encouraged because of the fact that it's a sequential increase in group room night bookings, over two-thirds of the group room nights that were booked in the second quarter, where split out among several markets. So there wasn't any one more to concentration just to give you a little color. Houston we picked up 53,000 room nights, Boston 23,000, Phoenix 19,000, New York and Denver also had pickups in the quarter. So that gave us a lot of encouragement that the groups definitely want to get back out and they want to meet there is no question about it. Convention centers are reopening in our key markets. And I think the trend on group is very healthy. Sourav? I will Sourav chat a little bit about what we're seeing on the business transient front, because that's another segment that obviously, this is played out exactly as we all thought it would when we entered the pandemic, leisure first, robust leisure travel, robust leisure demand, followed by BTMA group. So we can talk a little bit about BT as well. A - Sourav Ghosh Sure. Anthony, on the BT front, I mean, Jim has mentioned in his prepared remarks, so how we've seen sequential improvement since the beginning of this year, every single month. And that's actually through the third week of July, it's effectively a 30% increase in BT room nights every month. So when you look at Q2 versus Q1 was effectively over 100% increase in BT, and what's actually encouraging on the BT that's on the total portfolio. A one-third of that increase is being driven by urban markets. So when we see sort of our Q2 numbers. So I'll put some numbers around this, our total portfolio, we're at about 150,000 room nights. And off that, 43,000 room nights is from our urban hotels. As we think about how we progress to from Q3 to Q4 second half of the year obviously, it's still lower than 2019 levels, but we would expect by the time we get to the fourth quarter to get to about 50% to 55% of BT levels relative to 2019, when I think BT, this is a specifically special corporate just to clarify. But to the point on rate, I do want to say that we have  as we did say earlier, that we would see sequential decline in rate, even though you would see sequential improvement in RevPAR, and that holds true. I mean, you saw that happen. In the second quarter, we were down quarter-over-quarter in rates. We would expect that to continue into Q3 and then Q4, we would expect that rate to be more similar to Q2 based on the information we have available today. So while we will see RevPAR improvement sequentially, we will see a rate decline  we expect the rate decline in the third quarter.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chris Darling from Green Street. Your line is now live.
Chris Darling: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Piggyback  piggybacking off Bills earlier question, is it safe to say that the international portfolio doesnt fit the longer-term strategy of the company? And if so, could you maybe discuss the level of investor appetite there might be for those hotels?
Jim Risoleo: Chris, if you look at the international exposure, I dont have the exact EBITDA percentage contribution coming out of Brazil in 2018. I dont know, Sourav or anyone else other team can dig that up. We have three hotels in Brazil, the biggest one being the JW Marriott in Rio and Copacabana beach, and then two small core properties, which would consider international assets. Those are the only two international assets we have. The other two are based in Canada. One is a Marriott in Calgary and the other is the Marriott in Toronto at Eaton Centre. So I dont paint one all those assets with one brush. I think at some point in time, we will sell the assets in Brazil. Brazil has faced a lot of challenges today, but if you look at it in the context of EBITDA contribution and investment relative to the Host enterprise value, its really quite frankly, diminimous.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Ari Klein from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Ari Klein: Thank you. Just following up on the business trend in question. As far that recovery is concerned, youre obviously seeing momentum. But how dependent is that recovery on a business travel on the return to office? Well obviously see some companies push out a little bit. Can they be independent of one another? And has your thinking changed in any way just that pace of recovery in September, October?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, absolutely. I think they certainly can be independent of one another. And frankly, were seeing that right now where a lot of the offices they havent opened yet, but the folks are actually traveling on business already, whether its BT or attending conferences. So were certainly seeing that. We are no exception at Host as well. Our offices are opening post Labor Day officially, but we have all been already on the road and going out to conferences. And thats true of a lot of the financial services companies out there. So I do think there are sort of, not tied to each other and then certainly, we expect that BT momentum to continue. The other thing Ill point out is a lot of companies out on  a lot of this large accounts, they dont need the high level approval anymore from their department head or their CEO in some to travel that has been lifted. So travel has become much easier for a lot of these are the top accounts and we are certainly seeing that in the numbers as well. And a lot of these have not actually opened up their offices.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Rich Hightower from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Rich Hightower: Good morning, guys. Thanks for that question. Weve covered a lot of ground already, but I want to circle back to the ATM issuance question and the question around NAV. And Im not obviously looking for Hosts estimate of its NAV, but more of a question on methodology and how you think about cost of equity in an environment where stock prices are volatile, EBITDA and NOI are obviously not anywhere near back to a stabilized level. So how should we think about it? I mean, is it a function of Street NAVs? Is it a function of a longer-term IRR analysis internally? Is it a private market assessment of what every asset in the portfolio would trade for? How do we think about methodology given the moving parts right now?
Sourav Ghosh: Well look at multiple metrics, frankly, when we are looking at NAV, its not just isolated, whether its the cap end model or an ILR, its multiple metrics. And as you can appreciate right now, Jim pointed out, when youre in a volatile environment frankly, its really a day-to-day exercise depending on what we think the forecast looks like not only for the balance of the year, but really from a long-term perspective. We always try to take a long-term view to see what makes the most sense to determine what our cost of equity would be. But especially in a volatile environment, its very difficult to pinpoint any of the  at any given point in time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
David Katz: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to the labor issue, which I know you commented a little bit. And make sure that what Im hearing is, the notion that labor does become increasingly expensive and it is the strategy to match wrapping up labor with demand or is there some mechanisms for trying to mitigate some of the higher costs that I think have been kind of broadly discussed and recognized. What are the strategies around that?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. The issue around labor is really  it really varies market by market. We have seen the greatest level of staffing challenges in the markets were demand quickly returned such as South Florida, Atlanta, Texas and Phoenix. And we are in constant dialogue with our operators on the hiring process, and they are really keen on dedicating the resources that are necessary to ramp up hiring. Were seeing a slight increase in applicant flow over the last four weeks or so, four or five weeks. And we pinpoint that to, we believe that that is due to the fact that the supplemental unemployment benefits are have run out or well be running out and about 25 states. And come September 6 as the supplemental unemployment benefit expires across the nation. So hourly labor is tougher to find in the Sunbelt, but the management labor is the challenge in the more Northern markets right now. So as we think about it, were not really overly concerned about wage inflation. Sourav can share some numbers on where we are with respect to the $15 wage across our portfolio. This is something weve looked at. This is something we think about. And as you can see from what weve been able to accomplish to date, we have a keen focus on expense control and cost control. So Ill turn it over to Sourav to talk a little bit about the wage scale in our hotels.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. For our entire portfolio, as it stands right now over 80% of our portfolio is paying its hourly employees $15 or greater. And I would say its about with less than 9% of our portfolio thats paying $14 or less, so very small portion of our portfolio is actually below $14.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is now live.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I know youve talked a bit already about how you think about asset values, but just kind of circling back to that kind of $2 billion budget for acquisitions, youve done some capital market activity to negotiate that. And you are, I guess, $1.1 billion into that. Do you anticipate needing to make changes or do some other capital markets activity to be able to go above that $2 billion? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. I think there are a couple pieces to your question, Robin. Number one is, we have the ability under our existing credit waiver agreement to acquire $2 billion of assets subject to our maintaining $600 million of liquidity in the company. Thats point number one. The second piece of it is that we do have some flexibility on asset sales to take that capital and redeploy it into other acquisitions going forward. I think Sourav can correct me here because its been a while since we talked about the waiver. But if its like kind exchanges, we have a lot of flexibility to do that going forward. And then we have another bucket that just allows us to recycle capital. So we have a lot of flexibility under the existing credit waiver agreement to continue to acquire assets. And if we saw ourselves in a position where there were really truly attractive acquisition opportunities out there, and we needed to get more flexibility, given our longstanding relationship with our bank group, we would have no problem with going back and having a chat with them and getting an amendment to the existing waiver thats in place today.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Michael Bellisario from Baird. Your line is now live.
Michael Bellisario: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. This is kind of a follow-up on that last question for Sourav. Maybe kind of along those same lines, whats your latest thought on opting out of the covenant relief period early, and then maybe when you think you might be in compliance with your bond covenant, so that you would be able to take on incremental debt at some point?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. I mean, if you recall, we were first expecting that we wouldnt breakeven until the second half of this year. Weve obviously broken even much earlier than that. So the expectation assuming the trajectory of the recovery remains same and we see that the positive trends that we have seen thus far for the first half of the year, we will certainly be able to get out of the waiver soon or rather than later. Thats only the expectation. Obviously, were not providing guidance, theres still uncertainty, but if the trajectory goes away, we should be able to get out of it sooner.
Operator: Thank you. Weve reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the floor back over to Jim for any further closing comments.
Jim Risoleo: Id like to thank everyone for joining us on our call today. We always appreciate opportunity to discuss our quarterly results with you. I look forward to seeing everybody at that NAREIT in November. And as we get back on the road, I look forward to getting some non-deal road shows on the books, in-person meetings, as the economy and the lodging industry continues to open up. So enjoy the rest of the summer, be well and stay healthy. And thank you for your continued support.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Tejal Engman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tejal Engman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws.  As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre, cash burn and hotel-level results.  You can find this information, together with the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterday's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com.  Participating in today's call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Risoleo: Thank you, Tejal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Since our earnings call in February, we have made excellent progress on operations and investments and achieve key milestones that we believe will accelerate our EBITDA recovery.  To begin with, we significantly outperformed expectations for the first quarter, which recorded a GAAP net loss but delivered positive adjusted EBITDAre and hotel-level profitability for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. We grew first quarter total pro forma revenues by 50% sequentially.  While holding hotel level operating expense growth to only 15% quarter-over-quarter as our operators successfully leveraged the existing resources to meet a stronger-than-expected demand surge in March.  As a result, we delivered $21 million of positive hotel EBITDA for the quarter, a significant improvement from the negative $62 million recorded in the fourth quarter on a pro forma basis. In addition, we acquired the Hyatt Regency Austin, The Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort and nearly 300 acres of irreplaceable land adjacent to our Hyatt Regency in Maui, strategically investing approximately $800 million of capital at prices that are meaningfully below 2019 levels. Following these transactions, we have a substantial $1.5 billion of total available liquidity, including $131 million of FF&E reserves.  Operations continued to improve, with April RevPAR expected to exceed March as the vaccine driven margin recovery gains momentum. Finally, in addition to executing substantial strategic investments, we continue to focus on redefining our hotel operating model and positioning our renovated properties to gain market share, key long-term strategic objectives that we believe will position us to achieve best-in-class EBITDA growth through the lodging cycle.  Beginning with our latest acquisition, the iconic in irreplaceable Four Seasons Resort, Orlando and Walt Disney World Resort. We completed this off-market acquisition on April 30 for approximately $610 million, $40 million less than the price quoted by real estate alert.  The 444 room resort is located on 289 acres within Disney World, which is one of the world's most visited destination resorts. For context, the Magic Kingdom at Disney World alone attracted nearly 21 million visitors in 2019 according to AECOM and Themed Entertainment Association data.  The draw of this 1 theme park at Disney World is on par with the approximately 23 million visitors that Boston attracted in 2019 and close to the 24.2 million visitors Miami drew that year.  The Four Seasons Resort Orlando is the only fee simple luxury resort within Disney world that's not owned by Disney. It provides complementary transport to Disney World's theme parks and is the only AAA 5 diamond rated hotel in Central Florida.  Newly developed in 2014 and this iconic resort is a market leader with a 2019 RevPAR index of over 215. It is now hosts highest ranked property based on its 2019 RevPAR of $561 and total RevPAR of $923. Moreover, it ranks fifth highest in our portfolio based on its 2019 EBITDA per key of $81,500.  As with all our strategic objectives, our capital allocation decisions are designed to grow our long-term EBITDA, and we expect this acquisition to elevate the EBITDA growth profile of the existing portfolio. The Four Seasons Resort Orlando achieved 90% EBITDA growth from 2016 to 2019. The hotel was profitable in March and the first quarter, and we expect it to be profitable this year, with the latest property forecast indicating that the resort is likely to outperform our underwriting expectations for 2021.  In general, the resort is well positioned to benefit from a surge in travel and leisure demand as the pandemic subsides and the 18-month celebration of Disney World's 50th anniversary begins in October. We believe these demand catalysts will help the Four Seasons Resort Orlando, surpassed its 2019 EBITDA performance sooner than the rest of our portfolio.  Shifting to the Hyatt Regency Austin, we opportunistically acquired this 448 room Sunbelt Market hotel on March 15 for $161 million. Acquired off-market at a 10% cap rate and an 8.8x multiple on 2019 EBITDA, the Hyatt Regency Austin's purchase price represents a 20% to 25% discount to estimated pre-COVID pricing and a 40% discount to replacement cost. The hotel was profitable in the first quarter of 2021 and is expected to outperform our underwriting expectations into the second quarter.  Longer term, we expect the Hyatt Regency Austin to exceed its 2019 EBITDA on a stabilized basis. With profitability to be enhanced by complexion synergies, incremental expense reductions, productivity improvements and ROI investment opportunities.  Turning to our strategic acquisition of nearly 300 acres of land adjacent to the Hyatt Regency Maui. We acquired the Royal Canapoly and Canapoly Kai Golf Courses for $28 million or approximately $95,000 an acre, which represented a discount to pre-COVID values.  We are evaluating numerous long-term value-enhancing opportunities for this land, which also provides the near-term potential to generate synergies with the Hyatt Regency Maui.  To conclude on acquisitions, we have successfully invested $800 million in the first 4 months of 2021 and at meaningful discounts to 2019 pricing levels. This is despite a highly competitive investments landscape with an abundance of capital seeking hotel deals.  Our success is a testament to the depth of our industry relationships and the strength of our reputation, which is based on decades of best-in-class execution.  We believe this is an opportune time to strategically grow our portfolio's exposure to markets with high expected growth into superior quality hotels. These early cycle investments have historically provided years of elevated EBITDA growth when time with a period of strong economic recovery.  Turning to operations. Business volumes grew in each month of the first quarter with March achieving a RevPAR of $84.10, which was 115% higher than our December RevPAR of $39. Moreover, we outperformed the industry's luxury and upper upscale hotel RevPAR performance in our markets by over 2 points in March.  Our leisure markets, such as Miami, Phoenix and Hawaii, as well as some urban markets, including Washington D.C., Northern Virginia, Atlanta and Philadelphia, outperformed the industry over the first quarter. Our hotel EBITDA turned positive in March. Allowing us to achieve $21 million of positive pro forma hotel EBITDA for the first quarter.  First quarter revenues were primarily driven by strong leisure demand for our resorts and hotels in the Sunbelt markets and Hawaii as well as by special group business at several of our urban hotels.  As vaccine deployment accelerated through the first quarter, occupancy in our Sunbelt markets and Hawaii rose from an average of 20% in the first week of January, to 57.4% in the last week of March. Compared to 2019, rate declines improved from negative 12.4% for the month of January, a negative 6.5% for March on a portfolio-wide basis. Strong leisure demand over spring break resulted in the portfolio achieving a 12.2% increase in transient rate over spring break 2019. 8 resorts located in Miami, the Florida Gulf Coast, Jacksonville, Phoenix and Maui, delivered almost 24% ADR growth over 2019 for the first quarter, with average occupancies of approximately 50%.  Overall, our luxury hotels have increased their RevPAR index by 23.1% over 2019, with the increase in market share driven by occupancy gains. The 1 hotel South Beach and the Ritz-Carlton Naples were notable outperformers in the quarter, with occupancies ranging between 60% and 70% and transient ADR above $1,000.  As mentioned last quarter, our hotels in Washington D.C. benefited from government agency group demand around inauguration, making D.C. one of our highest-performing markets based on sequential RevPAR growth, other urban hotels also benefited from special group business, which included film production crews and sports groups, that collectively drove urban weekday occupancy 8.5 percentage points higher quarter-over-quarter.  In addition, an uptick in leisure transient, business transient and contract demand, supported sequential RevPAR growth in multiple urban markets, including Chicago, Seattle, New York, Boston and Philadelphia. In terms of business mix, leisure drove 90% of our first quarter transient room nights.  Our operators drove most of our leisure business through direct bookings with loyalty redemptions increasing 33% sequentially driven by our resort portfolio. The much talked about pent-up leisure demand is evidenced in current holiday travel trends, which reflect lengthening booking windows and progressively higher levels of demand.  For instance, at our Marriott managed leisure market hotels, occupancy on the books improved by 8 percentage points, 9 weeks out from Memorial Day, compared to where those hotels were 9 weeks out from President's Day.  Similarly, holiday travel trends for July 4 weekend are expected to progressively strengthen relative to Memorial Day. After which many of our hotels are likely to revert to pre pandemic cancellation policies for leisure bookings.  We expect some of our Sunbelt markets, particularly in Florida and Phoenix, to hold occupancy while rates weaken over the summer. In Hawaii, our Maui resorts are demonstrating continued strength, with occupancy on the books ranging from the mid-80s to the low 90s for June and low to high 70s for July. Remarkably, June ADRs on the books in Maui are nearly 28% higher compared to June 2019, while July ADRs are approximately 50% higher than July 2019.  Moreover, we have now completed the development of 19 new luxury 2-bedroom villas at the Andaz Maui. The villas already have 45% occupancy on the books at an ADR of $1,700 for the remainder of the year, and bookings continue to grow.  Moving on to group. We achieved 264,000 group room nights in the first quarter, with 1 highlight being a corporate group of over 4,500 room nights at the Orlando World Center Marriott. The lead for this group came from last October's Connect 2020 conference held at that hotel, which demonstrated how a group event of over 1,000 in person attendees could be held safely.  We currently have 1.5 million definite room nights on the books for full year 2021, with approximately 1 million of those in the second half of the year. Cancellations remain above 2019 trends, but continue to decline week over week.  Encouragingly, our Marriott managed properties booked a total of approximately 144,000 new rooms across the second, third and fourth quarters of 2021, with strong lead conversion rates compared to 2019.  Group room nights currently on the books represent approximately 11% of total available rooms in the third quarter and 13% in the fourth quarter. Booking momentum was strong in the first quarter with nearly 165,000 and 154,000 new group room nights booked for 2022 and 2023, respectively. Importantly, our operators have continued to hold future group rates. Compared to 2019, ADR for definite rooms on the books is flat in 2022 and 1.5% higher in 2023.  Turning to business transient. Demand continues to make steady progress, and first quarter bookings were 21% higher than the fourth quarter of 2020, driven by a steady month-over-month progression.  Our hotels in San Francisco, San Jose accounted for approximately 30% of the sequential increase in room nights, while ADR rose 17% or $26 over last quarter due to increases from high-rated markets such as Miami, or the Gulf Coast and Phoenix. Most of the special corporate business in the quarter was driven by consulting, project business and government accounts.  To conclude on operations, there were 76 hotels opened for the first quarter. We reopened Hyatt Regency Capital Hill on May 1 and expect to reopen the Westin Chicago River North and the ibis Rio De Janeiro later this month. By the end of May, we expect only the Sheraton Boston to remain under suspended operations.  Reflecting on the last 12 months, which have been the most difficult in host history, I am proud of all that we have accomplished and excited by the clarity of our mission, which is to position the company to deliver best-in-class EBITDA growth through the new lodging cycle. To achieve that goal, our 3 strategic objectives remain.  To redefine our operating model with our managers to position our renovated hotels to gain market share and to allocate our capital strategically through acquisitions as well as through development projects. We have quantified the potential returns expected from these investments in the past. And I am going to put all the numbers together for you now.  From redefining our operating model with our managers, we expect to generate $100 million to $150 million of potential long-term cost savings based on 2019 revenues. From our goal of gaining 3 to 5 points of weighted index growth as the 16 Marriott transformational capital program hotels as well as 5 other hotels where major renovations have been recently completed or are underway. We expect to generate $21 million to $35 million of incremental EBITDA over time on a stabilized annual basis. And finally, from recently completed and ongoing ROI development projects, we expect to generate $25 million to $35 million of incremental EBITDA on a stabilized annual basis.  It typically takes renovation and development projects 2 to 3 years to stabilize. As these projects are at different stages of renovation and development, stabilization will occur over several years.  As a reminder, our recently completed and ongoing development projects include: the ground-up development of the 165 key AC hotel Scottsdale North, 19 new luxury villas at the Andaz Maui, repositioning and expanding the Ritz-Carlton Naples and 60,000 square feet of additional meeting space as well as in Aquatics Park at the Orlando World Center Marriott, our acquisitions of the Four Seasons Resort Orlando and the Hyatt Regency Austin provide us a pro forma 2019 hotel EBITDA base of $1.547 billion.  While it makes sense to think of 2019 as the base year, the timing of a return to 2019 levels of hotel EBITDA remains highly uncertain, particularly given the unprecedented pandemic driven nature of the downturn. The recovery is may span several years, and our portfolio is likely to continue to evolve over that time.  However, our goal is for the initiatives and projects underlying our strategic objectives to add a potential $145 million to $220 million of incremental EBITDA over time on a stabilized basis.  With the lodging industry's supply-demand fundamentals continuing to improve, we remain focused on long-term growth and on building a business that is stronger than it was in 2019. We are pleased with our execution to date and feel optimistic about our future as the pandemic receipts and travel continues to rebound.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, I'll provide more color on how we achieved breakeven in the first quarter and how we expect the revenue expense trends to evolve through the course of the year. We achieved positive hotel EBITDA and positive adjusted EBITDAre for the quarter due to 3 main drivers: a stronger-than-expected increase in demand throughout the quarter, particularly in March, our manager's ability to sequentially increase average room rates by 18% and continued expense control at the property level. As Jim covered the first 2 drivers in his remarks, I will focus on the third.  First quarter hotel level operating costs rose by only 15% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020, despite an approximately 50% increase in total revenues over the same period. As demand suddenly surged in March, our operators didn't have the time to adjust staffing and other controllable costs from contingency levels implemented since the onset of the pandemic.  As a result, March variable expenses declined by 70% on total revenue declines of only 62% compared to March 2019. Most of the resulting savings were due to cross utilizing hotel employees across various job functions.  For the first quarter, variable expenses declined by 74% on total revenue declines of 70% compared to the first quarter of 2019. In future quarters, we expect staffing and other controllable costs to adjust to more normalized levels as demand continues to grow.  Fixed expenses were 41% lower than the first quarter of 2019. This is a remarkable achievement considering that nearly 20% of the remaining fixed costs are below GOP and consists mainly of expenses such as property taxes and insurance, which don't change with business volumes.  As part of our goal to redefine the operating model, both Hyatt and Marriott have restructured a number of above property shared service and allocated costs, which were historically completely fixed.  Additionally, we have worked with the brands to achieve greater flexibility to opt-in to shared services on an as-needed basis, further reducing our fixed costs. Last quarter, we introduced the expense reduction ratio to measure the change in property level expenses against the change in total revenue over a comparable pro forma time period in 2019.  The expense reduction ratio in the second through fourth quarters of 2020 was fairly stable at 0.8. That is, for every 10% decline in hotel revenue, hotel expenses declined 8%. In the first quarter, our expense reduction ratio came in at 0.84, much higher than the 0.65 to 0.7 that we expected on our last call for full year 2021. And the highest achieved at any point during the recovery.  The outsized expense reduction ratio, combined with ADR being down only 9% to the first quarter of 2019, enabled our portfolio to achieve positive hotel level EBITDA at 26.6% occupancy, much better than our previously estimated breakeven range of 35% to 45% with ADRs down 15% to 30% compared to 2019.  Positive hotel EBITDA for the quarter resulted in positive adjusted EBITDAre for the quarter for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. 30 hotels representing 30% of total rooms within our portfolio, achieved breakeven or positive hotel EBITDA for the full first quarter. 38 hotels representing 42% of rooms, achieved positive hotel EBITDA in March. March saw additional hotels achieved positive EBITDA in Atlanta, our Texas markets San Diego and L.A. as well as Philadelphia and Hawaii.  In fact, all 4 of our Hawaii hotels achieved breakeven of positive hotel EBITDA in March. As I just mentioned in the first quarter, revenue came back quicker than expenses, which did grow commensurately, particularly in March. Going forward, our operators are expected to increase staffing and controllable spending more in line with higher levels of demand.  In addition, other departmental and support expenses, such as sales and marketing as well as maintenance and other support costs will lead to ramp up relative to the first quarter, while remaining well below 2019 levels. Therefore, on a full year basis, we continue to expect the expense reduction ratio to be closer to 0.7.  Shifting to our top line outlook. While we are not providing guidance at this time, I would like to share how we are thinking about our top line trajectory for the rest of the year. We expect RevPAR to continue increasing sequentially throughout the year, but we expect growth to be driven by occupancy in the second and third quarters.  We think rates could sequentially decline as we move out of peak season in some of our higher-rated leisure markets. Seasonality in tandem with a normal demand shift toward lower-rated markets could also lead to lower rates in the second and third quarters as we have seen historically. Additionally, rates could come under pressure as suspended hotels reopen in urban markets.  Moving to business mix. We think business transient will continue to make slow and steady progress during the year. With the anticipated return to office late in the third quarter, driving a ramp-up in business transient demand after Labor Day.  While we have benefited from nontraditional group demand during the pandemic, we expect traditional groups, corporate and associations to begin ramping up meaningfully in the fourth quarter following the expected return to office after Labor Day.  Finally, we believe leisure will continue driving total RevPAR at our properties particularly through the summer. We expect our urban hotels to increasingly benefit from leisure demand growth as restrictions in those markets continue to lift and key demand drivers we open.  As it relates to cash burn for the quarter, our cash burn, excluding capital expenditures, which deducts corporate level expenses and interest payments decreased to $45 million or $138 million, including CapEx. These amounts are down meaningfully from the fourth quarter of 2020, driven by the strong first quarter operating performance. We maintained a strong liquidity position with $1.5 billion of cash, including $131 million of FF&E reserves after adjusting for the Four Seasons Disney Acquisition announced today. And we have no debt maturities until 2023.  There is 1 accounting item I would like to bring to your attention. Neither we nor our operators expect any furlough accruals, employee retention credits or timing adjustments for these items moving forward as COBRA benefits provided in accordance with the American Rescue plan from April 1st to September 30, of 3 to the furlough associates of our operators and are fully reimbursable for our operators via a credit against their quarterly payroll tax liability.  Therefore, there is ultimately no cost to the company for providing COBRA benefits and it will not have any P&L impact through the third quarter of this year.  To conclude, we are very encouraged by the momentum of the lodging recovery, which has driven better-than-expected sequential revenue growth and resulted in positive first quarter hotel EBITDA and adjusted EBITDAre. We are seeing increased demand across all parts of our business, alongside strong rate integrity. We view an expected increase in expenses favorably, too, as that indicates business volumes are ramping back up to normal levels. Combining that with a strong balance sheet and a focus on our 3 strategic objectives: redefining the operating model, gaining market share at our renovated hotels and strategically allocating capital.  We believe we are well positioned to deliver best-in-class EBITDA growth that we expect will continue to be further augmented by external growth opportunities throughout this lodging cycle.  And with that, we will be happy to take any questions. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Bill Crow of Raymond James.
William Crow: Jim, I hesitate to congratulate anybody given the state of the industry, but congratulations. It was much better-than-expected quarter. I wanted to ask you a question about acquisitions. It just -- it feels like 3 months ago, 4 months ago, the bid-ask spread on deals was fairly significant, and there wasn't a lot of movement.  And it seems like that bid-ask spread has narrowed dramatically. And it's not the seller that's moving down. Is that the right way to think about what's going on with the transaction market? Is it -- the buyers have gotten much more aggressive, maybe much more confident in the outlook?
James Risoleo: Yes, Bill, well, thank you for the congratulations. Even though we have a ways to go to get back to 2019 levels of RevPAR and EBITDA and exceed those levels. We really like the trajectory that we're on at this point in time. So I will take the congratulations in a tough environment.  With respect to acquisitions, I think we all agreed that, let's call it a year ago, we believe that there was going to be a lot of distress in the marketplace. And I would point to our Hyatt Regency Austin acquisition as an asset that was under distress.  The ownership, the borrower in that deal was staring down a UCC foreclosure action that was going to occur at the beginning of April, as you know, we bought the hotel in mid-March or thereabouts. And saved that borrower and paid off all of the debt associated with the hotel and acquired a really good asset at a significant discount to pre-COVID evaluations.  I think that a couple of things are happening now. There is a lot of equity in the marketplace, chasing deals. Good deals are going to price at close to where they would have priced in 2019. There's no question about it. Solid resorts like the Four Seasons Disney, which are truly iconic and irreplaceable assets. Are going to be fully fairly priced.  I am not seeing generally a lot of distress in the marketplace today, particularly for the better quality assets. And we are not really seeing a lot of distress across the system right now. So I do think that there is a lot of capital out there.  I think as you compete more in auction processes, pricing is going to going to be aggressive. However, we're coming out of the worst downturn that we've ever experienced in the lodging industry and the pandemic induced recession in the United States as well, we're turning the corner, and we are firm believers that for the right assets at this stage of the cycle, it's the time to acquire. It's a time to continue to shape the quality of the portfolio that we have.  We were fortunate that coming into 2020 on a number of different metrics, the company had never been in better shape. We talk a lot about the balance sheet and the firepower that, that's given us to deploy $800 million of capital today.  What we don't talk about a lot, but I think it's really important that investors understand it is our RevPAR metrics as of January 1, 2020, and our EBITDA per key performance as well as the fact that over the last several years, over the last 5 years, we have consistently tightened up margins year-over-year.  We had margin improvement going forward. So we are just delighted with where we are. And we hope that we're going to have the opportunity to acquire additional assets early in this cycle so that we can ride the economic wave.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: A question on a similar; topic, which is just looking at how asset values have been, as you said, a lot of capital out there. Does that change your expectation about whether you would use? I think you said you have $1.5 billion still remaining for acquisitions, whether you would actually be able to use that budget here in the next 12 months? And then just a little sort of side question. I'm curious with the Four Seasons Orlando, you talked about a lot of the acreage there. Is there opportunity to add anything there given it's special location, kind of the only thing not Disney owned, where you can kind of monetize that acreage? Or are there limits on what else you might be able to add to that acreage?
James Risoleo: Sure, Robin. With respect to deploying the remaining capital that we have, the cash that's on the balance sheet obviously, we have some restrictions in connection with our bank waiver agreement today.  We're looking forward to the time whenever we're going to come out of that the waiver amendment as operations improve, we're hoping that's going to be sooner rather than later. It's very difficult to hypothetically answer the question of whether or not we're going to be investing additional capital because it's really transaction specific, and we are evaluating a number of opportunities now, we've evaluated a number of opportunities over the course of this year that we've let out because we didn't think they were the right fit for host for 1 reason or another.  So we have teams that are back on the road. I'm back on the road looking at assets. We have people on the road today as we speak, looking at assets, and we're hopeful that we're going to be able to get some additional capital smartly deployed.  With respect to the Four Seasons Orlando, the resort sits on roughly 289 acres. And the short answer is that on the acreage that we have today, we do not see a current opportunity to redevelop any of that property. It includes it's -- if you haven't seen this property, I encourage you to look on the website or better yet, go visit it because it is really a fantastic, truly iconic and irreplaceable asset. It has an 18 hole golf course, it has 444 rooms, 55,000 square feet of meeting space, a 13,000 square foot spa, it has a 5-acre water park and tennis courts and 6 food and beverage outlets.  So while the 289-acre sounds like a lot of acreage, it is being fully utilized today in a very, very efficient and a very useful manner.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Neil Malkin of Capital One Securities.
Neil Malkin: And great quarter. I'm slow clapping for you over here. My question is on the group side. I think that's sort of the big mystery here, the biggest unknown. I think everything else is well understood, and leisure is going to be fantastic for you guys.  Just, Jim, if you could -- sorry, if you could put some color or maybe what you're underwriting for this year, in terms of group, I think in the first quarter, you were at about, I don't know, 20% or 25% of '19 levels for group.  How do you see that shaping up maybe over the -- through '22? And more specifically, what are you underwriting for the fourth quarter of this year? You said things are coming back or you're more bullish on that quarter. I mean, can you kind of just benchmark or couch what you see as the performance relative to '19 in the fourth quarter and more specifically into '22 as well?
James Risoleo: Sure. I'll start, and maybe I can pass Sourav chime in as well. For the second half of 2021 we have 1 million room nights on the books. And we have, at our Marriott managed properties, we booked 144,000 new room nights this year for 2Q for the second quarter through the fourth quarter of the year.  Of those 144,000 new room nights, about 70% of those were for the second half of the year. So that 1 million room nights that we have on the books for the second half of 2021 equates to 50% of the room nights we had in 2019, same time in 2019. So the split between the bookings is really leaning fourth quarter a little bit, not a lot, call it, 54% in the fourth quarter.  And the other thing I'd like to add is that we have a high degree of confidence that those groups are going to show up because our managers have just scrubbed all the bookings and to make certain that people aren't just hanging in there are going to cancel at some point in time. So it's not great, but it's good.  The fact that 1 million room nights are still there and holding up is encouraging. As we look out to 2022, it is -- we have what about 2 million room nights on the books in 2022 Sourav, I think, something like that? And it is very dependent at this point in time on when restrictions are going to be lifted in key markets.  To just put some back around it, some of the markets in Chicago, I think, just announced yesterday, when they're going to reopen. California is expecting to fully reopen on June 15, Boston, August 1, New York, July 1.  And I think that as markets reopen, that's the first thing that has to happen. But more importantly, what has to happen for the business transient traveler to return. And the -- in groups to start booking into next year in a more meaningful way is we have to continue to get the pace of vaccines out there, get to herd immunity in the country and very importantly, get our children back-to-school. And I think that we're hopeful that, that's all going to happen comes to September. I don't know, Sourav, do you have anything you want to add on this point?
Sourav Ghosh: The only thing I would add is in terms of booking activity. So our properties booked 440,000 room nights for the next 3 years. So that's '22 through '24 and to put that into perspective, that's 17% better than 2019 levels. So we're certainly encouraged by the booking activity that's taking place and hope that continues as we go into the second and third quarters for future years as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: On the Four Seasons Orlando acquisition, having stayed there, I'll agree that a really special property. Just can you talk a little bit more about where you see opportunities?  Like do you see the opportunity to make changes to that property to grow EBITDA longer term? And you bought it at a 4.7% 2019 cap rate or 16.8x EBITDA multiple. Do you have a view on where stabilized returns will be?
James Risoleo: Sure, Thomas. We do have a view, obviously, in our underwriting. We put a lot of thought into it as we do in every acquisition. Let me start by saying that this is the type of hotel that we have a lot of experience with and that we have in the past, delivered a lot of value to our shareholders through our asset management and enterprise analytics capabilities.  As we look at this property out of the box is profitable as we speak. And we're optimistic that the performance of the asset is going to exceed our underwriting expectations for 2021, for sure, the way it's going. There are a lot of things Sourav and I will kind of tag team this a little bit in a moment. But as we look at what's happening in Disney and in the country, we're very optimistic that we're going to see strong performance of this hotel going forward.  We believe that this property is in a position to perform better from an EBITDA growth profile than the rest of our portfolio and to recover to 2019 levels of EBITDA and beyond sooner than the rest of our portfolio does.  Additionally, and I'll let Sourav put some color on this, we feel that the asset has multiple asset management opportunities to advance margin and operational improvement.  One other point I'd like to make is that October 1 this year is the 50th anniversary of Disney World of the Magic Kingdom and Disney is planning an 18-month celebration, starting October 1. So we expect that we're going to see incredible demand flowing to this hotel.  One of the things that we looked at is the performance of ultra luxury assets. And if you look at ultra luxury assets over the last 20 years from 1990 to 2019. And those are defined as hotels with a RevPAR of $500 or greater. The CAGR was 6.2%. And if you look at the top 25 markets over that time frame, the CAGR was 3.2%.  So we think that there is incredible demand out there for this. The resort is becoming a destination onto itself, not only a destination for people who want to stay at Disney, but a vacation destination given the amenities that are on property. I've heard from some people that they take their family to stay at the Four Seasons and the kids only want to go to Magic Kingdom. So all good stuff as we see it going forward.  And I'll let Sourav talk a little bit about some of the things we're looking at.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. So we -- like with any acquisition, we have the best practice to pay book that we will share with the property and then work collaboratively with the management team to implement those best practices. For example, we have a best-in-class functional space management strategy to maximize revenue per available space. The meeting space that exists on property.  We've obviously done a lot with our existing luxury resorts in Florida as well as across our portfolio. Additionally, given that this is a resort and it has a ton of ancillary income as well, it's going to be all about maximizing total RevPAR, which we have again successfully done in implementing it, whether it's the 1 South Beach one of our recent acquisitions or it's Naples in Florida as well.  So a lot will be -- a lot of focus on total RevPAR and driving ancillary income. We will also work -- and the Four Seasons actually has a very experienced management team, work with them to identify any operating model opportunities as we have successfully again done across our luxury resorts and implement them as soon as possible.  So we look forward to working with the team. The other piece is, obviously, we're evaluating multiple ROI opportunities, particularly as it relates to food and beverage. Which we are excited to move forward on as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Smedes Rose of Citi.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to -- first, I just wanted to clarify something. Did you say you have 2 million group room nights on the books now for 2022?
James Risoleo: Correct. Smedes. Yes.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Is that running at about 1/3 of what you would have done in 2019? Or is it running at a higher pace? I'm just trying to get a sense of what potential upside be there.
James Risoleo: Yes.
Sourav Ghosh: Yes. Sure, Smedes. Relative to '19, when you think about it at this point in time, we would have about 60% on the books for the following year. We have approximately 45% on the books for 2022.
Smedes Rose: Okay. Okay. And then I just wanted to ask you, you mentioned the $100 million to $150 million in cost savings. And you've talked a lot about just being more efficient at the property level in order to achieve some of those savings. But has there been any more thought, I guess, coming out of the brands around the way that housekeeping will be execute going forward? And is that another potential opportunity for significant savings? Or would you not expect to see any kind of meaningful changes in that cost item?
Sourav Ghosh: It is certainly an ongoing dialogue, and it is going to be on a case-by-case basis, as you can imagine, at resort properties, it's going to be somewhat different than with urban hotels. And also business mix is also very dependent. So it's something that we are constantly -- we are having conversations with our managers to see how that brand standard will evolve as we get into more stabilized operations.  So it's a continuing dialogue, and it definitely is going to be on a market-by-market basis. But there certainly is opportunity to modify housekeeping relative to what it was pre-pandemic.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Lukas Hartwich of Green Street.
Lukas Hartwich: Can you talk a little bit more about the long-term optionality with the 300 acres acquired in Maui?
James Risoleo: Sure, Lukas. Again, $95,000 an acre currently being utilized for 2 golf courses, and a couple of restaurants on that site. It's immediately adjacent to the Hyatt Regency Maui, an asset that we have just completely repositioned.  It was a -- one of the assets that was under a multiyear repositioning program and when COVID hit, we were able to go back to our general contractor and renegotiate the contract is to give you context and accelerate the renovation and repositioning of that asset. So it was completed in November of last year as opposed to a year later, plus or minus.  We see opportunities going forward, subject to zoning and doing a additional development in Maui takes time. There's a long process, but that we have experience with that, given what we were able to do at the Andaz with the addition of our Villa units.  And there are opportunities on that land to add rooms to the existing hotel to build another hotel to build a select serve hotel. As we think about it, and use the petition as the Blue -- Play bulk and Blueprint, where we took 27 holes of golf and shrunk it to 18 holes those are things that we're going to think about going forward in Maui.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Chris Woronka of Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: I think back in the prepared comments, you mentioned that as part of the long-term EBITDA improvement plan, you're looking at $21 million to $35 million coming from 3 to 5 points of index growth at some of your recently renovated Marriott Hotels.  Can you kind of give us a sense as for -- is that 3 to 5 points of index growth relative to 2019 or pre renovation? And just where do you think that lift comes from? Is it from other Marriott properties in the market? Or is it from other brands? Just any additional details that you can give us on that would be terrific.
James Risoleo: Yes. It is 3 to 5 points of yield index growth relative to where the asset was performing pre renovation. And the assets that we're talking about are not only the 16 Marriott transformational capital program assets but other assets where we invested ROI money such as the doses are and what we're going to be doing at the Ritz and Naples and other hotels across the portfolio.  Where does it come from? It's tough to say, Chris. We think that in the middle of the pandemic, the 1 asset that we can point to that has really captured a lot of incremental market share is the Coronado Island, Resort & Spa in San Diego.  I think the yield index gain for well over 9 points at that hotel. So it's going to be case by case, and I don't want to promise anything, but as we are putting money in our hotels and renovating our properties and repositioning them, we're going to have a distinct advantage as business gets back to normal.  And I personally believe that we should be able to achieved more than 3 to 5 points of yield index growth because we're going to be competing with hotels that haven't been renovated that are going to have to be renovated going forward. And there's going to be incremental disruption associated with those renovations.  When they do occur, and it's going to have to happen or we're just going to be competing with a tired property. So we are very fortunate to have had the ability to continue to invest in our assets over the course of 2020, and we're doing the same thing this year going forward.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Aryeh Klein of BMO Capital Markets.
Aryeh Klein: ADR resorts have been incredibly strong through pandemic. Do you view this as the new normal and a run rate maybe moving forward? I guess when you look ahead over next year or two, can this be sustainable and that we build-off of this year?
James Risoleo: Yes. I don't know that it's going to be sustainable, Aryeh. I think that this year, was a unique point in time with businesses closed and people working from home and people being in a position where they can work from anywhere as children get back into schools and as offices open, I think we're going to see a return of business transient traveler and return of group business, and we are just very fortunate that our resort portfolio and our assets in the Sunbelt have carried us through in a material way.  We never thought that we would be profitable in the first quarter. We had 30 hotels that were profitable for the entire quarter. And I don't know that we talked about this before, but we had 38 hotels 42% of our rooms that were profitable for the month of March.  So do we think that we're going to continue to see this outsized performance? I think for a -- for the near term, the answer is yes. And when I say near term, we're talking about another year or so because there's so much pent-up demand out there is so much money in savings.  There is $6 trillion that individuals have in their bank accounts today, they want to spend it. For sure, they want experiences. They're happy to get on the airplane and go. One of the other interesting data points that we look at is air capacity.  And surprisingly, for Maui, our 3 resorts, I gave you some numbers on how they're trending for June and July, which I don't think anybody would have believed that sitting here a year ago, that we'd be seeing 80% to 90% occupancy at an ADR up 28% and our 3 resorts on Maui.  It's the only market in the country the only air mark in the country being Maui, that has more capacity right now than it did in 2019. Air capacity from Maui is up 4%. So for the near term, I think you're going to see incredible pent-up demand, replenished travel, we are seeing it. That's going to continue.  But is it sustainable over the next 3 to 5 years? It's hard to say, but I doubt it. At that point in time, we are really going to be able to compress rates as we have group business and business transient business back in the hotels.
Operator: We're showing time for one last question. Our last question will be coming from Anthony Powell of Barclays.
Anthony Powell: You talked a lot about the strength in ultra luxury properties over the past several years that cycle. So that shift -- that signal a shift for you to focus more on those properties and buying more of those over the cycle? Or would you prefer or even try to do more deals like the Austin property, which is more of a discounted group convention hotel in a kind of a growing market?
James Risoleo: Anthony, I think that we are very open-minded to investing in both types of assets. We're comfortable with a hotel like Austin that puts the profile of assets that we own today that we know how to effectively asset manage as I've talked earlier on this call, we're very comfortable with an asset like the Four Seasons Orlando.  And it really comes down to what I said in my prepared remarks. Regarding improving the EBITDA growth profile of the company. So that's where you're going to see us putting capital into assets where we feel that we can improve the overall EBITDA growth profile. As I mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we're prepared to look beyond the top 25 markets. We did that with Austin.  We're continuing to do that today. The demographic trends are changing in this nation. And a lot of people and a lot of businesses are relocating to cities in Sunbelt states, and we're going to follow the demand.  So I think you can expect to see us invest in a Marriott array of properties so long as they're all going to approve the overall growth profile of host.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Risoleo for closing comments.
James Risoleo: Well, everyone, thank you for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results with you. I look forward to talking with many of you over the coming weeks and at NAREIT in June. And at REIT World in person at the Wind hotel in November. Just ask -- I'm going to ask you to just do a couple of things. If you haven't gotten vaccinated, please get vaccinated. Enjoy your summer travels and go out and visit some of our hotels. Lastly, be well and stay healthy. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your interest in Host Hotels & Resorts. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Tejal Engman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tejal Engman: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and were not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre, cash burn and hotel-level results. You can find this information, together with the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in yesterdays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. Participating in todays call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Tejal, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Id like to start by expressing my heartfelt condolences to Ernies family and to our friends at Marriott. I have known Ernie for 25 years and found him to be one of the most authentic, engaging and caring leaders in the lodging space. A visionary leader, a loving husband and father, and a respected colleague and friend, Ernie will be deeply missed and is leaving a lasting legacy within our industry and all the lives he has touched. Host has emerged from the most challenging year in lodging history as a stronger company with robots long-term growth prospects. Our hotels have streamlined their operating models and minimize operating expense growth from second quarter lows, while accelerating RevPAR from $9 in April to approximately $42 in January. As a result, we have cut our hotel level operating loss by more than half from $163 million in the second quarter to $75 million in the fourth. We have also achieved breakeven or positive hotel level operating profit at 20 hotels representing 24% of our rooms in the fourth quarter, a sharp increase from 14 hotels and 13% of our rooms in the third quarter. Additionally, weve invested in our long-term growth and enhance our ability to gain and retain market share by continuing to upgrade several significant hotels and delivering the new AC Hotel Scottsdale North. Moreover, weve entered 2021 with $2.5 dollars of total available liquidity. Our investment grade balance sheet has been further strengthened by opportunistic asset and land sales at pre-COVID-19 valuations and debt refinancing that has pushed our earliest maturity to late 2023. Last week, we announced a best-in-class second amendment to our credit agreement, which provides us greater flexibility to acquire hotels early in this new lodging cycle. With the highest quality portfolio in the companys history and a balance sheet that allows us to capitalize on external growth opportunities, we are very well-positioned to elevate our EBITDA growth profile through the vaccine driven recovery. My comments today will focus on topline trends, ROI projects and our latest views on transaction markets and acquisition opportunities. Sourav will detail our hotels operating expense control and the improvement in and outlook for cash burn and hotel EBITDA. He will also walk through the additional flexibility and optionality created by the second amendments to our credit agreement. Starting with group booking trends, we saw a marked increase in group booking activity for our Marriott managed hotels in January. Our hotels booked approximately 101,000 group room nights for 2021, a 32% increase over January of 2019, with January typically being a slow month for group booking activity. In addition, our hotels had an impressive lead to booking conversion rate of 22%, compared to approximately 16% interest January 2019. While there are several types of groups being booked, we are pleased to see bookings for incentive meetings, which have returned after a hiatus in 2020. We also saw improved future group booking activity in January, with approximately 73,000 future group room nights booked for beyond 2021, representing a 42% increase to January of 2019. Through this January, we had approximately 1.6 million definite room nights on the books for full year 2021. Approximately 1 million of these occur in the second half of the year and are fairly evenly split between the third and fourth quarters, where bookings are largely continuing to hold. Should the groups materialize, our second half 2021 group business will have recovered to almost 50% of second half 2019 levels, based on definite group room nights on the books. While group pace is less meaningful today, as most meeting planners remain on the sidelines. We are encouraged by our total group revenue pace for the latter half of 2021. Pace in the second half of 2021 is down only about 25% compared to the same time last year, versus the first half being 84% lower than last year. This could improve with additional in the year, for the year group booking activity, assuming state and local restrictions are relaxed and attendees become more comfortable with travel. Staying with group, we believe that the location and quality of our hotels, as well as our longstanding sales relationships with key travel managers favorably positions them to gain market share when group demand returns to urban markets. For example, the demand from government agency groups surge around inauguration, our D.C. hotels rent occupancies up 81% and 78% on the day prior and the day of inauguration, respectively, and we temporarily reopened the Hyatt Regency Capitol Hill to capitalize on this demand. For those days, our hotels occupancies were 13 percentage points and 11 percentage points higher than other luxury and upper upscale hotels in the D.C. metro region. Moreover, we achieved an ADR that on average was $26 higher each day for the three days of January 19th, 20th and 21st. Our hotels significantly outperformed other luxury and upper upscale hotels due to their coveted downtown locations, ability to accommodate large groups and their 30-year relationships with key government agencies. At the end of the third quarter, we had approximately 118,000 definite room nights on the books for the fourth quarter, which would have represented a 7% sequential decline. However, our hotels will -- were able to drive 38,000 in the quarter for the quarter bookings for a total of 156,000 group room nights in the fourth quarter, representing a 23% sequential increase over the third quarter. Additionally, first fourth quarter group bookings delivered a 12.3% higher average rate than third quarter 2020, helped by this short-term group demand that was driven by small to mid-sized corporate accounts and smurf groups. Rebookings as a percentage of cancellations continue to increase, with approximately 24% of cancellations at our Marriott managed properties now rebooked and a funnel of tentative bookings that would take the total rebook to almost 37%. In the fourth quarter and full year 2020, we collected approximately $11.5 million and $52 million of group attrition and cancellation fees, respectively, and expect to collect an additional $12 million to $14 million in full year 2021. Moving on to leisure trends, leisure demand remains concentrated in Sunbelt markets and key leisure destinations such as Hawaii, as most city and metro destinations remain in various stages of restrictions. As with group over the inauguration in D.C., we find that the location and quality of our resorts, has enabled them to significantly gain market share. In the fourth quarter, our 16 resorts gained 17.8% RevPAR index share relative to their comp sets. This was driven by 8.1% better occupancy and 9% better rate compared to their RevPAR index scores in the fourth quarter of 2019. Moreover, we have gained 30% RevPAR index share in Phoenix, nearly 26% in the Florida Gulf Coast, 14.4% in Miami and nearly 12% in Maui/Oahu, as our hotels outperform their peers in capturing leisure demand. Our most recent acquisition, the 1 Hotel South Beach, continues to be an outstanding performer despite the pandemic. The hotel achieved 90% occupancy at a nearly $2,000 rate on New Years Eve and has just finished Presidents Day weekend, with occupancy averaging nearly 90% from Friday through Sunday, with a blended ADR of approximately $1,430, which represents a nearly 4% year-over-year increase. Encouragingly, leisure RevPAR performance to con -- continues to improve over holiday weekends. For example, at our Marriott managed hotels, RevPAR improved by 60% three weeks out from Presidents Day, compared to where those hotels were three weeks away from Columbus Day. In addition, we have observed the lengthening of the booking window in the Florida Gulf Coast, Miami and in Hawaii, where travelers are getting more comfortable with the testing requirements and process. With upcoming leisure holidays over spring break and Easter, we expect leisure occupancy to continue to improve driven by our Sunbelt markets in Hawaii. For the second half of the year, transient revenues at our three Maui hotels are pacing 11% higher compared to 2018, while total revenues are pacing almost 20% higher. In the fourth quarter, we grew leisure roommates by 62,000 or by 13.6% over the third quarter. Our Sunbelt markets ran 31.6% occupancy in the first week of the quarter and progress to 33.5% throughout the quarter, which growth is driven by Miami, the Florida Gulf Coast, Phoenix and San Antonio. Moreover, our loyalty redemption in the fourth quarter was 25% higher than the third quarter and represented the highest rewards demand since the start of the pandemic. Resort properties accounted for 65% of the growth in loyalty redemption room nights driven by Phoenix, the Florida Gulf Coast, Hawaii and Orlando. Moving on to business transient, demand remains low but as improved by 13% sequentially in the fourth quarter, which was the strongest quarter since that pandemic impacted travels. Cities that drove most of the increase over the third quarter were San Antonio, Houston and Philadelphia. As with group, business trends -- business transient demand continues to be driven by smaller organizations rather than by large corporate accounts, whose decisions remain on the sidelines is partly due to liability risks that we expect will fade as vaccine deployment accelerates. Shifting to portfolio reinvestment, let me begin by saying that our ability to continue to invest in our portfolio is a competitive advantage that we expect will favorably position Host to gain market share and deliver superior revenue and EBITDA growth through this lodging recovery. 3 points to 5 points of weighted index growth at our renovated hotels in 2019 would have translated into roughly $38 million to $63 million of incremental revenues and $21 million to $34 million of incremental EBITDA on a stabilized annualized basis. In addition to this, we expect our ROI projects to materially enhance the underlying value of our real estate. Last year, we completed extensive resort renovations and repositioning at the Hyatt Regency Maui Resort and The Don Cesar in St. Pete Beach. Within the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, we plan on completing The Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island in March this year, following several notable completions such as the JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead, among others in 2020 and the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, Santa Clara Marriott, New York Marriott Downtown and Coronado Island Marriott Resort & Spa in 2019. We continue to invest in the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, as well as another ROI projects, which on a combined basis represent nearly 71% of our 2021 capital spend. Moreover, nearly 85% of our investment in the Marriott program is expected to be complete by year end 2021 and the entire program should be substantially completed by year end 2022. Having completed seven of the Marriott program renovations through year end 2020, we expect to complete an additional four hotels in 2021, thereby transforming 11 of the 16 hotels that make up the program. We expect to benefit from $16 million of operating profit guarantees for Marriott in 2021, without experiencing commencement -- commensurate revenue disruption given the current low RevPAR environment. In addition, we expect to deliver 19 new two battery -- two bedroom luxury villas at the Andaz Maui at Wailea Resort in April this year. The 11 existing villas achieved a RevPAR of approximately $1,7 00 in 2019 and while they exhibit strong demand throughout the year in normal years, recent demand for villas has more than tripled from pre-pandemic levels. ADRs for these villas ran at almost $3,700 a night in December and at $2,400 a night in January. We already have 300 room nights on the books for the new villas, with a transient rate of $1,990 a night and the hotel has only just begun marketing them. Although, the villa expansion wasnt part of our original underwriting when we acquired the hotel in 2018, we are currently exceeding our project underwriting assumptions for 2021 on both rate and occupancy. We are excited to announce the repositioning and expansion at one of our top performing hotels, The Ritz Carlton Naples, where we see an opportunity to create meaningful value, while also transforming the resort to meet todays luxury standards. A new tower and reconfiguration within the existing hotel will increase the suite count at The Ritz from less than 8% of total inventory to almost 20% or 92 keys, while adding 24 keys overall. In 2019, the resorts 35 suites achieved RevPAR of approximately $800, almost double the overall RevPAR of the resort and are highly sought after by the hotels loyal customer base. Additionally, an expanded club lounge will eliminate the size constraints on upsells, which generated an annualized ADR premium in excess of $220 in 2019. Business interruption estimates continued to be low due to the impact of COVID-19 on our occupancy, which also makes this an opportune time to renovate the guest rooms and to make ROI generating upgrades to the resource pools, pool bar and restaurant. The project will commence in May 2021 and is expected to be complete in December 2022. As stabilization in 2023, we expect this project to generate nearly $10.5 million of incremental annualized EBITDA, which represents a 12% cash on cash return on incremental investment based on our underwriting. Finally, on acquisitions, in the first weeks of 2021, we have seen a marked increase in the number of attracted hotels coming to market. From looking at just a handful of deals in the fourth quarter of 2020, we now have a solid pipeline of interesting and actionable opportunities to evaluate. In many instances, the hotels we are looking at are owned by private owners who have been contemplating liquidity events for some time. While we expect to face strong competition for acquisitions, we are very well-positioned due to our deep relationships and our ability to move quickly from large equity investments with cash and provide tax advantaged alternatives to sellers. This management team has a strong capital allocation track record, having acquired $1.6 billion of assets and sold $3.3 billion of assets at favorable multiples in 2018 and 2019. The biggest shift in our acquisition strategy is our consideration of markets beyond the top 25. IBM Watson recently developed predictive analytics model minds over 1 million discrete structured variables and leverages natural language processing insights from over 3 million unstructured data sources to forecast RevPAR growth by market. We use this proprietary topline predictive model in our research based expectations for hotel operating expense growth by market to narrow down the markets that are likely to outperform the revenue and EBITDA growth profile of our existing footprint. While we believe this is an opportune time to deploy capital, as we are at the beginning of the lodging cycle and appear to be heading into a period of strong economic recovery, let me emphasize that we are not looking to acquire for acquisition sake. We are optimistic about finding opportunities that will truly elevate the EBITDA growth profile of our existing portfolio. To conclude, we are very encouraged that vaccine deployment in the United States has gained momentum, with over 55 million doses administered already and 1.7 million new doses being administered each day according to CDC data. As The Washington Post recently reported, the United States has purchased enough supplies to vaccinate all American adults, making the vaccine driven recovery more certain today than it has been since the pandemic began. McKinsey estimates that the U.S. may achieve herd immunity by the third quarter or fourth quarter and that a transition to normalcy if possible as early as the second quarter of 2021, aided by the spring weather and the vaccination of the highest risk population. Should this scenario materialize, we expect to be able to achieve positive hotel EBITDA at some point in the second half of the year and to continue to benefit from a rebound in travel as the pandemic resist. With that, I will turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Following the revenue related green shoots Jim details on group bookings and transient demand, I would like to give you a better sense of how we expect property level expenses to trend relative to revenues this year. Since the start of the pandemic, we have worked closely with our property managers to aggressively limit costs and evolve the operating model to adjust for the business environment. In the fourth quarter, excluding service, property level expenses were approximately 65% lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Including wages and benefits costs, variable expenses were roughly 82% lower year-over-year, broadly in line with RevPAR declines of 79.7%, while fixed expenses were approximately 47% lower. Variable expense reductions have consistently been in line with overall revenue declines through the downturn. Fixed expenses that are somewhat associated with business volume, such as maintenance, marketing and utility costs, saw a dramatic reduction in the second quarter and have slowly increased as business improved through the back half of the year. Brand programs to services, such as above property sales offices and IT has seen material reduction, as our operators have restructured their shared services organization. Finally, costs below the gross operating profit line which include taxes and insurance and are traditionally completely fixed saw modest reductions in the fourth quarter due to one-time credit, such as operating profit guarantees associated with the Marriott Transformational Capital Program. As a result of our property and brand management teams efforts to ensure that cost growth remains in line with slowly improving revenue, our quarterly expense reduction ratio, which measures the year-over-year decline in property level expenses divided by the year-over-year decline in total revenues was fairly stable at approximately 0.8 in the second, third and fourth quarters. This means that for every 1% decline in year-over-year total revenue, our hotels reduced year-over-year expenses by 0.8%. The question now is what does this ratio look like as revenues return in 2021. We have always expected to reach a plateau where the ratio deteriorates as services and standards return to the middle of the revenue recovery. Although, we still expect this to be the case, because 2021 is the transition year, our hotels are striving to achieve an expense reduction ratio of between 0.65 and 0.7 throughout the year, as measured by property level expense and total revenue declines relative to 2019. Moving on to hotel level operating losses, we improved our quarter-over-quarter results by 23%, mainly by increasing revenues, while keeping hotel expenses relatively stable. Most of the increase in expenses was associated with the five hotels that we reopened in the fourth quarter, as well as greater business volumes overall. Our hotel level operating loss averaged $25 million per month in the fourth quarter, down from approximately $32 million in the third quarter, including the $15 million and $23 million of employee retention credit our managers received in 2020 under the CARES Act and passed on to us in the fourth and third quarters, respectively. Excluding these one-time credits, our monthly hotel level operating losses in the fourth quarter averaged approximately $30 million and were better than the $40 million of hotel level operating losses we outline on our third quarter call, primarily due to revenues being approximately 35% higher on a sequential basis in the fourth quarter. We expect first quarter hotel operations to be broadly commensurate with the fourth quarter of 2020, as further improvement in fundamentals may be offset by leisure demand being seasonally weaker in the first quarter than the fourth quarter, which benefited from strong ADRs and occupancies in the days leading up to and including New Years Eve. We therefore expect an average hotel level operating loss of approximately $30 million to $35 million a month, not including any one-time credit our hotels may receive in the first quarter. Adjusting for interest payments and corporate G&A, we expect monthly cash flow from operations to range between approximately $49 million to $54 million. With regard to our outlook, it remains challenging to forecast precisely when we will achieve hotel level EBITDA breakeven and profitability in the second half of 2021, as much depends on the success of vaccine administration and the continued easing of state and local restrictions. Following the first quarter, we expect a gradual sequential improvement in RevPAR. We anticipate this to be occupancy driven in the second and third quarters, when ADR may sequentially decline as suspended luxury and upper upscale hotels reopen. Our research indicates that operations at approximately 13.5% of luxury and upper upscale hotels in our top 25 markets are currently suspended and likely to reopen at low occupancies during the second and third quarters of this year. Turning to the 20 hotels that have achieved breakeven or positive hotel EBITDA in the fourth quarter, breakeven generally has been achieved in the 35% to 45% occupancy range, with ADR down in the approximately 15% to 30% range compared to 2019, which is in line with the estimates we first provided in April. Assuming the inclusion of corporate level expenses for interest and corporate G&A, we would breakeven at occupancy levels of approximately 45% and 60% at the same ADR decline levels of 15% to 30%. Moving on to the balance sheet, the second amendment to our credit agreement has increased our acquisition capacity to $2 billion using existing liquidity with a minimum liquidity requirement of $600 million. The capacity may include $500 million of proceeds from asset sales that would otherwise have been required to repay debt, as long as we use the proceeds to acquire assets that are unencumbered by debt. In addition, we have retained our ability to redeploy $750 million of assets sale proceeds into acquisition via the 1031 exchange process, while extending our leverage covenant relief period to the second quarter of 2022 and our leverage covenant easing period for the third quarter of 23. In doing so, we have created cushion for our internal recovery, as well as capacity to accommodate external growth opportunities. There are a couple of additional items I would like to bring to your attention. First, we recorded an income tax benefit of $220 million in 2020, due to the net operating loss incurred by our TRS. As a result of legislation enacted by the CARES Act, this net operating loss may be carried back up to five years in order to procure a refund of previously paid federal corporate income taxes. We anticipate that our TRS will incur a net operating loss in 2021 and then we will continue to record a corresponding tax benefit in the first quarter of 2021. Second, we have included scheduled with historical pro forma hotel metrics in our fourth quarter 2020 supplemental. The metrics include quarterly RevPAR, occupancy, ADR, revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDAre going back eight quarters to the first quarter of 2019 and we plan on updating this schedule quarterly. To conclude, our focus and three strategic objectives continue to be to redefine the operating model, gain market share and strategically allocate capital. Over time, we expect to recover to 2019 levels of RevPAR with costs that may be $100 million to $150 million lower than they were in 2019 on a nominal basis, with a portfolio thats gaining market share and outperforming its complex. We are positioned to have robust revenue and EBITDA growth that we expect will be further augmented by external growth opportunities. And with that, we will be happy to take any questions. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Smedes Rose with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Good morning. Jim, I wanted to follow up on your commentary around a pipeline like of an interesting and actionable properties and that sounds like quite a bit of a change from your last call and I just kind of wondering if you could talk about whats causing more opportunities to come to light for you? And maybe you could just kind of touch on how youre thinking about underwriting those properties as we move forward?
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Smedes. Happy to address your question. I think what has changed is the simple fact that a lot of owners of hotels who were holding off bringing their properties to market have now started as we have messaged today to see light at the end of the tunnel here. I think that you can tell from our commentary and from our release that we feel confident that assuming the vaccine continues to be rolled out and there isnt any disruption due to new variants being found, which it doesnt appear to be today anyway. Its a beginning of a new cycle and there are a lot of buyers who sat on the sides -- sidelines to wait for the time when there might be more buyer interest and were starting to see that now. And the pipeline has truly meaningfully expanded between the fourth quarter and the early part of this year. So when I say there are actionable opportunities. These in many instances are private owners who have wanted to monetize their investment for one reason or another, modestly along the lines of distress, theres not that much distress out there. But we are seeing owners who say this is the time and this is the time to take these assets to market. I dont think that there is a lot of just price analysis occurring, based on the conversations were having. These are people who really want to sell their hotels. Now, we are in a really unique position, given the fact that we have $2.5 billion of cash and we have the ability to acquire up to $2 billion of assets out of existing liquidity, subject to maintaining $600 million of liquidity inside the company. And that gives us the ability to go out and buy hotels on an all cash basis without the need to obtain debt financing, which is a distinguishing factor for us. And we have very strong deep relationships having been in this industry for over 30 years and a very solid reputation, the ability to move quickly and to get deals done. The other thing I think that is bringing people to market today is the fact that the debt markets are opening up. So, we expect that theres going to be competition from private equity firms. Theres no question about it. But were happy to have that competition. I think that the print for the fourth quarter on what weve been able to accomplish on margins in a very challenging environment gives us a high degree of confidence that between our enterprise analytics group and our asset managers that we can find ways to create value even in the environment that were in today. So were confident. I dont know how many deals were going to get done. But we do believe that were at the beginning of the cycle. We came into 2020 in the best shape that the companys ever been in, because in large part we believed going into 19 that we were heading into the end of the lodging cycle and we were prudent in our capital allocation strategy and I think its going to pay off for us. Because its giving us the opportunity to acquire hotels as the economy reopens and as the lodging cycle begins to move.
Smedes Rose: Great. Appreciate the detail. Thank you.
Jim Risoleo: Sure,
Operator: Our next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Jim, I was interested in your comment about looking outside of the top 25 markets now, when you when you think about acquisition. Would that still be urban? Are you thinking more resort and if -- as kind of part of the same question, Im just wondering when you talk about IBM Watson, is there some risk with that the data points that are -- that AI would think these data points are going to continue that are really driven by temporary dynamics. And that we know will be temporary and the things that will change, but it wouldnt necessarily be obvious to a machine predicting based on data points from the last two years. I guess, just thinking about that with that market youre looking at? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. Let me start by addressing IBM Watson, Robin. Its a powerful tool for us. It does give us an opportunity to evaluate markets through predictive analytics. As I mentioned, I will say that its one tool that we use. We are still substituting. We will never substitute IBM Watson for our judgment on what we see happening in markets. And so it takes into account a lot of data. I mean, we have always looked at structured data and we continue to do that. IBM Watson looks at unstructured data. And yes, the world has changed, but I think that the unstructured data is out there and were very fortunate to have a tool like IBM Watson to capture that data. Additionally, as we think about markets, we are looking at markets where we believe that we can acquire hotels that will allow us to grow EBITDA at a higher level than our existing portfolio of assets. So in addition to looking at topline, we will be studying in detail the expense profile of each hotel. Because its critical that, yes, you have strong revenue management and you have the ability to sell your property, but it doesnt do you a lot of good if you dont have the flow-through. So controlling expenses is absolutely critical to how we look at properties going forward. I will tell you that one of the reasons were looking at markets outside the top 25 today is because we think that expense growth at least for the near-term is likely to be higher in major urban markets, as we come out of this, just given cost pressures that the urban markets are facing today. So further to answer your question, resorts -- I think our resorts story is incredible. If you look at the statistics, the RevPAR index here is, weve been able to achieve on the 16 resort properties we have and if you look at specific resort markets, like, Miami, The Gulf Coast of Florida and Phoenician, we couldnt be more pleased with how our resorts have performed. So, yes, therell be at the top of the list. But I would tell you, more importantly its going to be assets where there are multiple demand drivers. So we are going to continue to look for properties where theres a mix of business transient, leisure transient and group. We are strong believers in having diversity of demand and giving us the ability to pivot from one type of demand to the other depending on market conditions.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Jim, I think, its a good idea to generally avoid the markets where you have that ridiculous union pressure, making it unprofitable to operate. My question for you is on Hawaii, its a big part of your portfolio. Maybe I think its your either one or two largest market. I think that was actually one of the saving graces or at least relative to our expectations. ADR was very high, even though occupancy was around sort of a portfolio average. Can you give us an update on sort of how you see Hawaii playing out in terms of demands, sort of pent-up demand and then like maybe what the Asian travel kind of story or timeline looks like to that market as well?
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Neil. We are -- our EBITDA in Hawaii is concentrated in three terrific hotels located on Maui. The visitation to Maui is driven by domestic U.S. travel. Its really not driven by Asian travel. Asian travel is heads to a Oahu and the Big Island of Hawaii, predominantly, not on Maui. So, the ability that we have had on Maui to hold rate and to see rate pacing, total revenue pace up 11% in the back half of 2021, I think speaks loudly to the desirability of Maui in our resorts in particular. So we actually figured out how to navigate the testing requirements and the other requirements the State of Hawaii had put in place and took a family vacation to Maui over Christmas. And even though occupancies were very low, ADRs were very high. So I think that we are going to continue to see Maui and Hawaii travel increase, particularly as the vaccine gets rolled out. Whats apparent to us is that there is incredible pent-up demand out there, particularly on the leisure side and the amount of money that has been saved as a result of the various restrictions and lockdowns and the fact that people arent going to the office and theyre not commuting, theyre not going out to lunch, people arent going out to dinner is pretty incredible. So we will continue to see Hawaii grow over time. And the other data point that is just very, very encouraging is what were seeing with respect to villa bookings at the Andaz, the fact that we had a $3,700 ADR during the month of December for the villas and how were getting incredible demand on our 19 new villas that arent even complete. So were bullish on Hawaii and we think that leisure is going to really continue to carry today as we see business transient and group evolves.
Neil Malkin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Bellisario with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Bellisario: Good morning, everyone. Jim, you give a lot of
Jim Risoleo: Hi, Mike.
Michael Bellisario:  input -- hi. Just question for you on the leisure side, you gave a lot of detail specifically on leisure heavy markets and then doing so well. Maybe can go the other side of the coin, whats the update? What are you seeing in your coastal urban markets, both from a group and transient perspective? And then you mentioned the sequential BT uptick, is that occurring in any of these more impacted gateway markets?
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. Ill take part of this. Im going to ask Sourav to also provide some commentary on it as well. So not surprisingly, the urban markets are still in very various stages of restrictions. As an example, in California, you still have, certainly, in Los Angeles County, I dont know about San Francisco, but in LA County, in indoor dining is still closed. So you have the ability to eat outside of the restaurant, gyms are closed, the other amenities like hair salons, nail salons are open, but with 25% capacity. New York, as an example, Broadway is closed. Theyve opened up indoor dining. So until we see services returned to normal and were hearing that Broadway could open up soon. But until we see services returned to normal, I dont think youre going to see a lot of demand in the coastal markets. Sourav, you want to touch a little bit on BT trends?
Sourav Ghosh: Yeah. Sure. On the BT front, not as much demand, as you would expect right now in the coastal urban markets. We are seeing some demand as relates to consultants. So that Deloitte PwCs of the world, as well as some project teams that are certainly going to these markets as well, obviously, some government and government contract business as well. So, at the end of the day, when you think about it, the offices really need to open up and the companies need to get comfortable with their folks traveling on business. And when that does happen, thats when travel -- BT travel will be coming back in a meaningful way. And as Jim mentioned, just given the cadence of the recovery that were seeing with the vaccine administration across the U.S., that poses really well and were optimistic that recovery is going to occur sooner rather than later. I would mention just one thing on the group front is we did do future bookings of about 73,000, room nights from 2022 and beyond. And the encouraging sign there is 30% of that 73,000 room nights was made up of Boston, New York and Seattle. So those are, again, obviously, urban markets and thats an encouraging sign for the future.
Michael Bellisario: Okay.
Jim Risoleo: So, Mike, the other thing I would add here and this will impact the urban markets. Weve had conversations with our managers, obviously, around a lot of matters. But in particular, when were talking about BT, we are of the opinion that we might see 50% to 60% of corporate travel returning by quarter four this year. So thats an encouraging sign for us. The other encouraging sign is that most special corporate accounts have held rates flat in 2021 versus 2020, and if you recall, 2020 was flat to 2019. So thats a very encouraging sign that corporate accounts arent pushing back on rate when theyre negotiating. So there are a lot of green shoots out there, and again, not to keep talking about the vaccine, but its all dependent on the country getting vaccinated and us achieving herd immunity and offices opening up and people getting back on the road.
Michael Bellisario: Perfect. Thanks for the follow up.
Operator: And our next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to dig in for a moment on one of Souravs comments, just talking about the flow-through kind of coming out of this crisis and thrive, appreciate you kind of trying to put that into terms that I think well understand as analysts. I just want to sort of reframe it a little bit, I think, what you said was, you could expect for this year something like $0.65 to $0.70 on the dollar of rev of like, lets call it, revenue, flowing through to the bottomline. So one is just to clarify, am I thinking about that correctly. And then two, if I am, if we go back and look, I believe the flow-through rates, lets go back to like 2009, 2010, at least as an industry they were decently lower than that and I believe what happened was occupancy hadnt fully recovered yet. And so it took a little longer to hit, theres really high flow-throughs, because first, youre filling up, yeah, theres more variable expense attached to that. And then its really the rate portion of the equation that drives the higher flow-throughs. But is that going to be -- is that equation going to be a little different this go around and/or could you see higher flow-through as rate actually starts to come back as well? So just maybe help us break that down a little bit?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. Thanks. So let me just give it, I think, give an example, so lets puts the numbers into perspective. If you just take the Smiths Travel numbers for 2021, theyre estimating RevPAR down to 56%. What were saying with this expense ratio and lets take the midpoint of what were saying between 2.65 and 2.7, thats 0.675. What we -- if you take 0.675 and multiply that by 56%. All were saying is that expenses would reduce by 37.8%. Thats what we were saying is the -- to the midpoint in 2021. We have not seen this from the last downturn where we went -- had a ratio of as high as 0.8. It got as high as 0.69 back in 2009 relative to the peak and that would every subsequent year, obviously, that ratio starts going down as expenses are coming back. So this time around, definitely more incremental expenses are being taken out. So you would expect better flow-through to your point as ADR starts coming back in a meaningful way. And the quicker the revenues come back, the better the flow-through will be, because you would also be having the benefit of expenses not growing at inflation over multiple years, so the sooner revenues come back, the better flow-throughs going to be, the quicker you would have margin expansion. Hope that makes sense?
Shaun Kelley: It does. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question is from Lukas Hartwich with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Lukas Hartwich: Thanks. Good morning.
Jim Risoleo: Good morning, Lukas.
Lukas Hartwich: One of the lines that -- hi, Jim. One of the lines of the AC hotel development in the Phoenician land sale, Im just curious if there are more opportunities in the portfolio to unlock hidden value that maybe arent apparent to us in terms of the disclosure that we get?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. There are, Lukas. And we are very thoughtful about having conversations with respect to value enhancement opportunities until our projects are permitted and are designed and are underwritten, and that is one of the reasons why we were really happy to share with you today, in my comments, what were doing at our Ritz Carlton in Naples. So the ability to truly create what we believe based on our underwriting is a 12% cash on cash return on that value enhancement opportunity addition -- in addition to really truly increasing the underlying value of that hotel through the repositioning of it, the addition of suites and the refresh of the guest rooms and the bathrooms in a luxury resort is very attractive to us. And we are working on a number of additional opportunities to either add rooms at properties where we think it makes sense to take excess parcel of land where it makes sense and develop a select service hotel on it. So, the short answer is, youll be hearing a lot more from us over the course of time as we move through the entitlement process and as we complete our design, costing and underwriting. And its -- we have a whole team in designing construction who was on this. We are in the unique position as a company, because we have an integrated workforce, with designing construction, asset management, enterprise analytics investments and the like within the company to do this sort of work. So were excited about it. Its a key focus for us. We think that many times its -- youre in a better place to invest in your own assets than you are to make acquisitions. Thats not saying that now is not the time to make acquisitions, it is, but were going to continue to invest in our properties as well.
Lukas Hartwich: Make sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Hello, everyone. Just a question on, I guess, competition for transit -- for transactions. It seems like the resort and Sunbelt opportunity seems to be very popular right now. Do you see more competition for those hotels versus maybe recovery plays in urban markets and how do you think cap rates are going to trend between kind of Sunbelt resort, urban group and urban guests visit transit hotels and how do you view cap rates going in as part of your underwriting as you look to buy hotels this cycle?
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, I think that, its -- cap rates are one metric of the underwriting, obviously, by and large, there arent many hotels out there today that I would deem to be stabilized operating -- that have stabilized operating models, as were looking at them. We obviously look back at 2019 and get a sense of how the asset would have traded at that point in time with the cap rate might have been back then and apply that to the pricing expectations that a seller has. And its just -- it is -- its all over the Board today. So were seeing certain assets that are going to trade at a discount to pre-COVID pricing. Were seeing assets theyre going to trade at pre-COVID pricing. So cap rate is one metric that were looking at. But were also looking at how quickly we think we can stabilize the asset with the EBITDA growth will be -- what that EBITDA multiple is going to look like with a discount to replacement classes, supply demand factors at any given market. Its just a number of different things today. I mean, theres not one way that youre going to underwrite a hotel in this environment. I will tell you that its -- if you think about a bar, so its multiple dates on the store, its cap rate is one, EBITDA multiple is another, replacement costs is yet another and demand trends in any given market. So there is not one way to do it. Were taking into account a lot of different things in our underwriting model.
Anthony Powell: Got it. And what about competition, do you think it will be easier to maybe buy urban hotels this time around than the resort properties that are popular right now?
Jim Risoleo: I think its too soon to say that. Clearly, the urban markets are going to recover. Its just a question of when the restrictions are lifted, when people get back to work, when international travel starts coming back into the U.S. So I would not right off the urban markets. But theyre going to recover a little slower than the resorts and in certain other markets just given the dynamic that Ive referred to.
Anthony Powell: Yeah. Right. Thank you.
Operator: And we have reached the end of your question-and-answer session. And Ill now turn the call over to CEO, Jim Risoleo, for closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Well, thank you, all for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter results with you and we look forward to talking with you over the coming weeks and months, hopefully in person. Please stay healthy and positive and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Tejal Engman, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tejal Engman: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we begin please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we're not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre, cash burn, and hotel-level results. You can find this information, together with the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and in the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. Participating in today's call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Tejal, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. I hope all of you and your families remain safe and healthy. Over the last several months, we've transitioned from responding to the challenges posed by this pandemic, to rebuilding our business within its confines. To that end, I would like to highlight three key achievements since our last earnings call. First, we've achieved gradual but steady revenue growth, with our portfolio delivering sequentially higher RevPAR each month from a historic low of approximately $9 in April to a preliminary estimate of $37 in October. Although third quarter and October RevPAR remained more than 80% lower year-over-year. Third quarter revenues grew over 90% quarter-over-quarter, as our operators maximized their efforts to access all potential sources of wholesale demand, which continues to gradually increase. Second, we have reduced our third quarter hotel-level operating loss by approximately 40% from second quarter levels, including the benefit of a $23 million employee retention credit. Based on third quarter results, and excluding the employee retention credit benefit, we have reduced our monthly ongoing hotel-level operating loss by approximately 25% on average compared to the second quarter. Our sequential revenue growth has flowed through to our bottom line, as our operators have continued to do an outstanding job of minimizing expenses. Finally, we have further strengthened our robust liquidity by raising over $600 million of capital through opportunistic asset sales and debt refinancing and repayments. As a result, if fourth quarter operations are commensurate with the third quarter, we expect to end the year with approximately $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion of total available liquidity, including cash and FF&E reserves, with no debt maturities until 2023. As we enter the ninth month of the pandemic with daily COVID-19 case counts in the United States near all-time highs, we continue to believe that the demand recovery will remain gradual and choppy before the widespread availability of effective COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics. Therefore, our key near-term priorities remain: number one, working with our operators to continue to access all potential sources of demand; number two, minimizing expenses and reducing hotel cash burn; and number three, maximizing liquidity. We're equally focused on our longer-term objectives of structurally redefining our operating model, positioning our portfolio to gain RevPAR index share, and capitalizing on opportunistic investments to create long-term value for our stockholders. Let me walk you through our progress on these near and long-term objectives before handing the call over to Sourav to explain our third quarter operating performance. Beginning with demand. Although occupancy continues to be driven by leisure travelers, our hotels are also capturing short-term group, airline crew, and small but steady business transient volumes. We booked 127,000 group nights in the third quarter and delivered 88,000 more room nights than the second quarter. If you exclude New York, which accounted for the majority of group room nights in the second quarter due to medical and first responder business. Excluding New York, group rooms increased progressively throughout the quarter from 19,000 in July, to 40,000 in August, and 49,000 in September, primarily driven by corporate and Smurf events. Nine of our hotels booked sports-related group blocks for major league baseball and NFL teams to ESPN and other sports media, with a notable 800 rooms booked at Hyatt Regency San Francisco Burlingame for the PGA Championship in August. In addition, the Andaz Maui was personally bought out by a film production unit, which generated over 8,000 total room nights across September and October, two months when regular hotel operations were temporarily suspended. With robust safety protocols in place, including testing attendees upon arrival and employees on a daily basis, the Andaz generated a little over $1.7 million of incremental hotel-level EBITDA from this business. While our operators are striving to access all potential sources of hotel demand, they remain focused on working with meeting planners to restore confidence in traditional group meetings and events. In October, the Orlando World Center Marriott hosted this year's Connect 2020 Conference with more than 1,000 in-person attendees at our hotel, and 175 virtual attendees at home. Every detail was meticulously designed for safety as the Trade Show was spread across our 39,000 square foot Crystal ballroom with widely spaced booths and aisles, so the large groups of attendees were able to socially distance safely. Attendees complied with the hotel's map mandate, and plenty of maps were available on site. The property was able to complement the in-person events with virtual suppliers and a digital Trade Show that occurred simultaneously. We believe this hybrid meeting format will augment in-person demand and Marriott plans to host four global hybrid meeting events starting on November 9 at our Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner. While such events help publicize the fact that meetings can take place safely despite the complexities posed by the pandemic, restrictions on large group gatherings remain in place for most states and local jurisdictions, and nearly all conventions in city-wide had been cancelled through the first quarter of next year. We remain optimistic about group business on a medium to long-term basis due to encouraging group booking patterns. Rebookings as a percentage of cancellations continue to increase, with approximately 16% of group book business that was cancelled in 2020 now rebooked into future years, up from 11.6% in the second quarter. Moreover, group cancellations for 2021 remain concentrated through April, with groups that are scheduled for the second half of next year holding fairly steady. In the third quarter, we booked a net 81,000 group rooms for the second half of 2021 driven by San Francisco, San Jose, Orlando, New York, and the D.C. Metro region. We have 2.2 million definite rooms on the books for 2021 which are on a full-year basis is 31.5% lower than the same time last year, and on a second half basis is 7.7% lower. For context, we had approximately 3.2 million definite rooms on the books for full-year 2020 at the same time last year. Finally, our operators achieved a robust sequential increase in 2022 to 2024 group bookings. We booked nearly 100,000 more room nights for these out years in the third quarter than we did in the second quarter, with room night activity down only 13% to the same time last year. Importantly, for these out years, ADR is only 80 basis points lower than the same time last year, in contrast to the deep discounting that prevailed in the aftermath of 9/11 and the Great Financial Crisis. Moving on to business transient, demand remains minimal, but has improved from 11,000 room nights in July, to 13,000 in August, and 14,000 in September. A variety of industries are driving demand, including healthcare, consulting, technology, and financial and business services with no particular standouts. In general, both group and business transient demand is being driven by smaller organizations, rather than by the large corporate accounts. We continue to believe that business travel will recover in line with the broader economic recovery because of the ROI it generates for businesses. For every dollar spent on business travel, there is a $10 return in revenue and a $3 return in profit according to a 2013 analysis by U.S. Travel and Oxford Economics, which statistically modeled 14 industries over 18 years. Moreover, travel makes up only 1% of total U.S. corporate sales, and roughly 2% of operating expenses according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, making travel cuts less impactful to long-term profitability than is commonly perceived. Turning to contract revenues. Although TSA passenger volumes have slowed recently, they grew steadily during the third quarter as airlines continue to add more destinations. Our operators drove additional crew business to our hotels, resulting in 31,000 more contract rooms in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, a 71% sequential increase. And finally, leisure demand which relatively outperformed other types of demand through the summer has held up better than it historically does post-Labor Day. If lines between work, school and home remained blurred, our operators have created new offerings to appeal to consumers looking to escape but not via being at home. Hyatt introduced the Work From Hyatt package and Marriott launched the Work Anywhere with Marriott Bonvoy package. The packages facilitate working productively from a hotel for the day, a short stay, or an extended resort vacation, another example of our operators innovating to access all potential sources of demand. Moving on to cash burn, our hotel-level operating loss averaged $40 million a month in the third quarter, not including the Employee Retention Credit received under the CARES Act. That $10 million per month lower than the monthly cash burn scenario we outlined on our second quarter call, and approximately half the worst case scenario of $70 million to $80 million that we discussed in May. Our third quarter hotel-level cash expenses, less the Employee Retention Credit increased by 19% on a revenue increase of over 90% compared to the second quarter. Our operators have demonstrated their commitment to achieving hotel-level break-even as soon as possible by continuing to minimize costs and add back expenses only as necessary to service business levels as a current low occupancy rates. Assuming operational performance remains at third quarter levels, we would expect approximately $95 million to $105 million of total monthly cash outflows reflecting an average hotel level loss of approximately $40 million a month, as well as estimated CapEx, interest payments and general corporate overhead. Above property, corporate level monthly cash flows will be sequentially higher in the fourth quarter due to the timing of CapEx and interest payments. Sourav will provide greater details on our near-term cash burn trajectory in his prepared remarks. Moving to our final near-term objective of maximizing liquidity, we raised over $600 million of capital through opportunistic asset sales and debt refinancing since our last earnings call. We sold a 532 room Newport Beach Marriott Hotel & Spa for $216 million, which exceeds our pre-COVID internal hold value for this asset. Moreover, we reduced our future CapEx commitments with the sale of this hotel, including $19 million of contractually required owner funded CapEx for the Marriott Transformational Capital Program and associated systems renovations. This was an opportunistic sale at pre-COVID pricing to a buyer who has strategic reasons to own the asset. We're pleased to have achieved a total CapEx adjusted valuation of 13.8 times 2019 EBITDA and a 6.8% cap rate based on 2019 NOI and to have further enhanced our liquidity and reduced our near-term capital spending requirements. Moreover, there will be no incremental redistribution requirements imposed by the tax gain generated by the sale to Newport Beach Marriott due to a combination of the first quarter common cash dividend was paid in April 2020, and the anticipated net operating tax loss to be incurred by Host, Inc. in 2020, 2020 also. We also completed the second closing on the sale of development land at The Phoenician bringing our total land sales at that asset to approximately $83 million this year. As we have discussed in the past, the sale of this land wasn't in our underwriting when we acquired the hotel in 2015. However, it was a part of our vision to unlock the tremendous value we saw on The Phoenician. We're pleased to have executed an incredibly complex rezoning entitlement process by solving multiple technical issues. In so doing, we have successfully monetized approximately 38 acres of non-income producing land and created value for our stockholders, while retaining an additional 21.5 acres of land to create further value through a combination of future sales or resort expansion. The buyer plans to build approximately 165 luxury condominium units, 85 single-family homes, and 30 villas on these parcels, and residents will have the option to purchase an amenity program with The Phoenician to access resort amenities and other services. We anticipate that this building demand will help drive food and beverage spa and golf revenues at the resort. To conclude on our near-term objectives, we further enhanced our liquidity position by issuing a total of $750 million of Series I Senior Notes in two substantially oversubscribed tranches resulting in an attractive coupon of 3.5% and a reoffer yield of 3.6% to 3.7%. In contraction our Series I issuance, we completed a tender offer of our 4.75% Series E senior notes due 2023, with an approximately 81% participation rate. As a result, we further augmented our cash position by $343 million, while extending our average debt maturity and maintaining our weighted average interest rate. Shifting to our longer-term objectives, we're working with our operators to redefine our operating model. Cross utilization of management functions, and a reduction in the fixed component of above property charges are two of the biggest contributors to our long-term cost savings target of $100 million to $150 million, which is based on 2019 revenues and represents approximately 3% to 4% of pro forma 2019 hotel-level expenses. To-date, our operators have made solid progress on both of these priorities, as they restructure their workforce and their above property shared services for sales, marketing, revenue management, and IT. We remain deeply committed to working with our operators to create long-term efficiencies that will allow us to generate greater profitability at lower levels of occupancy. A more profitable operating model would not only make for a faster recovery to 2019 EBITDA levels, but it will also improve the long-term value of our assets. Now turning to investments, let me begin with our capital investment plans for the portfolio. We believe our ability to continue to invest in our portfolio is a unique competitive advantage that will positively influence our relative performance and our growth trajectory throughout this lodging cycle. Although we have cut our 2020 maintenance CapEx budget by nearly 40%, we continue to invest in the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, as well as in other ROI projects. On a combined basis, these represent nearly 70% of our 2020 capital spend. Moreover, nearly 70% of our investment in the Marriott program will be complete by year-end 2020 and the entire program will be substantially completed by year-end 2022. As a result, we expect to gain RevPAR index share during the heart of the recovery. First, as we outperform the competition that is unable to invest this year and next: and, second, as we maintain our RevPAR index share gains when competitors disrupt their operations to renovate assets later in the cycle with 2022 likely being the first year that many to be able to meaningfully invest in their portfolios. The Coronado Island Marriott Resort & Spa for example, completed its Marriott transformational program renovations last year, and has improved its RevPAR index share by 9.8 points through August this year, compared with the same period in 2018. This is nearly three times the program's expectations of three to four points of index share gains. It has also outperformed the San Diego Downtown upper-upscale sub market by 16 points year-to-date, implying over $2 million in incremental room revenues. Moving on to acquisition opportunities and the transaction markets, a record 26% of CMBS Hotel loans were in special servicing in September 2020 compared with 1.9% in December 2019. And 70% of hotel loans are either in special servicing or on special servicing watchlist according to TREPP Research. Delinquency rates are expected to move higher as forbearance agreements start to roll-off. Additionally, some hotel owners who were hoping for a speedy recovery may not be able to sustain the cash outflows required to service their indebtedness and may decide to throw in the tile. So although we don't see high quality assets trading at this time, we continue to focus on opportunities where we can leverage our competitive advantages, such as deep owner, broker and operator relationships, and our ability to do large transactions. Our reputation for providing speed and certainty of closing and ability to offer tax advantaged structures to sellers are additional distinguishing factors. To conclude, our near-term objectives aim to lower our cash burn and maximize our liquidity while our longer-term objectives are designed to drive faster EBITDA recovery by structurally improving margins, gaining market share and acquiring assets. With $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion of expected total available liquidity at year-end, we believe, we have the ability to withstand prolonged business disruption and capitalize on opportunities for growth. We entered this crisis as one of the lodging REITs with the lowest leverage and greatest balance sheet capacity and believe these remain key attributes that are necessary to create meaningful long-term value in this new lodging cycle. With that, I will turn the call over to Sourav.
Sourav Ghosh: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. Building on Jim's comments, our third quarter top-line performance improved from the historic lows reported in the second quarter. RevPAR for the third quarter declined by 84.1% year-over-year compared with a 93% year-over-year decline in the second quarter. Year-over-year occupancy and ADR declines both improved on a sequential basis as we reopened 20 hotels in the third quarter and summer leisure travel bolstered overall hotel demand. Compared to STR Data for U.S. upper tier hotels in our top markets, our total portfolios ADR declines were 150 basis points better than the industry's. We outperformed on average occupancy in 11 of our top markets in the third quarter. However, our overall occupancy declines were 370 basis points greater than STR, primarily because our portfolio has more hotels in prime, downtown location than the industry does. Notably, our RevPAR was in line or better than the industry's in our resort oriented markets such as Jacksonville, Florida Gulf Coast, Miami, Phoenix, and Hawaii, as well as in Northern Virginia and New York, where we benefited from crew business and corporate room blocks. Our operators continue to be able to preserve and in some cases to even exceed rates versus the same time last year at properties that are high in demand, especially on strong compression dates such as national holidays. For example, our Florida Coastal Resorts delivered 22% year-over-year ADR growth in September. In general, rate doesn't appear to be driving occupancy to the extent it normally would in a downturn. Customers are more sensitive to cleanliness and sanitization standards than to room rates. We therefore remain hopeful that rate degradation will be less severe than in prior downturns and that branded hotels will benefit from having stringent cleanliness standards to help gain customer trust and strong loyalty programs to help drive demand. Shifting to non-rooms revenues. Third quarter food and beverage revenues on a pro forma basis declined by approximately 90% year-over-year due to a 96.5% reduction in banquet and AV revenue, and an 81% reduction in outlet revenue. At our open resort properties however, outlet revenues per occupied room were nearly 28% higher year-over-year, as leisure transient guests continued to dine on property during their stay. While other revenues included approximately $10 million of group and attrition and cancellation fees, we do not expect to recognize material cancellation and attrition revenues related to the pandemic going forward, as we continue to prioritize the rebooking of group business. So literally top-line numbers for October reflect a gradual but steady month-over-month improvement with October RevPAR at approximately $37 compared to September RevPAR of $34.64, driven by 20.7% occupancy and an approximately $179 ADR. Year-over-year RevPAR declined by approximately 82% and was almost the same as the year-over-year RevPAR decline reported in September. Looking at November, we expect top-line performance to be negatively impacted by the Election this week, but are hopeful that demand will gradually improve around the holidays. Although visibility remains limited, as the length of the booking window remains extremely short, our portfolio is generally well-positioned to capture short lead time demand, as we now have 75 of 79 hotels representing 94% of our total room count open. Speaking of reopenings, let me provide you with a brief update on Hawaii, which reopened to tourists on October 15. Travelers, who get a COVID-19 test, no more than 72 hours before departure, and show proof of a negative test upon arrival, are now exempt from the mandatory 14-day quarantine rule. Multiple airlines and airports are now offering rapid COVID-19 testing for Hawaii bound passengers thereby enabling a gradual return of tourists to the islands. For November, occupancy on the books is currently ranging between 20% to 35% across our four properties in Maui, and Oahu. Moreover November through January transient ADR pace for our hotels in Hawaii is up 3.8% year-over-year. Moving on to expenses, we worked with our operators to reduce third quarter hotel operating costs by over 65% year-over-year, excluding the $43 million of severance paid in the quarter. Although operators recorded a $23 million reduction in expenses related to the Employee Retention Credit received in the third quarter, this benefit was more than offset by $31 million of healthcare benefits paid to furloughed employees. As a reminder, we accrued $32 million for that expense in the second quarter. In the third quarter, we accrued an additional $26 million for similar payments that will be made in the fourth quarter. As previously disclosed, we expect to incur another $16 million to $26 million of severance expense in the fourth quarter, as our operators continue to reevaluate the workforce structure and implement changes that are expected to lead to a more efficient operating model in the long-term. We have worked closely with our operators to minimize expenses in the third quarter, despite reopening more hotels and achieving greater levels of occupancy. Fixed costs declined 46% year-over-year, excluding the employee retention credit, which is remarkable when you consider that a significant portion of the remaining fixed expenses consists of property, taxes and insurance. The quarter-over-quarter increase in the fixed costs was largely due to improving business levels and increased maintenance, utilities and contract service costs at the 20 hotels that were reopened during the third quarter. Variable costs were down 85.5% on a total revenue decline of 84% year-over-year. Since April, variable cost declines have broadly matched revenue declines, while ongoing wage and benefit costs have only slightly increased with improving volumes. Hotel management teams have implemented productivity saving protocols, restructured food and beverage platforms, and improved the cross utilization of associates. As an example, our operators have more than offset the cost increase associated with revised cleanliness protocols by driving productivity improvements in housekeeping. For the fourth quarter, we believe, we'll see continued cost containment for wages and benefits and variable expenses where cost reductions mirror reductions in overall volume. With regards to fixed costs, the brands have already communicated reductions in above property costs. Moreover, we would also expect the tax benefit we experienced at the corporate level in the third quarter to continue along the same trajectory. 15 hotels delivered a hotel-level operating profit for the entire third quarter with 18 hotels, recording a hotel-level operating profit in September, excluding the impact of the Employee Retention Credit. At the hotel EBITDA level, we're breaking even in the 35% to 45% occupancy range when ADR is down 15% to 30% in line with the estimates we provided in April. Assuming the inclusion of corporate level expenses for interest and corporate G&A of approximately $20 million per month on average, we would break-even at occupancy levels of approximately 45% and 60% at the same ADR decline levels of 15% to 30%. As you think of our past EBITDA break-even and subsequent growth, it is important to note that once we achieve hotel break-even for the consolidated portfolio, we would expect operating expenses to ramp commensurate with business volumes. Therefore, we would expect to remain at break-even within a range of occupancy before inflecting upward. Moving on to cash burn. As Jim noted, we expect fourth quarter above property corporate level monthly cash outflows to be higher than the third quarter, largely due to the timing of CapEx and interest payments. At the hotel-level, if operational performance remains at third quarter levels, we would expect an operating loss of approximately $40 million a month, excluding the benefit of the Employee Retention Credit. Based on this scenario, overall fourth quarter cash burn would be higher than the third quarter and in the range of approximately $95 million to $105 million a month. Of this amount, approximately $35 million a month is related to our CapEx program. I would like to note that we haven't provided a hotel-level cash burn breakdown for each month of the third quarter because the lumpiness of cash inflows and outflows may make monthly level disclosures misleading. For example, September includes the operating profit guarantee for the Marriott Transformational Capital Program, as well as the employee retention credit and would therefore not provide an accurate run rate for subsequent months. As Jim mentioned, we successfully refinanced debt in transactions that further strengthen our liquidity by $343 million, while extending our weighted average debt maturity, and maintaining our weighted average interest rate. This combined with approximately $265 million of net proceeds from the sale of the Newport Beach Marriott, and the land The Phoenician further maximizes our liquidity, which can be deployed in multiple ways to create value for our shareholders. To conclude, although limited visibility continues to make forecasting extremely challenging, we continue to focus on what we can influence, which includes minimizing our cash burn and maximize on the liquidity in the near-term, while working with our operators to redefine the hotel operating model, and investing in our assets, so they may outperform over the long-term. Similarly, the strength of our balance sheet and liquidity position allows us to endure an unprecedented crisis today, while enabling us to be opportunistic and grow shareholder value in the future. And with that, we'll now open it up to Q&A. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Hey, good morning, good afternoon, as the case may be you guys.
Jim Risoleo: Good morning, Rich, good afternoon, as the case may be to you.
Rich Hightower: Exactly. A lot of ground we could cover here, but I guess one question I want to talk about, maybe the impediments to stronger sort of group business bookings, as we think about the second half of next year and beyond. And if you had to sort of weight the different factors that might be holding that back, I mean, is it public health or is it sort of corporate profits, and companies thinking about their budgets, I mean between those two or maybe other factors, what do you think might be the biggest hindrance at this point? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Rich, Sourav can jump in on the way here. I'll start. I think it's the whole backup routine, generally in bookings, both on the business transient side and the group side is related to a couple of things. Number one, government restrictions and that's being driven by public health concerns. So I think we -- as we've talked many times, we're not going to see business return to any sense of normalcy until we have an effective vaccine or vaccines or therapeutics combined with the vaccine. That said, we did talk about -- I think Sourav talked in his comments or maybe it was mine about what we're seeing happen next year with respect to group cancellations. It's clear to us with Connect 2020 being held at Orlando World Center, the meeting planners want to get groups back on the road and in hotels, it's very important for associations to meet and for corporate groups to come together as well. So our mix from 2017 into 2019 average mix, group business was roughly on a revenue basis, call it 35% Association, 47% corporate, and 18% other, which is really smurf. I would tell you that, we're seeing a strong desire on the part of association business to come back, and we're all praying that we have an effective vaccine. So we can talk about how group pace is looking into 2022 and beyond. And I'll let Sourav take that.
Sourav Ghosh: Sure. So, Rich, I think more than pace, what we're focused on right now as we've talked about last quarter was really the tentative booking which was waiting in the sidelines because pace obviously as you would expect is down because of the uncertainty. But the tentative bookings have really pushed to the second half of next year. Right now, our tentative revenue on the books is up 32%. But clearly, people do want to meet, it's just a matter of like Jim said, when they're comfortable traveling again, and that's obviously a broader concern. The other stat obviously we did book, which is encouraging, we booked 300,000 rooms in the third quarter for 2022 to 2024, so for future years and compare that to same time last year, it's only down about 45,000 rooms. And from an ADR perspective, the other encouraging thing is ADRs for the rooms that we booked is less than a point down to same time last year, so again, encouraging trends when you look out into the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good afternoon. Question on transaction, do you still think that you'll see an increase in activity in the overall environment for transactions in let's say the first half of next year and a lot of your peers have talked about structures like JVs and club deals and other kind of alternative ways to start acquiring hotels? Would you consider those, as you start to ramp-up your activity?
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, I think we would be very open to exploring club deals and JVs off-balance-sheet format if it made sense to us. We're in a unique position where under our existing credit facility waiver agreement, we can acquire up to $1.5 billion of hotels that have existing liquidity subject to maintaining $500 million of liquidity in the company. And as we discussed, we expect assuming that the fourth quarter trends mirror the third quarter trends and we're very pleased with how October has played out that will have $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion of available liquidity at the end of this year, taking us into next year. So I think that not only our club deals available. As you know, we were very successful in putting together a club deal in Europe with GIC and APG, the Euro JV where we acquired over 20 hotels as general partner and we would be very happy to do something like that again in the U.S. if the opportunity presented itself. One of the other distinguishing factors that we have available to us on the acquisition side is the ability to issue operating partnership units, that is truly distinguishing given the liquidity in our stock. And just the share of, I think we're trading on average now close to 14 million shares of stock a day. And it gives an owner the opportunity to provide some liquidity, but to provide the upside as well, going forward. So provide the upside in Host as our EBITDA continues to improve and our stock price continues to improve as well. So, to answer your question about what do we expect to see, every indication is and we're talking to a lot of people about this. Every indication is that come the first half of next year, as forbearance periods weigh, start to expire. And as owners who are in the unfortunate position where they don't have the liquidity, or they choose to not fund debt service payments and other expenses, we expect to see a significant number of properties come to market. So the answer is yes to both your questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Dori Kesten: Hi, thanks, guys. You detailed in your release your reasoning for drawing down your revolver in the quarter. And when would you expect to be out from under that bond covenant minimum? And are there any other similar constraints that we should be keeping an eye on at this point?
Jim Risoleo: Dori, it's awfully difficult to speculate when we would be out from underneath debt incurrence test. I think a lot of it is going to depend on how quickly we have a vaccine and how quickly it's rolled out to the public. And when businesses are comfortable sending people on the road, which as I -- you know, in answering Rich's question, I mean we have a lot of government restrictions out there. We're going to have to see the restrictions loosen, and I don't think that various government authorities are going to be prepared to do that until we have a vaccine. So the short answer is, we don't know, whenever the debt incurrence test will -- we will come back in compliance with the debt incurrence test. We don't have any other issues that you should be aware of today. We're in very good shape. We've done a -- I think, a very good job, an amendable job of raising another $600 million of cash this quarter and a very opportunistic and low cost way. So, we're today focused on reducing expenses, putting the portfolio in a position where we can outperform when the markets do open up and maximizing our liquidity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Stefan [ph] for Smedes. You spoke a little bit in the opening remarks of the break-even rate. So in that scenario, would you be more focused on driving occupancy before stepping rate just given the cost savings you're targeting or and then just to that how are you also thinking about margin kind of with shift in the business mix? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, I'll take the first part and then Sourav can jump in. So clearly, our margins will perform better, if we can drive rate at the expense of occupancy, it will just provide for better flow through to the bottom line. And we won't have the incremental cost associated with housekeeping and other expenses associated with having more rooms occupied. That's not to say that we're not going to take every, every room night that we can. But as we think about margin performance, the better margin performance is driven by rate going forward. And, we're very, very pleased with the fact that we're not seeing the rate degradation that we've seen in other recovery periods. When we look at what happened after 9/11 and what happened after the Great Recession. So, fingers crossed that that continues to be the trend going forward. And I'll let Sourav talk a little bit about how we think about break-even occupancy and ADR.
Sourav Ghosh: So from a mix perspective, that was your second part of the question and how we're managing margins. Despite changes in mix right now the situation we're in is most of our revenues is coming in, is really rooms only revenue. So reality is whether we look at leisure business or group any business coming in because it's primarily rooms only. Our focus is really on expenses that can really reduce and drive higher margins at the rooms' level. Food and beverage outlets in a lot of cases are running in limited operations and as we have said before, before we bring back on any food and beverage offerings, we're ensuring it's actually profitable and we drive profit to the bottom line. From a margin perspective, it's obviously is a lower margin business, but at the end of the day, we're looking at EBITDA dollars, not necessarily EBITDA margin. So once revenues do recover and -- and we're sort of in a position where we're getting back to pre-COVID levels of revenue, then the focus will be on margin expansion. And as we have messaged before, we're really focused on driving the $100 million to $150 million of incremental EBITDA compared to 2019 levels. And we have made quite a bit of progress on that. And a lot of it is tied to the food and beverage department, where there's been significant level of management of reduction. The severance that we had in the third quarter is directly tied to reduction of almost 30% of management headcount, which we believe is going to be a permanent reduction going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. And then just one more on transaction, can you just talk about competitive positioning versus private equity or other additional kind of capital, just given basically higher leverage. And then as you think about potential acquisitions or dispositions, whether there's market you'd like to add exposure to or exit?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, I'll take the second part of the question, first. We're generally market agnostic, we do believe that maintaining broad geographic diversification is a way to run the business. That said, some markets are going to open up better and sooner than other markets. So we will take all that into consideration in our underwriting criteria as we evaluate opportunities going forward. With respect to competitive positioning, I just make an observation that today, the debt markets are generally closed for the level of debt that private equity firms typically need to drive their returns there -- there levered returns in the high teens to low 20s or call it, mid-teens to low 20s. So we're not seeing any really competition out there today. In fairness, there's just not a lot of products on the market right now. I mean, we're evaluating every deal that we would deem to be attractive. We haven't come across anything that that meets our underwriting criteria, given the facts and circumstances of where we're in the cycle and in the recovery phase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
David Katz: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for all the detail and thanks for taking my questions. And Jim, I will admit, I've gone back and forth just a little bit. But I wanted to just get your updated thoughts about discussions with the largest brands, and the degree to which they can and are reevaluating the value that they deliver and what you frankly, what you pay for it, and what we can recently expect to sort of come out of all this, what your view of success really is?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. Well, I think what the brands deliver to us is a testament to the way we have been able to grow the business in a very challenged environment. And, we love the fact that the brands are listening today, and I'll let Sourav jump in on this in a few minutes. They heard us loud and clear, they heard us with respect to brand standards. As you know, that there are roughly 300 brand standards at the major brands, and that would be Marriott, Hyatt, and Hilton, and we have worked closely with them to reevaluate each of those standards going forward. And it relates to the most basic David, food and beverage offerings, when the restaurants have to be open, how long do they have to be open, what you have to offer to your customers. The fact that we're talking about and seeing and I'm going to let Sourav give a little more detail on this, and seeing a true reduction in expenses of between $100 million to $150 million based on 2019 pro forma performance, I think is a strong testament to the fact that the brands get it today. They're one with us when it comes to understanding the challenges that owners face. And we interface with both brands, our two major operators, Marriott and Hyatt on a weekly basis. So Sourav you want to talk a little bit about how -- what sort of progress we're making on $100 million to $150 million?
Sourav Ghosh: Sure, hey David. So I would start by saying that Marriott has actually restructured and reduced above property shared services, for sales and marketing, revenue management and IT and are right now working towards reductions of their program Shared Services fees for the following year. For this year, Hyatt has also reduced the fixed component of their above property IT costs by 15% and chain marketing fees by as much as 50%. And moving forward, they're really committed to making their fees more variable, so that the cost is actually tied to exactly what you were talking about the value proposition to the owner. In terms of the $100 million to $150 million the way we think about it is, we would expect that long-term, there'll be permanent reduction of the fixed portion of the above property cost by as much as 10% to 20%. So putting that into the context of dollars that would be somewhere between $20 million to $25 million of that $100 million to $150 million. Obviously, I would remind everybody that's tied to 2019 revenues. So assuming we get back to 2019 revenues, we'd be on the above property fees $20 million to $25 million of savings with a 10% to 20% reduction of the fixed piece of the above property costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lukas Hartwich with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Lukas Hartwich: Hey, good morning, Jim. So when looking at forward group bookings, I'm just curious, what the curve looks like? Is it a gradual rate of improvement in activity over time? Or is there kind of a point on the calendar where things really start to hockey stick?
Sourav Ghosh: Hey Lukas, right now. Sorry go ahead.
Jim Risoleo: Go ahead.
Sourav Ghosh: I think right now, what's happening is even for future bookings, the encouraging thing like I was saying there is booking activity for future years; however their activity is definitely lower than what you would have expected, because there are folks waiting on the sidelines. That's why you have a lot of tentative bookings, but not necessarily definite on the books, looking at the future years. However, there isn't really cancellations that are taking place. And that's encouraging. It's just that the booking activity is somewhat sort of, I would say is slower than you would typically expect, because of all the uncertainty exists in the short-term.
Lukas Hartwich: Right. In terms of that tentative demand that's kind of waiting on the sidelines, is there a sense of knowing their mind? Are they thinking, well, third quarter next year is really fumble strongly consider booking some business. Is there some point in mind that these meeting planners where they're thinking -- where they're going to get serious about booking? Or is it kind of more of a gradual increase in just latency?
Jim Risoleo: I think your third quarter timeframe is the right timeframe, Lukas. I mean, everyone feels that the first half of next year is going to be -- continue to be challenging. And that when we do get a vaccine, it's going to take some time to get it rolled out among the population. So people are looking at the second half of next year and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Woronka: Hey, good afternoon, guys. I was hoping to drill down maybe a little bit on the actual property costs. You guys cover a lot of ground on shared services and above property, but how much of an opportunity do you see on some of these labor initiatives like no stay over housekeeping and changing up some of the food and beverage operations, how much of that realistically do you think you can make permanent, are the brands willing to accept that or the customers willing to accept it?
Jim Risoleo: I think on the housekeeping side Chris, it is really going to be opt-in to housekeeping services as opposed to opt-out going forward. And it's going to vary on, frankly, the type of property we have and the personal profile of the customer. There are going to be some customers, if they're staying at one of our luxury hotels, who are going to continue to demand housekeeping on a daily basis. And depending on different types of properties, customers may not very well, they may not want people in their rooms, to clean the rooms as long as they can get clean linens and towels and bathroom amenities that they need delivered to the front door. So, with respect to food and beverage, I think that we have seen a meaningful change on the F&B side going forward. I don't think you're going to see as one example, breakfast, buffets or likely hot breakfast buffets are likely to be a thing of the past. Hot offerings in the M Clubs and the highest concierge lounges are likely to be a thing of the past. So those are going to be permanent cost savings. I don't know Sourav; you have anything else you want to add, with respect to how we're thinking about the operating model?
Sourav Ghosh: Yes, I think the only thing I would add is what this pandemic sort of has allowed us to do is really look at zero-based budgeting and ground-up budgeting, and tie that with what the value proposition is to the customer and not only to the customer, but also from a brand perspective what the value proposition is to the owner. So at the property level, it's really understanding what the customer wants, and what the customer needs, and how we would shift the operating model based on that. So the minimum sort of base labor standards are being completely redefined. So going forward, and it's complete, it's going to be tied to what Jim talked about earlier is how brand standards get reevaluated based on customer preferences. So this is an opportunity where were able to actually do a zero-based budgeting roundup budgets to figure out what is the right labor model. And that's where we're pretty confident; we think we're going to get savings not only from a housekeeping perspective, but from food and beverage, particularly in the kitchen department, as well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Jim Risoleo for closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. As always, we appreciate the opportunity to discuss our results with you. I look forward to talking to you, we all look forward to talking to you next week or the week after at NAREIT and over the coming weeks and months. So please, everyone stay healthy and stay positive. We'll all get through this and I wish you all good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Webcast [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would like to turn the call over to your host Ms. Tejal Engman, Vice President of Investor Relations for Host Hotels & Resorts. Please go ahead.
Tejal Engman: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we begin please note that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our Web site at hosthotels.com. Participating in today's call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian Macnamara, Principal Financial Officer and Controller; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President Strategy and Analytics. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Tejal and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We hope that all of you are staying safe and healthy during these extraordinary times. The lodging industry experienced a challenging second quarter with record revPAR declines in April followed by a slight improvement in lodging demand through May and June, working with our operators we responded swiftly to the changing demand landscape by reducing our second quarter hotel operating expenses by 72% year-over-year. As states and markets began to ease their lockdowns, our portfolio achieved over 100% hotel revenue growth from the lows of $24 million in April to $49 million in June. Toward the end of the second quarter, we successfully amended our credit agreement and achieved outstanding terms that preserve our liquidity and retain our flexibility to capitalize on value enhancing investment opportunities. All-in-all, we emerged from the most challenging quarter on record for Host and the travel industry with significantly lower operating costs, greater balance sheet flexibility and access to $2.5 billion of liquidity. Starting with operations, our second quarter expense reductions and revenue growth were driven by exceptionally agile asset management and the swift reaction of our world-class operators. As lodging demand plumbed a record lows in April, we worked with our operators to suspend operations at 35 hotels, reduce hotel fix costs by approximately 50% and reduce overall hotel operating costs by 72% year-over-year. Cost savings were primarily driven by steep reductions and wage and benefit expenses and the fixed portion of above property allocated cost, as well as by suspending most brand standards and contributions to hotels FF&E reserve accounts. At operational hotels, our managers significantly scaled down operations by closing guest room floors and meeting spaces. When leisure demand began improving through May and June, we swiftly pivoted to reopen hotels and work with our operators to drive 380 basis points of average occupancy gains and a 50% increase in average room rates across the portfolio from April to June. As of yesterday 64 of 80 our consolidated hotels representing 78% of our total room count were operational. We prioritized reopening eight suspended hotels located in drive two leisure markets including Florida, San Diego, Phoenix, San Antonio and Orange County as these markets captured leisure demand and delivered higher second quarter revPAR than the rest of our portfolio. We currently expect another six hotels to reopen in August with operational rooms representing nearly 90% of our total room count by month end. As a reminder, we work with our operators to reopen a property when it's expected to sustain approximately 10% to 15% occupancy levels. At those levels, we expect incremental revenues to exceed the incremental cost of being operational, resulting in marginally lower EBITDA losses. Our preference is for hotels to remain operational rather than suspended because an operational property is capable of capturing spontaneous, short-term demand and better position to attract future demand when the market begins to recover. All that said we continually review our hotel's occupancy trends and won't hesitate to suspend a hotel's operations when the marginal benefit of remaining operational turns negative. For instance, we are currently reviewing the New York and San Francisco markets. New York has been slow to reopen with the recent pause on indoor dining and the cancellation of the 2020 United Nations General Assembly and New York Marathon events, while San Francisco has enacted an onerous costly and unnecessary operating ordinance. As we deliver both significant expense reductions and gradual revenue improvement, we reduced our hotel level operating loss by nearly 50% from $73 million in April to $37 million in June. Our hotel level monthly operating loss averaged $54 million while above property corporate level monthly cash flows averaged $79 million in the second quarter with a latter reflecting a concentration of CapEx which is expected to decrease by approximately $100 million in the second half of the year. We ended the second quarter with $2.5 billion of available liquidity which includes $750 million of available capacity under the revolver portion of the credit facility, as well as over $150 million of FF&E escrow reserves. Assuming operational performance remains at second quarter levels, we would expect approximately to $100 million to $110 million of total monthly cash outflows, reflecting an average hotel level loss of approximately $50 million a month as well as estimated capital expenditures interest payments and general corporate overhead. In this scenario, we would expect to end with approximately $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion of total available liquidity. If operational performance remains at second quarter 2020 levels beyond year end, we would have ample liquidity until mid-2022 even with CapEx near 2020 levels subject to continued covenant waivers for our credit agreement. Moving on to our balance sheet. Our quarter end leverage ratio as defined in our credit facility was at 4.6x. Our interest coverage ratio was at 4.4x and our fixed charge coverage ratio was at 2.7x, all of which were within the limits specified in our prior credit facility covenants. With the amended credit agreement in place, our quarterly tested financial covenants were waived beginning July 1st, 2020 through the second quarter of 2021, with testing to resume for the third quarter of 2021. Although, the duration of this pandemic induced crisis remains unknown. We continue to expect our liquidity position and balance sheet capacity to remain key comparative strengths that differentiate Host is one of the few lodging REITs that is less likely to need to issue equity expressly to delever its balance sheet. Shifting to business performance. We saw clear signs of a recovery in consumer demand through May and June as state and market lockdowns began to ease. Our booking pace indicated a solid pickup in June and the trend leading into the third quarter but has since decelerated since daily infection rates in certain markets have spiked. 13 of our Top 20 markets have regressed their open reopening phases in the last three to four weeks while the other seven remain in their existing phase. Needless to say this trend has impacted our reopening plans. When Hawaii announced that on August 1st, they would lift the 14-day quarantine requirement for travelers who test negative for COVID-19 up to 72 hours prior to arrival, the on the books occupancy for our Mowry resorts quickly reached mid-teens. We therefore expected to reopen Andaz Maui and the Fairmont Kilani in august but have now delayed our reopening plans as Hawaii has extended the quarantine through at least the end of August. Surprisingly, we saw some group business in the second quarter despite the absence of a vaccine or an effective therapeutic. Excluding New York, which benefit from COVID-19 related emergency services group business, traditional group business showed signs of improvement as it grew from 1,700 room nights sold in April to 12,855 sold in June. For the whole portfolio, business transient room nights grew 150% to 12,459 room nights in June after bottoming at 4,850 room nights in April. While business transient demand has primarily been driven by defense contractors, we have begun to see consulting related business travel in July. Government transient room nights also improved from 650 room nights in April to 6,450 room nights in June. Finally, contract business held up relatively well in the second quarter, with 43,000 contract room nights sold in the quarter. Our San Antonio hotels increased airline crew volume year-over-year, while New York Airport, Hyatt Place, Waikiki and Grand Hyatt Buckhead all saw production improved throughout the quarter. As of June, our properties have 1.8 million group rooms on the books for the full year 2020, down nearly 62% from 4.6 million group rooms same time last year. Our total group revenue pace is down 81% in the third quarter and 49% in the fourth quarter. And we continue to expect group cancellations in the second half of the year. We have rebooked approximately $120 million of canceled total group revenues with an additional $96 million in the pipeline that collectively represent nearly 21% of the total group revenue that cancel this year. We are also working with our operators to find creative ways to fill the demand gap, with long-term group walks from schools, sports associations and corporates. For example, Houston Airport Marriott received a large corporate group booking of 175 rooms per night from July to December, in addition to another corporate group booking of 100 per night on a month to month basis. The rooms are being used to quarantine COVID-19 negative employees for 14- days prior to International deployment. Looking at next year, we are experiencing a high single digit deceleration in our total group revenue booking pace for 2021, as measured by definite revenues on the books. With most of the deficit concentrated in the first half of next year and minimal impact to the second half. Our tentative revenues, however, are tracking nearly 30% ahead of the same time last year, reflecting robust pent-up demand that's waiting for the current health and safety risks to subside. Our business outlook depends upon how quickly we as a nation can flatten the rate of new COVID-19 infections, while we await a more effective solution, which we expect will take the form of a vaccine. In the interim, increasing consumers' confidence and our industry has never been more important. The major hotel brands have been proactive in creating, implementing and communicating new cleanliness and health and safety standards, including corporate requirements for face coverings to be worn within indoor public spaces. These safety protocols help address the risk of contagion and establish trust with consumers specifically at Marriott long known for consistency and reliability, we expect their commitment to clean program to resonate with both business and leisure customers alike. Encouragingly, as a percentage of second quarter revenues, our direct sales through Marriott Dotcom increased 400 basis points over last year, compared with sales through OTAs increasing by 200 basis points. As we have consistently said, Host benefits from our strong affiliation with world class hotel brands. We continue to believe that beyond strong loyalty programs, brand trust and reliability will be differentiators that will help most outperform during the recovery. We remain deeply committed to redefining our operating model with the immediate goal of achieving breakeven as soon as possible and the longer-term goal of generating higher profit profitability and lower levels of occupancy. In the 2009 recession, several operating expense line items were significantly reduced and continued to improve through the cycle downturns compel owners and operators to re-evaluate brand standards, programs and above property expenses and exercise that can result in long term savings and a healthier hotel operating model that better serves customers changing needs. To that end, we are working with our operators to deliver permanent cost savings at the hotel level through the following three key initiatives. First, to achieve a long-term reduction in the fixed component of above property charges. Second, to adopt productivity enhancing technology, such as the use of mobile key. And third, to drive efficiencies through the cost utilization of management functions. While achieving these long-term permanent cost savings is conditional upon reaching an agreement with our operators, we have analyzed the potential benefit they could have on our operating model. Based on 2019 revenues, we believe these measures have the potential to reduce annual hotel level expenses for our current portfolio by an aggregate $100 million to $150 million, which represents approximately 3% to 4% pro forma 2019 hotel level expenses. Turning to our supply outlook, although there has been little evidence of a material decline in supply so far, there is a historical pattern of supply rationalization after large demand shocks, when we look at the historical supply trajectory for the top 60 to 70 markets, rooms under construction and major markets fell by 68%, two years after the peak of 2008 and were down 77% by mid-2011. We therefore expect supply will be mitigated over the long-term, with rooms under construction declining overtime, and likely bottoming at even lower levels than in the last recession, given a significantly greater degree of distress. In addition, we expect record levels of permanent hotel closures due to the unprecedented level of distress in the market. According to Trup, the lodging delinquency rate has risen from 2.7% in April to 19% in May, and has reached approximately 24% in June. Our analysis indicates and nearly 30% of upper tier hotels and our top 20 markets are temporarily closed. Seven hotels in our top 20-markets are reported to a permanently close already and we expect more of the temporary closures to become permanent.  To conclude, we have experienced four months of significant economic uncertainty as our nation lockdown began to reopen, flattened infection rates in certain markets and experienced sharp increases and others. Although, we expect economic uncertainty to prevail until the health and safety risks posed by the pandemic are fully addressed, we are encouraged by the following. First, our operators' ability to adapt the operating model to record low levels of demand by reducing our hotel level operating costs by 72%. Our goal is to make a portion of these cost reductions permanent and to achieve higher levels of profitability and lower levels of occupancy. Second, is the resilience of lodging demand, which began to return as states and markets reopened and as our booking trends indicated, would have been greater had infection rates continue to flatten rather than rise. Although, there is some debate about the future of business travel as professionals grow accustomed to virtual meetings, we would note that U.S. occupancy has achieved higher peaks following the last three downturns, including 9/11, when many believed air travel would be permanently impacted. While speculating on long-term behavioral trends in the midst of the biggest global health and safety crisis in a century is likely to be unproductive. Business transient and group business customers have a proven track record of choosing the effectiveness of in person interactions, despite the efficiency of video conferencing technology. Finally, we are confident in the strategic advantages provided by our financial capacity to withstand prolonged business disruption. Host is different in its potential to not only survive this crisis, but also to capitalize on future long-term value creation opportunities that meet our strategic objectives. We are excited to have entered a new cycle with the highest quality portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels in the company's history and likely in the lodging industry. When demand recovers, we believe that the quality of our assets, many of which will be newly renovated, will be a true differentiator that will help us gain RevPAR index share and outperform the industry. We continue to believe in the strength of both geographic and demand diversity through this cycle. Geographic diversity will serve us through an uneven recovery as various states and markets recover differently. While demand diversity will help us drive optimal revenue management and pricing through this cycle. My remarks would not be complete, if I didn't mention how conversations about confronting systemic racism have reverberated throughout our society. Diversity, equality and inclusion remain at the forefront of our priorities and integral to our corporate values. I was proud to recently join the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion Initiative and as an organization, Host remains committed to fostering these values in our company and our communities. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Macnamara: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, the volatility in the second quarter was unprecedented as the demand landscape changed over the course of the quarter. Although, second quarter RevPAR declined by 93% year-over-year, it grew 133% from the depths of the crisis in April through the end of June, when 10 of our hotels exceeded or were close to achieving breakeven EBITDA. For the quarter, we delivered a RevPAR of over $14 driven by average occupancy of 8.8% and an average room rate of approximately $162. Total RevPAR of approximately $23 benefited from $14 million of mostly COVID related group cancellation and attrition revenues recognized in the second quarter, compared to $10 million of similar revenues recognized in the first quarter. In the second half of this year, we do not expect to recognize any further cancellation and attrition revenues related to the pandemic, as we continue to prioritize the rebooking of group business. Our second quarter results include a $45 million for health care benefits and special pay for the nearly 80% of hotel level employees that have been furloughed. We have accrued $35 million for that expense in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we accrued an additional $32 million for similar payments that will be made in the third quarter. The decrease in the third quarter primarily reflects the reopening of several suspended properties since April. As Jim mentioned, we work closely with our operators to reduce expenses and have realized a 72% decrease in second quarter hotel level operating cost. Our wage and benefit expands during the quarter was approximately 81% lower, excluding one-time wage and benefit related special cost. Our variable costs decrease 93% due to lower occupancy, while our fixed cost, including fixed wage and benefits expenses were approximately 50% lower. The decrease in fixed costs was driven by wage and benefits above property cost relief, utility expense and property specific sales and marketing reductions that partially offset other fixed costs, such as property tax and insurance. Although long-term costs associated with revised cleanliness protocols are yet to be fully determined. We believe the cost increase will be more than offset by productivity improvements. Our operators provided significant cost relief for above property shared service and allocated costs, which are normally considered fixed. These costs include sales offices, rent revenue management, advertising, the program services funded Marriott, centralized human resources, accounting, payroll, as well as IT. systems and support. These fixed costs saw unprecedented reductions, with some allocated costs reduced by as much as two thirds. Overall, we reduced operating expenses by approximately 72% year-over-year at our low occupancy hotels, and by approximately 75% at hotels were suspended operations. For the third quarter, we believe we will see continued cost containment for wages, benefits and variable expenses with cost reductions mirror reductions in overall volume. With regards to fixed costs, while the brands have not communicated above property service cost target as yet. We expect utility and property specific sales and marketing cost reductions to continue. Moreover, we would also expect the tax benefit we experienced in the second quarter to continue along the same trajectory. Moving to revenues. Portfolio wide average occupancy declined by approximately 73 percentage points year-over-year to 8.8%. And our average daily room rate was down 35% but still nearly $162. We have generally found that our operators are able to preserve and in some cases to even exceed rates versus the same time last year at properties that are in high demand on strong compression dates, such as national holidays. For example, our Florida hotels delivered remarkable ADR growth of approximately 12% year-over-year with ADR for the month of June approximately $97 higher. Thus far, this downturn has distinguished itself by the fact that average rates decline are not driving occupancy to the extent that they normally would. Customers are more sensitive to cleanliness and sanitation standards than to room rates. We are hopeful that rate degradation will be less severe than in prior downturns. And that branded hotels will benefit from having stringent cleanliness standards that should help gain customer trust and strong loyalty programs that should help drive demand. Shifting to market performance, hotels and our drive to leisure markets, which include Phoenix, San Antonio, San Diego, Florida Gulf, Miami, and Jacksonville, we're running at 1.8% occupancy at the beginning of the quarter, and had progressed to 17.4% by the last week of June. Although the portfolio was in negative territory in the second quarter, markets with relatively better performance include Jacksonville, the Florida Gulf Coast, New York, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami and Atlanta. The Florida markets, excluding Orlando, benefited from leisure demand. The Ritz Carlton Amelia Island outperformed STRs, upper tier RevPAR in Jacksonville by 600 basis points, while our Miami hotels outperform their STRs peers by 250 basis points of RevPAR. Our hotels in New York and LA benefited from medical related business as well as the closure of hotels within those markets. It is estimated that 50% of New York hotel inventory is in suspended operations and that 20% of closed hotels In Manhattan May not reopen. In Atlanta, our hotels in the market benefited from short term transient demand, as well as crew contract business. Our worst performing markets in the second quarter were Orlando, Boston, Mallya Wahoo, New Orleans, Seattle, San Diego and San Francisco, largely due to suspended operations at several of our hotels in those markets through much of the second quarter. Turning to CapEx. At the outset of the pandemic, we reduced our expected 2020 capital expenditures by approximately $100 million and through the second quarter, we have completed almost 60% of the total CapEx spend we have planned for the year. We received $8 million of operating profit guarantees at the Marriott transformational capital program, year-to-date, and expect to receive another $12 million over the second half of the year. As Jim mentioned, we successfully amended our revolving credit facility and term loans at the end of June. In the amendment, we accomplished three key objectives. First, we bought our portfolio time to make inroads into the recovery. We suspended the testing of financial covenants through the second quarter of 2021, and gained additional flexibility to accommodate our portfolios recovery for three quarters following the covenant relief period. Second, we preserved our ability to capitalize on opportunistic value enhancing investments during this period of extreme dislocation. Under the waiver, we have the ability to acquire $1.5 billion of assets using our existing liquidity while maintaining certain minimum liquidity requirements. We have the ability to issue equity without any requirement to repay debt. We have preserved the flexibility to use $750 million of net proceeds from asset sales for reinvestment purposes. And lastly, we preserve the flexibility to spend up to $500 million in ROI CapEx during the covenant waiver period. This provides us the ability to continue value enhancing repositioning and development projects within the portfolio without experiencing revenue disruption, as well as to continue the Marriott transformational capital program, which benefits from operating profit guarantees. On behalf of the Host management team, I would like to thank the members of our Bank Group for their continued support. Looking forward for the rest of the year. We are not providing 2020 guidance at this time, due to the continued lack of visibility on the depth and duration of this crisis, the timing of the reopening of individual states and localities and the expected operating restrictions for businesses as well as individual company travel restrictions. Once again, we would note that in prior recessions peak to trough the client and hotel level EBITDA have been roughly twice as large as the peak to trough declines in RevPAR, although this 2:1 ratio should have deteriorated considerably in a near zero revenue environment. We believe that will continue to hold true for our portfolio due to the significant success in reducing fixed costs at the property level. Today, more than ever we believe that Host Hotels & Resorts is the premier lodging REIT in the industry. We have a high quality, well diversified portfolio, whose consistent performance is driven by strong in-house analytics and by working with the best operators in the business. We are the only investment grade balance sheet among lodging REITs, no significant debt maturities until 2023 and approximately $2.5 billion of available liquidity as of June 30th. We are well positioned to deal with this crisis and to continue to execute our strategic vision to create long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you. And with that, we will now be happy to take questions. To ensure, we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible. Please limit yourself to one question
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
AnthonyPowell: Hello, Good morning. Question on cash burn and capital allocation. How comfortable are you pursuing some of these opportunities like CapEx and acquisitions with cash burn at $50 million a month at the hotel level? Do you need to see cash burn come down more before you continue with your CapEx or would you consider maybe reducing CapEx, if cash burn want to stay to be levels for a long period of time?
JimRisoleo: Anthony, the way we're thinking about the business today is really quite simple, liquidity is king and we are being very thoughtful about how we're allocating funds for CapEx in 2021. We -- it's something we talk about as a management team all the time. And, if we don't see the situation improve, you can expect to see us cut back. With respect to potential acquisitions, although, from a capital allocation perspective, we have the flexibility to invest in up to $1.5 billion of acquisitions with existing liquidity subject to maintaining $500 million of liquidity. I'll make a couple comments with respect to that. Number one; there aren't many opportunities in the marketplace today. We expect to see investment opportunities the latter part of this year and into next year as special servicers and other lenders resolve issues with their borrowers and in some instances properties are going to come to market. In other instances properties are going to be recapped. But it's the same thought process with respect to buying hotels at this point in time. We have to be comfortable that we're going to have the right amount of liquidity to ride through the crisis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bellisario with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
MichaelBellisario: Good morning, everyone. Jim, you mentioned a big number of potential cost savings. Can you maybe give us some insight into the conversations that you're having with the brand and then how receptive they are to all those reductions that you listed?
JimRisoleo: Yes, I want to point out that the number that we discussed was between $100 million and $150 million in permanent cost savings. And we were very careful, Mike, to use the word potential cost savings, because we have to reach agreement with our operators. And it's going to take some time to implement the cost savings on a permanent basis. So, I would tell you that they are very receptive. I think you're going to see and you've already seen it at Hilton, as an example, a meaningful reduction in their corporate headquarters staff. I think you're likely to see it unfortunately, at the other brands as well. And those functions, in many instances relate to the shared services that are above property. And we think that there is a good potential that we are going to be able to achieve these cost savings overtime.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line a Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
ShaunKelley: Hi, good morning, everybody. Jim, can you talked -- you talked about a sequential setback or downturn in your markets. Could you give a little bit more color there? Do you think we see in the industry data that the industry has leveled off, but we haven't seen really a step function lower in occupancy levels, even in some of the Sunbelt markets? For the hotel data, we probably see more abrupt turnarounds and restaurant and other data. So, you can just give a little, maybe a little bit more color about what you're seeing in some of those. I think you call out 30-markets where there has been some regression; just a little bit more color there would be helpful.
JimRisoleo: Sure, absolutely. Shaun, as we think about it, maybe we were looking at the potential performance in an optimistic way. Because of the forward bookings we saw for the 4th of July weekend in particular, and I'll talk about one market that from our perspective was very meaningful and that is Miami Beach. We have the one hotel South Beach; we opened that property in early June. We saw good forward bookings. And going into the 4th of July weekend, we expected occupancy in the 70% plus range, it didn't materialize because they-- the mayor shut the beaches, shut the bars. As we all know, there was a surge in cases in Florida, and we ended-up running around 20% occupancy. So I think there's good news and bad news and what happened there, but the good news is that there is a lot of pent-up demand and whenever the virus is under control, we fully anticipate that people are going to get back on the road and continue to want to travel and to have a good experience in a luxury property. Obviously, the bad news is, there was a surge in cases and there's nothing we can do about that. I mean, we're all waiting as a nation to get the pandemic under control. And I think everyone's waiting for an effective vaccine or vaccines, or therapeutic to allow people to get back to business. So other markets continue to do well over the 4th of July. As an example, the Ritz -- two Ritz Carlton in Florida, the Ritz Naples and the Ritz Amelia Island, both ran occupancies in the 60s, and achieved ADRs of $600. Those rates were higher than same time last year. So again, we think if we hadn't seen the surge in cases in Florida then we would have done better than we did at those properties. So if I talk about seeing a deceleration, it's really based on our expectations.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
NeilMalkin: Hi, everyone. Good morning. I just wanted to go back to a group commentary you made a statement about 2021 group bookings being below this year. Just maybe one to get some more color and make sure I understand that and then with the group, maybe talk about the landscape for maybe the back half of next year, either in terms of people who have canceled in 2020 or incremental people, groups were maybe getting optimistic on what next year to look like?
JimRisoleo: Sure. I think the message around group was that our total group revenue pays for 2021 is down high single digits for next year over the same period of time last year. And most of the cancellations that have occurred in 2021 have occurred in the first quarter. So the business is hanging in there certainly for the second half of the year. We all hope it's going to show up, we all hope by the end that we are going to have a vaccine and/or therapeutic and we'll continue to see groups want to get back into the hotels and have their meetings. Again, the positive is that our tentative business for 2021 is 30% over the same time last year. So that just goes to prove that there is a lot of pent-up demand. And we are fully confident that the group will recover. We've always said that the way this recovery was going to play out was drive to leisure transient first with business transient second and which group last and I think that's exactly how things are playing out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Crow with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
BillCrow: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. Two-part question, one topic, which is long-term or permanent impairment. And the first part is on business travel, you sounded confident that you thought business travel would recover to previous levels and decided some historical information. But we've never really been stressed like this. And we've never had the technology that's been proven in such a way. So I'm just curious about your thoughts. Why we wouldn't see a 10% or 15% or 20% permanent impairment in business travel in the future? And the second thing is; are we seeing a long-term or permanent impairment in values of hotels in certain markets where the government reaction to COVID, the labor reaction to reopening might change investors' views? Thanks.
JimRisoleo: Sure. I'll take the second question first, Bill. I think it's too soon, really too soon to say what's going to happen to values over the long-term. I mean everybody in the public space is trading at a significant discount to replacement costs today. I think that we are probably less than 50% of replacement class. I mean we put some data on replacement costs in our investor presentation for everyone to see, and it's a very granular analysis that we provided. So some of the assets that are in the market today; at the height of the pandemic or trading a 20% discount to where they were valued at pre-COVID where they revalue February 1st. So I'm confident that that over time as cash flows recover, and as EBITDA recovers, that values for the most part across the country, will get back to pre-COVID levels and improve. I mean there are going to be some markets where-- I think it's going to be more challenging, quite frankly. And those are markets where you're still dealing with supply issues or you're dealing with high cost structures. And those assets might have a bit of a challenge maintaining their value going forward, but for the most part, I think we're going to get back to where we were pre-COVID and grow from there. And I'll just point out the fact that we have a very strong geographically diversified portfolio. So with no more than 11% of our EBITDA coming out of any one market. So we are very well positioned regardless of what happens going forward. And your question with respect to business transit, and whether or not business transit recovers to pre-COVID levels, I think that the technology has been helpful today. We're doing this on an earnings call and a couple different locations. And it's certainly not ideal and I know that we want -- we would all prefer to be in the same place, but we're being careful and thoughtful about safety and health as everyone else is, but I for one, and others are, I think I'm ready to get on the road. I'm done with zoom calls. I mean, we have had, on average 450 zoom video meetings a week at Host for the last six or seven weeks. So, I think it's good that to have zoom today. But we do think that the personal interaction is key notwithstanding that we have looked at what happens if the business transient doesn't come back to pre-COVID-19 levels? And I think a good proxy is we certainly listen to the commentary that the airlines gave, United has a point of view that it's coming back fully, Delta had a point of view that it might be 20% impaired. So, we looked at Delta's case of 20% down and said, what does that mean to us? What would we do with our portfolio, our existing portfolio today, and how could we remix the business and what would the financial impact be so? We looked at really re-mixing that business transient drop of 20% to leisure. And at the end of the day, it has a de minimis impact on EBITDA. The impact really is on the EBITDA margin because of the business transient slice of the businesses, our highest rated piece of business. So we're ready for whatever comes our way with respect to the recovery, and it's good to have the different levers to flex in our portfolio where we can take leisure. We can take more groups and really revenue manages the company on an asset by asset basis on almost a daily basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
RichHightower: Hey, good morning, everybody. So, Jim, just to just to follow up on the prior question, and maybe to combine it with another question on acquisitions. Look at some point. I mean, it's premature to maybe talk about this right now. But maybe sometime in the early to mid-part of next year, Host is going to have the flexibility to go on a shopping spree of sorts, certainly relative to several public and private peers. And so as you think about, what the portfolio looks like today, what you want to look like over the next 5 to 10 years, what's on your screen as far as that is concerned? And where's the puck going in terms of what Hosts should look like, again, and that sort of 5 to 10-year outlook as you think about what the portfolio needs to look like?
JimRisoleo: Yes, Rich, I think that you're going to see the portfolio likely look like it looks today, with a continued focus on upgrading the overall quality of the assets that we own. It is a - let me step back for a minute and just talk about how we think about the business today. Number one, I've already said it, strong geographic diversification we think is critical. And investment grade balance sheet, we think is critical, two really distinguishing factors. And the best portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels in the industry, which we think we have today. So as we think about building the portfolio out over time, we like -- we talked about this. We like the model that we have with strong geographic diversification, with a business mixture differentiation in the hotel between a combination of leisure transit, business transit and group. So multiple demand generators and strong markets with high barriers to entry and that's how we would think about building the company over the next three to five years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lukas Hartwich with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
LukasHartwich: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, Jim, can you provide an update on the competitive dynamics for hotels versus short-term rentals?
JimRisoleo: Sure, happy to. I would tell you that short-term rentals right now when I'm talking about Airbnb, in particular, have seen a surge and drive to leisure business. As you know, the same thing that we've talked about people wants to get out, and they have been driving to Airbnb in leisure and drive two leisure markets. Our point of view is as we start recovering, and markets start opening up, the urban markets in particular that are going to be more challenged. We think that the short-term rental business, some of the other platforms that are out there that were out there, I don't quite know what's going on with them, but Lyric and Sander and some of those, as well as Airbnb are going to face serious financial difficulties. And it's difficult enough for hotel owners that have well-heeled equity partners with them to work their way through this pandemic with literally no cash flow or minimal cash flow coming in. I think that issue is compounded by the individual Airbnb owners who have taken on a lot of debt, unfortunately and nowhere to turn, when it comes to servicing that debt. So I think you're going to see in the urban markets in particular, a recalibration of alternatives accommodations.
LukasHartwich: Great. And then do you expect hotels to permanently close in large numbers in markets outside of New York?
JimRisoleo: I don't know if I can say large numbers today. But I do think you're going to see a lot of hotels adapted for other uses in markets across the country. I think it's too soon to say, but there are markets that had excess supply coming into this pandemic. And those markets, I think, are going to be fairly challenged coming out. So I would expect that if people again, it's going to be dependent upon the wherewithal of the individual owners and what the dynamic and fundamental looks like on a market-by-market basis with respect to assets that may be taken back by lenders and what those lenders might do with those properties. And when they bring them to market whether the buyers going to continue to operate that particular facility as a hotel or look to an alternative use. So I do think it's a little too soon to say, but we would expect to see this happen across the country.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
SmedesRose: Hi, thanks. Jim, you mentioned in your opening remarks that Host is less likely to have to issue equity, I assume relative to other hotel REITs. Could you just talk about conditions where you think Host would need to issue equity relative -- particularly I guess relative to maintaining and investment grade rating. Potentially not passing the revised covenants, which I know has been pushed out. I mean it's just -- maybe just talked in general about the potential to have to do that or want to do that?
JimRisoleo: Well, look, I mean, we think that we are in a unique position along with maybe one or two other REITs that are likely to have to issue equity just to delever the balance sheet. So, if we look at where our current leverage ratios are in credit covenants are today or even better go back and look at where we were at 2019. As we came into this year 1.6x leverage and interest coverage at north of 9x. We don't have to get back to 2019 levels to still be in a very strong position from a balance sheet perspective. So I don't see instances as I sit here today where we would have to issue equity to delever the balance sheet. We don't have to get back to 2019 levels to have a really strong balance sheet. We will be open minded around accretive investment opportunities and use our equity to pursue deals that makes sense for us. That will be accretive to our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
ChrisWoronka: Hey, good morning, guys. Jim, I was hoping to circle back to that some of the commentary about potential chain or cost savings on the management side coming out of this, does that potentially extend to just less brand managed hotels, fewer brand managed hotels? Or is there is there possibility of negotiating some of the kind of the base rate fees or anything like that?
JimRisoleo: Well, I don't know that it necessarily it -- I guess, Chris, what I would take from your question is that brand managed hotels aren't a good thing. That's not the way we view the world. We like the affiliation we have with Marriott and Hyatt; we think they do a fantastic job for us. We like their strength of their loyalty program and the strength of their group sales engines, in particular for some of our bigger hotels. That said I think that there are properties that are more fitting to be managed under a franchise operator model. Those would be the smaller hotels that they don't have a big group component. And I think the cost savings will come whether they're brand manager, whether they're franchise managed.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our time allowed for questions. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Risoleo, for any final comments.
Jim Risoleo: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. I know these are exceptionally difficult and challenging times for all of you. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results with you. And we look forward to talking with you in a few months to discuss our third quarter results. Hopefully, we'll be able to get together in person in the not too distant future. So have a great day and a great weekend everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Tejal Engman, Vice President of Investor Relations. Tejal, please go ahead.
Tejal Engman: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Before we begin please note that none of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and in the supplemental financial information on our Web site at hosthotels.com. Participating in today's call with me will be Jim Risoleo, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian Macnamara, Principal Financial Officer and Controller; and Sourav Ghosh, Executive Vice President Strategy and Analytics. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Tejal and thanks for joining us this morning. We hope that you and your families are safe and healthy and we extend our deep [indiscernible] for those affected by COVID-19. [Indiscernible] the lodging sector is navigating its unprecedented towards that is expected to be at least twice as severe as the Great Recession. After a strong January and February, U.S. RevPAR posted deepest decline on record and is expected to further deteriorate in April according to SER data. Although we couldn't have anticipated the outbreak of a global pandemic, Host is well positioned to withstand the magnitude of its impact due to years of prudent capital allocation that emphasized maximizing balance sheet capacity and liquidity towards the end of the cycle. Today, we not only expect to persevere through this crisis, we fully expect to emerge with a stronger operating model, the highest quality portfolio in the company's history and the ability to capitalize on future opportunities to create value for all our stakeholders. This morning, I will address our liquidity and cash flow position, key business segment trends and our revised capital plan. Brian will discuss our first quarter performance and [indiscernible] and provide our forecast for April. We began this year with the lowest leverage in the company's history at 1.6x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. No near-term debt maturities, $1.6 billion of cash on hand, a fully unencumbered consolidated portfolio and an investment credit balance sheet. We drew down our $1.5 billion credit facility revolver in mid-March and ended April with approximately $2.7 billion of cash including FF&E reserves after paying approximately $140 million first quarter dividends which were declared in February. At quarter end, our leverage ratio as defined in our credit facility was at 2x, our interest coverage ratio was at 6.8x and our fixed charge coverage ratio was at 4.6x, all of which are well within the limits specified in our credit facility covenants. We expect to remain in compliance with all our credit facility covenants through the second quarter and are currently in discussions with our supportive bank vending group to secure greater flexibility on our covenants requirements. Moving on to expenses, we and our operators responded to the precipitous decline in revenues in March and April by implementing portfolio wide cost reduction and are unprecedented in their magnitude. These include reducing the fixed portion of our property allocated costs by as much as 2/3rds. The suspending contributions for hotels FF&E escrow accounts, suspending most brand standards and unfortunately furloughing up to 80% of the hotel workforce. As of yesterday, operations at 35 of our 80 consolidated hotels representing 43% of our total room account are suspended. We work with our operators to determine whether to suspend operations at our hotels based on the properties ability to generate revenues that are greater than the incremental cost associated with remaining open. If the hotel is expected to achieve this incremental threshold, it remains open. Our preference is to leave hotels open as long as it is financially justifiable to do so because we believe an operational property is better positioned to capture demand when it begins to recover. Our scale within several markets such as New York, Washington DC, San Diego, Los Angeles, Orange County and Chicago has helped us generate operational efficiencies and to further benefit from consolidating low levels of demand at multiple properties into the hotels that remain operational in that market. For example, we have gained operational efficiencies in Washington DC, with the leadership of the JW Marriott overseeing the Washington Marietta Metro Center in the Westin Georgetown. The same has been achieved in New York and other markets. Demand consolidation is benefiting our hotels in Los Angeles, San Antonio and San Diego, where we are able to consolidate demand into one property in each of those markets. For the hotels that remain open, our managers have significantly scaled down operations by closing guests room floors and meeting spaces and suspending food and beverage outlet operations. Due to timing, we expect to see the full benefit of these operating expense reductions in April. When total hotel operating expenses are expected to be 70% to 75% lower than our initial forecast from February. At the corporate level, we expect to further conserve cash by reducing our capital expenditures by $100 million to $125 million and our corporate expenses by 10% to 15%. Finally, we expect to either suspend our second quarter dividend or cut it to $0.01 a share which is a reduction of approximately $140 million compared to our prior $0.20 per share quarterly dividend. As a result of these anticipated cash savings initiatives and a worst-case scenario where all of our hotels are effectively closed through the end of 2020 and the dividend remains expensive or reduced, our monthly cash outflow would average $120 million to $140 million per month, reflecting average hotel level expenses of $70 million to $80 million a month, as well as estimated capital expenditures, interest payments and general corporate overhead. Importantly, in this worst-case scenario, we would end 2020 with approximately $1.65 billion of cash, including the FF&E reserve, leaving us with ample liquidity to support operations as the economy recovers. Moving on to group and transient business trends, through May 4, we have lost an estimate of $1.3 billion of expected 2020 revenues. This represents approximately $630 million of total group revenues known to-date and $660 million of total transient revenues forecasted for the first half of the year. Approximately 90% of our total group revenue cancellations have been for the first half of the year, with over 60% in the second quarter alone. Of the approximately 10% of total group revenue cancellations in the second half, less than 3% for the fourth quarter, while the low levels of cancellations for the fourth quarter are encouraging. We believe that the near term pace of group and transient business remains uncertain until the consumer feels comfortable travelling again. Our operators have revoked approximately 12% of our total 2020 loss group revenues with the majority revoke for the second half of 2020. Although we expect a significant portion of our total group revenues to be lost due to timing, as they were driven by a favorable 2020 citywide convention calendar a majority of our group customers have expressed a desire to be booked at our properties. Finally, we have collected $32 million cancellation fees to-date with $10 million recognized in the first quarter. Shifting to 2021 total group revenue pace, we began this year with 2.3 million definite rooms on the books for 2021 and pace was nearly 3% ahead of the same time last year. Although 2021 group booking activity is half what it was last year and our total group revenue pace is now flat. We believe group demand return over time with decision makers on the sidelines and wait and see mode, we believe the pace of recovery in both group and business transient will depend upon customers feeling safe to travel. Markets with stronger group for 2021 are San Antonio, San Diego, Seattle, Los Angeles and Chicago, whereas New York, Orlando, San Francisco, San Jose, Denver and Boston currently have pace opportunities. Given the current uncertainty, pace by market could change considerably in the weeks and months to come. We continue to believe in the long-term viability of the group business, while the association business model relies upon generating income from large group meetings a more intangible reality is that most group meetings allow members within an industry to connect with and learn from each other while building relationships and trust in a manner that we don't think it's possible to replicate digitally. In the long run, we believe using group volumes to compress, supply and generate productive yield management will remain a cornerstone of the lodging business. That said, we are positioning ourselves for the recovery to be led by drive to leisure destinations. As observed in China and other parts of Asia that are several weeks ahead of the United States. The recovery thus far has been like -- been led by domestic leisure stay and drive to destinations. With renovations recently completed and construction are planned within the next 12 months, over 70% of our portfolio and our strongest drive to leisure markets will be fully refreshed. Specifically, our hotels in Phoenix, San Diego, Orange County, San Antonio and Florida, which represent over 13,000 keys or nearly 30% of our total portfolio are very well positioned to capture a recovery and drive to leisure demand. We continue to prioritize the health and safety of our employees and guests. Most of our hotels are managed by large brands who are known for reliably delivering consistent service and standards. These brands are now raising their cleanliness standards to even higher levels with new protocols to address the current circumstances. We believe branded hotels, communication around and execution of rigorous cleaning standards will resonate well with customers. Moreover, we expect the strength of their loyalty programs to be a strong driver of demand to our properties. Turning to our supply outlook, while will take several quarters before we have a complete understanding of the change in hotel supply growth, [we've tucked] [ph] our internal net supply expectations for 2020 in half based on broad assumptions surrounding project delays or announcements and existing hotel closures. We now expect supply growth of roughly 1% in 2020, with average growth over the next three years remaining below the long-term historical trend. Moreover, we believe there is a high probability that several projects that have not yet begun construction will be cancelled or significantly delayed. Although no one knows the timing or shape to recovery, we are hopeful that occupancy declines may have stabilized and found a bottom in April. We are frequently asked what level of occupancy will allow us to breakeven at the hotel [ebill line] [ph]. As you may imagine, it's difficult to provide a number as it varies greatly by property requires ADR assumptions and is likely to change on a monthly basis. We have done the analysis based on a single month of operations in the current environment with significant expense reductions remaining in products. In that scenario, assuming ADRs decline 15% to 30%, on a year-over-year basis, we would expect to see hotel, even our breakeven at 35% to 45% portfolio occupancy. Our enterprise analytics and asset management teams are working closely with our operators to strengthen a long-term hotel operating model with near term goals of achieving breakeven and generating higher profitability and lower levels of occupancy. In the 2009 recession, several operating expense line items were significantly reduced and continue to improve through the cycle. While we expect our hotels with new expenses, especially ones related to new clean standards, downturns compel owners and operators to reevaluate brand standards, programs and above property expenses and exercise that can result in long-term saving and a healthier hotel operating model that better serves customers changing needs. Turning to CapEx, we have reduced our 2020 capital expenditures by $100 million to $125 million, which represents an approximately 50% reduction to the portion of the CapEx budget that was already spent, underway or committed. Approximately 85% of our CapEx savings are derived from eliminating non-essential renewal and replacement CapEx spend, with the remainder coming from suspended ROI projects. We continue to plan on spending $180 million to $200 million on the Marriott transformational capital program and now expected to see $20 billion in operating profit guarantees this year. It makes sense for us to complete these renovations for these reasons. First, we benefit from $20 million of operating profit guarantees without experiencing commensurate revenue disruption given the current unprecedented low RevPAR environment. Second, we expect the renovations to position us to achieve meaningful RevPAR gains through the cycle, particularly as most hotel owners are compelled to cut back on renovations due to liquidity constraints. And third, construction bids are coming in below budget and market pricing is expected to decline by at least 6% to 10%, which provides us the opportunity to buy out construction at lower prices. In addition to all of this, as the performance of these properties return, we will receive enhanced owners priority on this investment, which will reduce the incentive management fees we pay Marriott. As part of this year's Marriott transformational capital program, we have completed renovations at the San Antonio River Center Marriott and we will finish the Minneapolis City Center Marriott in just a few weeks. Later this year, we plan to complete the JW Marriott bucket. In addition, we expect to start the Ritz Carlton Amelia Island, which is scheduled to complete in the first quarter of 2021. Finally, we will complete the second phases at both New York Marriott Marquis and the Orlando World Center Marriott, which are scheduled to complete in the third and fourth quarter of 2021 respectively. Combined with the properties completed as part of last year's capital program, including Coronado Island Marriott Resort and Spa, New York Marriott Downtown, San Francisco Marriott Marquis and Santa Clara Marriott, the Marriott transformational capital program being nearly 70%, complete by the end of 2020. While the program consists of a mix of group and leisure dominance in hotels and markets, these transformational renovations are expected to have a useful life of 7 to 10 years will help our property gain market share and outperform through the next cycle. While our revised CapEx plan as soon as projects will be completed substantially as scheduled, COVID-19 has impacted our ability to implement renovations as supply chains have been disrupted and certain state and local orders have deemed construction non-essential. We will continue to provide quarterly updates on our capital plan for the year. As I reflect on leading hosts over the last few years, and now through this crisis, it is gratifying to know that our prudent and disciplined capital allocation strategy towards the end of the cycle has served our stakeholders well. In 2018 and 2019, we sold $3.3 billion of our relatively lower quality and lower total RevPAR assets at the top of the market. Additionally, we capitalize on the favorable debt capital markets last year, tax acute over $3 billion of refinancing, which extended our debt maturities and reduced our borrowing cost at an opportune time. While we also acquired $1.6 billion of high quality assets, bought back $629 million of stock, and invested in developing and redeveloping parts of our portfolio. We deployed each of these value creation tools and then measured in disciplined manner, not knowing when the cycle would end, but discerning that balance sheet strength and capacity would be a paramount importance when it did. Today, as we enter a new logic cycle, we feel hopeful about our future where the threat of this pandemic has passed. In the meantime, we are taking the opportunity this crisis provides to further stress that our operating model and to learn how to do generate higher levels of profitability and lower levels of occupancy. We are excited to be entering a new cycle with a highest quality portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable assets in the company's history and likely in the lodging industry. When demand recovers, we believe that the quality of our assets, many of which will be newly renovated will be a true differentiator that will help us gain RevPAR index share and outperform the industry. We continue to believe in the strength of both geographic and demand diversity through the cycle. Geographic diversity will serve us through an uneven recovery of various states and markets and their lockdowns at different times. Demand diversity will help us drive optimal revenue management and pricing through the cycle. Finally, we expect our relative balance sheet strength to continue to be a differentiator that will provide us with greater flexibility to capitalize on future long-term value creation opportunities that meet our strategic objectives. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Macnamara: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Prior to the spread of the pandemic in the United States, business was off to a strong start in 2020. For the total portfolio in January and February, RevPAR was up 220 basis points driven by 120 basis point increase in occupancy. Total RevPAR was up 490 basis points for the same period. As a result at that point in the quarter, we were ahead of last year by approximately $20 million, March, however, experienced 65% decline in RevPAR, driven by a 52% drop in occupancy, we lost 730,000 rooms nights due to shelter in place orders and widespread changes in business travel policies. March room revenues declined by $200 million year-over-year and drove over first quarter RevPAR decline of 23.3% as occupancy fell 17% year-over-year. Our first quarter results include a $43 million wage and benefit expense associated with moves to suspend operations and the necessary changes to hotel level staffing. These costs include an $8 million cash payment to hotel employees in March and the $35 million accrual for furlough benefits in April and May. If our operators extend those benefits for the approximately 80% of the workforce that is currently furloughed, we would expect the carrying costs for those employees beyond May to average $15 million to $17 million per month for the entire portfolio. As Jim mentioned, we have worked closely with our operators to reduce operating expenses and expect to realize that 70% to 75% reduction in hotel level operating expenses in April compared to our initial forecast. As a reminder, our initial forecast in February implied that hotel level expenses at the midpoint would be approximately $3.8 billion for the full year. On the revenue front, we expect the total RevPAR for April will decline by 90% to 95%, reflecting the extremely low occupancies in most markets. Demand in April has largely been restricted to medical professionals and airline crews. For example, The Sheraton New York Times Square and the New York Marriott Marquis achieved occupancies close to 50% in April, primarily driven by medical and first responder business, being two of the largest hotels in the city to remain open, has provided the Sheraton and the Marquis with a great opportunity to capsule this business. With New York City thankfully continuing to make progress from earlier peak infection levels, this business is expected to taper off in early to mid-May. By the end of March, we had suspended operations at 13 properties. As occupancies continue to decline through April, we suspended operations at an additional 22 properties, bringing the total number of suspensions to 35. A typical staffing model for properties that have suspended include a management team of 5 to 7 associates working as scheduled that has been reduced anywhere from 20% to 40%. Further, there is management oversight of the security department and in certain circumstances, properties have layered in additional sales and event department management to assist with the rescheduling and planning of future group business. Hourly positions are generally limited to single associate per shift in the engineering and security departments. Properties that are operational will generally have the same base management coverage as suspended properties as well as minimal rooms management, though again, working at significantly reduced hours. Typically, these managers are covering both the housekeeping department in front desk as well as actively working to shift in one of those departments. Hourly positions in addition to the security and engineering positions previously mentioned may include a housekeeper shifts based on occupancy and front desk coverage. In the very limited cases where food service is provided, one chef or kitchen shift would be added to prepare a limited to go menu. Although visibility remains limited, we do not anticipate additional suspensions at this time. Timing with regard to reopening the 35 hotels where operations are currently suspended, however, remains unclear. Our reopening criteria are based on the timing of state and local authorities and the pace of our bookings and revenue growth projections. We are working with our operators to determine how cost can be managed through the impending recovery, such that we can achieve breakeven levels as quickly as possible, with the goal of generating higher levels of profitability at lower levels of occupancy over time. Shifting to market performance, our top performing markets in the first quarter were all in negative territory, although they outperform the STR, upper tier segment in their respective markets. Top performing markets include Phoenix, San Francisco, New Orleans, Atlanta, Miami, San Diego, New York and the Florida Gulf Coast. The underperformers were San Antonio, Maui/Oahu, Jacksonville, Orange County, Denver, Northern Virginia, Washington DC, Seattle and Houston. The majority of the $630 million of total group revenue loss that Jim mentioned has been driven by six markets: San Diego, New York, Orlando, Phoenix, San Francisco and Boston. However, we have experienced cancellations across the portfolio with 24 markets showing greater than $5 million in total group revenue cancellations. We are not providing any 2020 guidance at this time. Our lack of visibility regarding the depth and duration of the pandemic, the timing of the reopening of individual states and localities and the expected operating restrictions for businesses as well as individual company travel restrictions is simply too uncertain at this time. I would note that in prior recessions peak to trough declines in hotel level EBITDA have been roughly twice as large as the peak to trough declines in RevPAR. Although this 2 to 1 ratio should have deteriorated considerably in a near zero revenue environment, we believe it will continue to hold true for our portfolio due to our significant success in reducing fixed costs at the property level. Our confidence in our ability to not only persevere through this crisis, but to be able to drive value for stakeholders is based on the strength of our investment grade balance sheet. We have significant liquidity to withstand the worst-case scenario of a complete shutdown of our entire portfolio until year end 2021 subject to our success and obtaining covenant waivers for our COVID hit facilities. Moreover, we have no significant debt maturities until 2023 and have approximately $2.7 billion of available cash as of April 30. Finally, the company has access to other sources of liquidity, including secured debt, asset sales and capital market transactions. To be clear, the company has no need to tap into additional sources of liquidity. But I mentioned them to provide reassurance that we do not expect liquidity to be an issue for host. Today more than ever, we believe that Hosts Hotels & Resorts is the premier lodging REIT in the industry. We have a high quality, well-diversified portfolio whose consistent performance is driven by strong in-house analytics and by working with the best operators in the business. With the only investment grade balance sheet among lodging REITs, we are well-positioned to deal with this crisis and to continue to execute our strategic vision to create long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you. And with that, we will now be happy to take questions. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible. Please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Anthony Powell from Barclays. Your line is now live.
Anthony Powell: Yes. I'm well in New York. Things are okay here getting better. Just a question on your credit facility amendment that you're seeking a lot of the other amendments that have come with restrictions on dividends, buybacks and acquisitions. How do you ensure that you maintain flexibility to take advantage of opportunities and your balance sheet strength even as you kind of secured amendment [indiscernible] facility to give you more comfort around your covenants?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. We made a conscious decision to let some time pass before we fully engaged with our bank lending group, which I'm glad has been incredibly supportive. We have long standing relationships with all of the lenders in our credit facility, some going back 25 years since the time Host was formed. So we're in a really unique position because as you heard today, we have the runway in a very worst-case scenario to take us through 2021 from a liquidity perspective, we do have access to multiple sources of capital should we need it, which we don't believe we're going to need it. We'll only need it to play offence at the time when opportunities present themselves and we can see greater visibility going forward. So as we're having conversations with the Bank Group, we're keeping into consideration -- taking into consideration maximum optionality and flexibility to put us in a position to play offence going forward. And, we feel really good about the fact that we're going to be in compliance with all of our credit facility covenants through at least the second quarter. And I would expect in the next several weeks, we will be in a position to announce publicly through a press release and a 8-K with the amendments to that credit facility look like.
Anthony Powell: Just a clarification, I believe you said, you expect 2 to 1 RevPAR and EBITDA client at this time. I think STR had a 50% RevPAR decline assumption for this year. Does that mean you expect you'd rather be zero this year that environment with bottoms down or is that too simplistic to see?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. If you STR data that would be a correct assumption.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Michael Bellisario from Baird. Your line is now live.
Michael Bellisario: Just thinking on that same topic of playing offence question is kind of one, what do you cueing off of to make that decision? And then how were you thinking about the different ways to ultimately create long-term value today, or at least when those opportunities present themselves?
Jim Risoleo: Mike, we are in a unique position given the strength of the company and the fact that we came into the year at 1.6x debt to EBITDA with $1.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet, we are truly in a position to persevere through this downturn through this pandemic and come out the other side in a position to play offence. Now when does that happen? I think right now it's very premature at this point in time, I don't think you're going to see us or anybody else in a position to acquire hotels until we have greater visibility on the case of how the U.S. economy is going to perform and how it's going to recover. I think everyone is in agreement today that we are in a recession. We just don't know the depth of the recession, nor do we know the duration of the recession. There are numerous conversations occurring between hotel owners and lenders today with respect to waivers, interest forbearance, it's a question of how that's all going to play out and where the opportunities are going to be. I think it's a little too soon to know. But when we have visibility and when we start seeing opportunities come to market, we will be in a position to take advantage of those opportunities. We're talking to our bank group about giving us some optionality to acquire hotels as we move forward. Obviously, the hotels are going to have to be a strategic fit for us. They're going to have to be priced appropriately, they're going to have to allow us to believe that we're going to be able to create shareholder value or we're going to continue to be disciplined in our approach to capital allocation. We think it served us very well toward the end of this cycle, and given us an opportunity to play offence.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rich Hightower from Evercore. Your line is now live.
Rich Hightower: So Jim, I want to go back to the sort of the breakeven occupancy calculation. And I think you guys said that it includes an assumption for 15% to 30% declines in ADR. And I'd like to maybe hear your opinion on the art of pricing a hotel room, coming out of COVID given that everything is at a standstill and starting from scratch. How do you anchor the customer's expectation to that sort of a rate starting from zero base, and what do you think the progression for ADR, might be over the next few years kind of in that framework?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. We are having daily conversations with our operators regarding reinventing the revenue management model. We don't think revenue management is by anything -- by any means a thing of the past today, we think it's more important than ever. And our primary concern is going to be focused on rate integrity and not rate degradation. It's tricky and a low RevPAR environment, low occupancy environment that will grant you that. But as an example, in the month of April, we ran at a very low occupancy for the portfolio of about 13%, just north of 12%. We ran $135 ADR, that doesn't sound great, but when you're selling rooms in hotels that -- in many instances, if you put New York aside or running it, low single digit occupancies to maintain a rate in that level is pretty good from our perspective. So as we look at breakeven occupancy in ADR, it's really a quite a variable exercise, it's going to change hotel by hotel, it's going to change its occupancy and demand increase and expenses creep back into the property. So that the numbers we gave you with respect to occupancy declines and ADR declines are really based on the low level of expenses that we're experiencing today. So as those expenses increase, it's going to be a balance between incremental expenses going into the property against occupancy and ADR gain. Is that helpful to you rich?
Rich Hightower: Yes. That's helpful, Jim. I will hop back to the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Smedes Rose from Citi. Your line is now live.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to ask kind of bigger picture I kind of picked off Rich's question. I think coming into this typically labor cost for a typical hotel have been kind of in the 40% to 45% range, assuming we return to some kind of more normal, business environment, where do you think that number can go to? It seems like there's going to be a lot of thoughts around maybe not cleaning hotel rooms when guests are using them, but there might be more cleaning outside of the rooms or where do you think that could just move to or do you think it just kind of stay with the same after everything's been reallocated?
Jim Risoleo: I'll start. I'll give you a couple thoughts here, but I'm going to ask Sourav to jump in on this one. I can tell you this. We view this opportunity this crisis truly has an opportunity to redefine the hotel operating model. And there are going to be incremental costs associated with cleaning and sanitizing because we think that that is going to be critically important. It's always been important to the travelling consumer to know what they're getting when they check into a hotel room and the fact that the majority of our properties are managed by Marriott and Hyatt gives us great comfort because they are at the top when it comes to cleaning and sanitizing standards and their outreach to consumers has been meaningful and it will continue to be meaningful. So we think this is truly a distinguishing factor relative to the independent hotel operator because the customers are going to be comfortable, if they're going to stay in a Marriott managed hotel or a Hyatt managed hotel, that it's going to be sanitized. It's going to be clean. And safety is paramount today. I mean, we talked a minute ago about, ADR, and I can tell you based on some focus groups that have taken place, the customers don't really care as much about ADR as they care about their personal safety. So we think that between the brand standards with respect to cleanliness and cleaning, and the fact that we are affiliated with the best loyalty program in the space is going to give us a true competitive advantage as we come out of this pandemic. So I will let Sourav give you a little more color on how we're thinking about the hotel operating model.
Sourav Ghosh: Hi, Smedes. I want to start-off by saying that our managers are truly committed to taking costs out versus putting costs back in. And where the opportunity really exists is going to be, I would put it in sort of three broad buckets. One is going to be reduction of about property costs. Second is the brands are really focusing on brand standards and figuring out which brand standards are archaic and can be either eliminated completely or modified. And the third is really adapting to the changing customer preferences, particularly leveraging technology. So think about would we really need the front desk as we know it today with the touchless technology that does exist, with a customer want to interact during the check-in experience. So that's the three broad buckets I would put it into. The incremental costs associated with cleaning, we believe should be offset by improvement in productivity.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
David Katz: Hi, good morning, everyone. Good to hear everyone's voices. Thanks for taking my question and for all the information. I wanted to ask about group business, we are wondering and endeavoring to research around groups that maybe postponing or rebooking later on in the interest of avoiding a cancellation fee and/or sort of kicking the can down the road a bit. This may be more of a qualitative question relying on your experienced intuition, but I just wonder what you think about that.
Jim Risoleo: David, I think that we think as a management team and then in consultations with our operators that if we agree with the premise that we're going to see a return of the leader customer first primarily led by drive to destinations, then we'll see a return of the business transient covenant customer. And lastly, we'll see a return of group. We feel that group is not likely to start meaningfully coming back to hotels until May 2021. At this point in time, a) we talked just a minute ago about the need for cleanliness and confidence in consumer safety. That's going to be paramount. And I would say that in till we have a vaccine it's not likely you're going to see group come back in any meaningful way.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is now live.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Most of my questions have been addressed already about potential M&A. I guess one question I had, you made a comment in the introductory remarks about I think you said group for next year being flat or pasting flat or something. I guess I just wanted to get a sense of how much are you seeing people holding off on booking new group for 2021? So in other words, maybe you are still flat with prior year, but how does that pace look, in terms of, are people holding off on next year already? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Robin, I think that our pace, our numbers came down a bit year-over-year in terms of group booking pace, but I believe we said that we have 2.3 million room nights on the books for next year, which is about flat relative to where we were at the same time last year. So, people are still booking I think it really goes to the uncertainty surrounding the scope and depth of the crisis. We think group is a very viable part of the hotel business going forward. Associations have to have group meetings to survive. It's part of how they make money. But, the intangible is the fact that group meetings are very important for interaction and building relationships and building trust among the people that participate in group meetings. We don't believe that this is able to be replaced digitally. It's just not going to happen over a Zoom call. So, we feel that that group is going to continue to be a viable part of the business and I Sourav has something he wanted to add.
Sourav Ghosh: I would just add for -- I think we're looking out into the future 22 to 23, our total group pay is still pretty strong at positive 2.5%.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Bill Crow from Raymond James. Your line is now live.
Bill Crow: Jim, I think you mentioned you collected $22 million or $32 million of cancellation fees split between the first quarter and the second quarter. I'm just curious about that because it seems awfully tough to recoup cancellation fees, especially in the second quarter, given the lockdown and less than 10 people meeting restrictions and things like that. Can you give us some commentary on that?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Bill, I think this was the cancellation fees that we collected were collected early in the year early in the pandemic and we collected 30 million total, we recognized 10 million in the first quarter. I would not expect that you're going to see that cadence to continue as we move forward. So we're more interested in working with our customers, many of whom are long-term customers and we want to maintain those relationships and encourage them to rebook their business at our properties.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Chris Woronka: Want to ask you a little bit of longer term question. I know you guys have made a lot of progress over the years with food and beverage efficiency and getting margins up. So the question is, as we look out, three to five years, do you think it's going to become I don't know whether it's necessary or ideal to maybe have smaller food and beverage operations and I know that you needed it and a lot of your convention hotels, but a lot of the other hotels, it seems like, there's always a cap on profitability. So, do you think that's something you look at during this downturn and it looks different coming out?
Jim Risoleo: Absolutely. We are having conversations already with our operators regarding the need for three meal a day restaurants in many of our hotels. We're having conversations around eliminating breakfast buffets in the restaurants, maybe only opening the restaurants for breakfast. If this is an opportunity to rewrite brand standards going forward, you're spot on that this is something that we're thinking about and talking about.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Shaun Kelley for Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Jim, I was hoping we could spend a little bit time on -- I think in the prepared remarks, you talked about, your sort of opportunistic sales on some of the non-core assets in the portfolio. And, obviously, you're quite successful on that over the last couple of years. Is there anything remaining in that bucket that you think needs to be addressed, I appreciate it's not the kind of ideal time but sort of maybe just what's the comfort range with where you're at with -- let's call it the go forward portfolio number one. And then number two, in that group of hotels that, if there is anything that doesn't fit the profile going forward. Is there a need to reopen in this environment? How do you think about sort of longer term closures and maybe property type obsolescence for some of those, let's call it non-core assets.
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Shaun. I said over time that we are very comfortable with the composition the portfolio we have today, our sales are always opportunistic, we will sell a hotel, when we feel that the price we're receiving exceeds our hold value, which we do on a regular basis for each property in the portfolio. So, we'll continue to be opportunistic in the future. Today, there's no need for us to sell any properties and in this environment where we think pricing would be very challenging, we'd much rather be an acquirer and take this opportunity to add to the portfolio that we have today to continue to upgrade the quality through acquisitions as opposed to sales. So the short answer is, we'll be opportunistic when the time is right.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Thomas Allen: You talked earlier about more optimism around drive to resort markets. There's some positive data out of STR earlier this week. Are you seeing any increased bookings for your resorts any data points you can give?
Jim Risoleo: Sure, Tom. That is a green shoot that we saw in May, we feel that occupancy hit a bottom in April, as Brian mentioned in his comments, the business that we booked in April was really related to medical and airline crews and some first responder business hit certain other hotels, some National Guard business, things of that nature. But in two of our drive to properties in particular, we're seeing very good booking numbers for Memorial Day weekend at the Ritz Carlton, Amelia Island. We are seeing a business on the books that would lead us as we sit here today to 60% occupancy over Memorial Day weekend. And the Don CeSar in St. Petersburg Beach, another terrific resort property, we expect to see occupancy in the 50s, as we sit here today. And hopefully those numbers will continue to grow. We're also seeing good booking activity in June and July. In June, we're seeing booking activity in the 13% to 15% range in July, it's significantly higher. So let's keep our fingers crossed and hope that that business continues to grow.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steve Brunner from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Steve Brunner: So I know you guys stated that you don't have at this time timing of reopening by specific markets. But, if you guys had some sort of high level estimate, you are going to make I guess an educated guess which market do you guys see openings first?
Jim Risoleo: It's a tough question to answer because 14 of the top 20 markets still have restrictions in place with respect to when people can get back to business as normal. So we just don't know. What I will tell you is that, as we've discussed and everyone believes that drive to leisure demand is going to be the first part of the business to return. We have over 13,000 rooms and drive to markets today. And those markets include Florida, San Antonio, Phoenix, Chicago for the summer; Los Angeles, Orange County and San Diego. So we are closely watching when restrictions are lifted. And we would hope that those hotels in all those markets that I just mentioned, the 13,000 rooms that we have will be some of the first to reopen. But at this point in time, it's just difficult to really put a date on when that's going to happen because it's out of our control.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached end of our question-and-answer session. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.
Jim Risoleo: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results with you and we look forward to virtually seeing you at NAREIT and talking with you in a few months to discuss our second quarter results. Have a great day everyone and stay safe. We will all get through this pandemic and look forward to seeing you in person soon.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Tejal Engman, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Tejal Engman: Thanks, Travis. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre in our comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide overview of our fourth quarter results, key business trends, and our outlook for 2020. Brian MacNamara, our Principal Financial Officer and Controller, will then provide detailed commentary on our fourth quarter performance, our capital position and our guidance for 2020. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Risoleo: Thank you, Tejal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before I address our 2019 results and 2020 guidance, I want to take a moment to thank Michael Bluhm for his service as CFO. We had significant accomplishments under his tenure that Brian will address and we wish him well as he begins his role as Global Head of Lodging for Morgan Stanley based in Los Angeles. 2019 was another highly productive year for Host. We successfully executed large value-enhancing capital allocation transactions and delivered a solid operational performance, which exceeded our adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per diluted share expectations for the fourth quarter. We capitalized on favorable market conditions and sold 14 of our lower total RevPAR, higher capital expenditure hotels for $1.3 billion. We further upgraded the quality of our portfolio by acquiring the iconic 1 Hotel South Beach, completing 4 renovations as part of the Marriott transformational capital program, and investing in multiple value-enhancing development projects across the portfolio. We returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while further strengthening our best-in-class investment-grade balance sheet. Finally, we delivered our strongest comparable total RevPAR and RevPAR performance for 2019 in the fourth quarter, while achieving solid margins in the year challenged by accelerating wage and benefit expense growth. We exceeded the top end of our full year 2019 adjusted EBITDAre guidance range, primarily due to stronger-than-expected total revenue growth at our noncomparable hotels. Comparable hotel total RevPAR was 190 basis points due to better-than-expected food and beverage as well as other revenues. We will discuss our fourth quarter results in more detail later. I would like to now focus on the 4 key business trends that impacted our 2019 operational performance and that are expected to impact 2020 as well. First is the strong food and beverage and other revenue growth that we experienced in the quarter and year. We delivered comparable total RevPAR growth that is 200 basis points higher than comparable room's RevPAR growth for the quarter and160 basis points higher for the year. Food and beverage revenues grew largely because of corporate in-house group business, which typically had robust contribution ratios. Other revenues were bolstered by miscellaneous increases, including higher golf and spa revenues. Our solid total RevPAR growth speaks to our ability to grow revenues through multiple channels at our hotels. Approximately, 35% of our revenues are earned from food and beverage, conference and meeting space, spa and other amenities. In an environment where the industry is near peak occupancy with modest ADR growth, our ability to grow revenues through nonroom sources is a key strength of our portfolio. While we expect continued total RevPAR growth in 2020, its growth rate should be roughly the same as RevPAR due to a tougher year-over-year comparison. The second trend is the strong growth we've experienced in loyalty redemption revenues, which has supported our leisure demand. Some of the increase is due to structural changes that Marriott International has introduced Bonvoy redemption, such as the opportunity to earn greater redemption revenue through increased occupancy tiers. Marriott introduced Bonvoy in early 2019 with the rollout across all consumer touch points, including our property sales and marketing channels, digital, mobile and co-branded credit cards. Additionally, the launch was boosted by a multimillion dollar media campaign. In late 2019, Marriott announced peak and offpeak redemption schedule, which should further support our 2020 growth expectations. Our redemption revenues have grown well in excess of the revenues outlined in the business case Marriott made for Bonvoy in 2019. In the fourth quarter, we grew Marriott Bonvoy redemption revenues by nearly 22% for our comparable hotels and 24% for all our own Marriott hotels, with the Venetian Ritz-Carlton, Naples and Ritz-Carlton, Marina del Rey achieving the highest redemption revenues in the portfolio. Although redemption revenues will also face tough comparisons this year, Host's ability to leverage Marriott's powerful loyalty program is another key strength for our business. The third trend is the continued acceleration in wage and benefit expense growth. Wage and benefit expenses increased 370 basis points in the quarter and 290 basis points for the year on a year-over-year basis. We were able to largely offset this expense growth through a variety of external and internal initiatives, which allows us to achieve breakeven margins at 1% RevPAR growth in 2019. Our external initiatives were driven by near-term Marriott-Starwood merger synergy, which were largely realized in 2019. Our internal initiatives, we expect smaller incremental efficiencies in 2020 relative to last year. Meanwhile, we expect wage and benefit expense growth to increase by approximately 5% in 2020 over 2019 as unemployment remains at all-time lows and job openings in the lodging sector reach record highs.  Our 2020 guidance for comparable hotel expenses, however, is for 2.5% to 3.5% growth per available room, primarily due to productivity gain, partially offsetting wage and benefit expense growth. As a result, we expect breakeven margins at 3.5% to 4% RevPAR growth in 2020. We will further detail the impact of wage and benefit expense growth on our 2020 EBITDA margins. But here are 3 key takeaways on this issue. First, we expect the rate of wage and benefit growth to peak in 2020. Second, we are continuing to work with our operators to adopt productivity-enhancing technology that will decrease our operating costs over the long term.  And third, our exposure to world-class operators like Marriott and Hyatt leaves us relatively well positioned in a tight labor market, given their best-in-class retention and low turnover. Finally, we see prolonged macro uncertainty continuing to negatively impact expectations for U.S. nonresidential fixed investment, which has slowed materially from 6.4% in 2018 to 2.1% in 2019 and is now expected to grow by just 70 basis points in 2020. RevPAR is highly correlated with this metric, which is being impacted by trade and political uncertainty in an election year as well as by coronavirus. A sustained increase in nonresidential fixed investment would be a positive catalyst for the industry. But until it accelerates, our expectations for business transient travel remain muted, and our managers continue to focus on driving group and leisure business. Moving on to our outlook for group business in 2020. We are pleased to begin the year with total group revenue being 4.2% ahead of the same time last year as we benefit from a favorable citywide convention calendar 2020, with San Diego, Miami, Orlando and Washington, D.C. all pacing ahead. We had approximately 77.5% of our group rooms on the books and are 150 basis points ahead of the same time last year. Thus far, we haven't experienced a material direct impact on our business from coronavirus as Chinese travelers contribute approximately 1.5% of our room revenues. That said, the situation continues to evolve and the prevailing uncertainty could put further downward pressure on business transient revenues.  Additionally, supply is continuing to grow this year with a 2.3% increase expected across all scales on a net basis. As a result, we expect full year comparable constant dollar RevPAR growth to range between flat to up 1%. We would note that the addition of the 1 Hotel South Beach added approximately 10 basis points to our newly defined 2020 full year comparable RevPAR growth guidance as we owned the hotel for nearly all of 2019. We expect comparable EBITDA margins to be down 165 basis points at the low end and down 125 basis points at the high end of our guidance. These assumptions result in full year forecasted adjusted EBITDAre of $1.360 billion to $1.405 billion. While the midpoint of our -- of our 2020 total EBITDA guidance reflects a 10% year-over-year decline, approximately 60% of this decline is attributable to 2019 asset sales and declines in our noncomparable hotels due to renovation. Notably, our comparable hotel EBITDA is expected to decline by only 2.5% to 5% year-over-year. Finally, with much of the decline in EBITDA mitigated by our stock repurchase program, we expect adjusted FFO per diluted share of $1.65 to $1.71. Although margins are being impacted by accelerating wage and benefit cost growth this year, it is important to note that comparable EBITDA margins have improved by 80 basis points from 28.2% in 2016 to approximately 29% last year. We have held total expense growth steady at less than 1.5% for the last 3 years through a variety of external and internal initiatives. As mentioned earlier, wage and benefit cost growth is expected to peak this year, and we are working with our operators to adopt productivity-enhancing technology that we anticipate will decrease our operating costs over the long term. Shifting to the Marriott transformational capital program. 2 of the 4 renovations we completed last year, Coronado Island Marriott and New York Marriott Downtown have already achieved meaningful RevPAR index gains and are well positioned to accelerate EBITDA growth and stabilization. The San Francisco Marriott Marquis and Santa Clara Marriott were completed in the second half of 2019. And while it's too early to measure improvement, we have high expectations for these 2 properties. We expect to invest between $180 million to $200 million in the program this year and to complete renovations at the San Antonio Rivercenter and Minneapolis Marriott City Center in the first and second quarter, respectively, and JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead in the fourth quarter. We will also complete the second phases of 3-phased renovations at both the New York Marriott Marquis and the Orlando World Center. By the end of 2020, this program will be 60% to 70% complete. We are pleased to be completing these renovations in a low RevPAR growth environment, which minimizes the impact of the disruption and leaves us well positioned to achieve meaningful RevPAR index gains and accelerated EBITDA growth at stabilization. In addition to the Marriott transformational capital program, we are also implementing multiple value-enhancing ROI projects across the portfolio. We categorize these as product development, operational projects and energy efficiency or sustainability projects. Product developments include developing a 165-key AC by Marriott on excess surface parking at The Westin Kierland in Scottsdale and adding 19 new two bedroom luxury villas at the Andaz Maui. Operational projects include adding meeting space at the Orlando World Center, converting underutilized lobby space into grab-and-go marketplaces, repositioning F&B office and adding keys at several properties. Additionally, we have multiple energy efficiency projects which are an important part of our industry-leading corporate responsibility program and include major systems overhauls, LED retrofit and solar panels, among others.  We have historically achieved a high-teens average cash-on-cash return on these ROI projects, and we expect to grow this program going forward as an important piece of our capital allocation strategy. We differentiate ourselves through extraordinary execution, which achieves both a strong business case and prioritizes our sustainability goals for these projects. We have been recognized for our leadership and performance on sustainability, earning our seventh consecutive Green Star and Overall Global Sector Leader designation as well as a 5-star rating from GRESB this year. We have also been named to the Dow Jones World Sustainability Index for the first time and the North America Sustainability Index for the third time. Have won the NAREIT Lodging and Resorts Leader in Light Award four times in the past five years and most recently have been named to CDP's A list for leading our action against climate change. To conclude with capital allocation, let me briefly review our execution over the last two years within the context of our long-term strategic vision for Host. Since 2018, we sold $3.3 billion of relatively lower quality and lower total RevPAR assets in our portfolio. We have invested $1.6 billion into iconic assets with 2019 total RevPAR with more than double that of the assets we sold. All 4 of our acquisitions are in excellent condition, with limited near-term capital needs. We achieved higher blended cap rates and EBITDA multiples on our acquisitions than on our dispositions and have thereby minimized dilution to earnings while significantly upgrading the quality of our portfolio. In addition, we have bought nearly $610 million of stock since mid-2019, amounting to nearly 5% of our weighted average share outstanding. Finally, we have meaningfully strengthened our balance sheet by increasing our liquidity, extending our debt maturities and lowering our borrowing costs. Our asset recycling has reduced our CapEx intensity and improved the blended cap rate and long-term NAV profile of our portfolio. Our share repurchases have been accretive to FFO per diluted share, and the enhanced flexibility of our balance sheet has provided us with greater optionality to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. Today, our flexibility and willingness to use the appropriate value creation tool, whether it's stock buybacks, asset recycling, development or redevelopment at the opportune time to create meaningful value for our shareholders is what best differentiates Host from most of its lodging REIT peers. We have clearly demonstrated our willingness to use these value creation tools in 2019 and will continue to do so in 2020. Our long-term strategic vision is to own iconic and irreplaceable assets with high total RevPAR and limited near-term CapEx needs in key markets with strong and diverse demand generators. Market conditions over the last couple of years have enabled us to substantially reposition our portfolio at an accelerated pace. We believe that apart from a small number of assets that we would like to eventually monetize, our portfolio is where we want to be at this point in the economic cycle. With regard to acquisitions, while the bar remains high, we will continue to evaluate assets that meet our strategic objectives, focusing on opportunities where we can leverage our competitive advantages such as the owner, broker and operator relationships, our ability to do large transactions and our reputation for providing speed and certainty of closing and the flexibility of operating, taxes and e-structures to sellers. Overall, we are very well positioned with a favorable citywide convention calendar supporting operational performance this year and balance sheet flexibility providing us with greater optionality to create significant long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian MacNamara: Thank you, Jim. We delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $355 million for the quarter and $1.534 billion for the year. As mentioned, we exceeded the top end of our 2019 adjusted EBITDAre guidance mainly due to strong revenue growth at our noncomparable hotels. Noncomparable total RevPAR grew 940 basis points for the quarter, primarily due to a post renovation lift at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis and strong redemption revenues at the Ritz-Carlton Naples. For the fourth quarter, comparable total RevPAR grew 190 basis points primarily due to higher food and beverage and other revenues. While fourth quarter comparable RevPAR declined 10 basis points, it would have been flat if adjusted for the estimated 10 basis points of renovation disruption related to the Marriott transformational capital program. During the quarter, occupancy was unchanged, but ADR decreased by 10 basis points, primarily due to the anticipated decline in group business, driven by an unfavorable citywide convention calendar. Transient revenue grew 270 basis points due to the growth in leisure demand which more than offset the continued business transient weakness. Although business transient revenues for the fourth quarter were down 350 basis points, driven by a room night decline of 340 basis points, we would note that the fourth quarter was the least affected by declines in business travel due to the favorable holiday shift in December. Looking at individual market performance for the fourth quarter. Our top 5 total RevPAR growth markets were: Orlando, Florida Gulf Coast, Atlanta, Denver and Phoenix, while New Orleans, Seattle, San Antonio, Northern Virginia and Hawaii trailed the portfolio. We think an important measure of our success in 2019 was our ability to deliver strong margin performance. Comparable EBITDA margins only declined 10 basis points for the quarter and 5 basis points for the full year, in line with the midpoint of our full year 2019 guidance. We believe this is an impressive performance as wage and benefit expense grew 370 basis points, driven by hourly wage rate increases, most notably in Southern California. While California was especially affected, the unemployment rate in most of our markets was below the national average of 3.7%, driving significant increases in wage and benefit expense across the portfolio. Moving on to the balance sheet. We ended 2019 with $3.8 billion of total debt, $1.6 billion of unrestricted cash and $1.5 billion of available capacity under our credit facility revolver. During 2019, we achieved several major financial milestones. First, we refinanced $1 billion in term loans and expanded our revolving credit facility by $500 million to $1.5 billion. Second, we achieved an upgrade of our corporate credit rating to BBB- from BB+ by S&P Global Ratings. Third, we refinanced $650 million of senior notes by issuing the first green bond in the lodging industry, with a coupon of 3 3/8% and yield to maturity of 3.467%. These represent the lowest effective 10-year bond pricing and overall yield achieved in our history. Lastly, we have minimal debt maturing until 2023, with a balanced debt maturity schedule with no more than 7% of our debt as a percentage of enterprise value maturing in any given year. In summary, we have executed over $3 billion of refinancing, which resulted in extending our total weighted average debt maturity to 5.4 years, reducing our weighted average interest rate to 3.8%, all while maintaining an appropriately balanced floating rate mix of 26%. Finally, in 2019, we returned significant value to our shareholders with $482 million of stock repurchases as well as a total cash dividend of $0.85 per share, which represents a yield of approximately 5% on our current stock price. We also just announced the first quarter dividend of $0.20 per share. Turning to the forecast. Let me take a few minutes to detail the assumptions underlying our 2020 guidance. As Jim mentioned, we expect our revenue performance to be driven by group and leisure transient business as a result of the citywide calendar, growing economy and strong employment numbers. While the U.S. economy continues an unprecedented growth cycle, we have been thoughtful about the impact of the global economy and our own election cycle, which we believe continues to constrain the level of business investment. Overall, we expect our performance to be stronger in the first half of 2020 due to the strength of our group booking pace and more difficult comps in the second half of the year. We will also continue to benefit from owner's priority and operating profit guarantees related to the Marriott transformational capital program. Our forecast includes a total of $16 million of operating profit guarantees from Marriott, of which $9 million is included in comparable hotel EBITDA. Equally important, we expect as more properties are completed, we should begin to see an increase in each hotel's RevPAR index, which should bolster overall EBITDA for the properties. For modeling purposes, we expect adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter will range from 26% to 28% of our annual forecast. Lastly, total shares currently outstanding are approximately $705 million, reflecting the additional shares repurchased in the first quarter. In conclusion, we believe that Host Hotels & Resorts is the premier lodging REIT in the industry. We have a high-quality, well-diversified portfolio whose consistent performance is driven by strong in-house analytics and by working with the best operators in the business. With the only investment-grade balance sheet among lodging REITs, we are well positioned to continue to execute on our strategic vision to create long-term value for our shareholders. With that, we will now be happy to take questions. [Operator Instructions].
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Anthony Powell, Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Question on your commentary about cost increases peaking in 2020. I'm just curious why would that be given unemployment is still pretty low? Is it because of your own initiatives to increase productivity and efficiency? Or do you think that underlying inflation may start to decline next year and beyond?
James Risoleo: I believe that the underlying reason that we're seeing 5% increases in wages and benefits in 2020 really has to do with wage parity in certain markets. It's not a -- the 5% number is not rolled out across the portfolio, but it's in markets like Orange County, California and Houston, Texas. And we think that as we roll wage increases out, bring our associates at the hotels to parity, that we'll see more normalized wage increases going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smedes Rose, Citi.
Smedes Rose: I just wanted to ask you on your decision to change the same-store guidance. So I know that it affected for the new -- more newly acquired properties, but does it also change the timing from when renovated properties will come back into the same-store pool?
James Risoleo: It does not, Smedes. We have -- we studied this. We've thought about it and talked about it quite a bit internally. And I'm sure you're aware there is really no consistency among the lodging REIT peer group with respect to how we handle renovation projects and when renovations are deemed to be noncomp and when they come back into the comp pool. So we're still thinking about that. We obviously had a number of projects this year. There is a noncomp, and we frankly didn't think it was appropriate to make any changes with respect to the renovation side of the definition at this point in time. One thing that is consistent though that we have before not done is to report acquisitions on a pro forma basis. And everybody in the world of lodging REIT does report acquisitions on a pro forma basis, and that's why we made the change with respect to the 1 Hotel South Beach, and we will handle that in that way going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Bill Crow, Raymond James. 
William Crow: I'm actually going to ask 1.5 questions. Half a question is really focused on a follow-up from Anthony on labor costs. Just wondering how that's manifesting itself in your operations? In other words, are you seeing turnover dramatically higher? And is it fair to go back to the brands and ask for some flexibility in brand standards when it comes to labor, given the stress that everybody is under?
James Risoleo: Bill, we're not seeing inordinate amount of turnover. In fact, we benefit from the labor practices of two world-class operators who run most of our hotels, Marriott and Hyatt. They had very good retention rates. They're very attractive organizations for people to work at. So it really is solely as a result of wage parity in certain markets. That's why we're seeing the large increases this year.
William Crow: All right. And the real question is more strategic in nature. And thinking about it from a capital allocation perspective and even the share repurchase perspective, how would you do things differently if we're -- if you thought we were kind of trapped in the slow growth environment for several years?
James Risoleo: Well, Bill, you asked one question that keeps us up at night. Again, it's something that we think about from a -- not only from a capital allocation perspective, but also from an operation perspective. We have lived through some pretty meaningful down cycles. I won't go back beyond 9/11. But of course, we learnt a lot, given what happened to our industry in the post 9/11 world and then lived it again in 2008, 2009. So I think if we were to find ourselves in this type of tepid RevPAR growth environment or flat to negative RevPAR growth environment with resulting EBITDA declines, we would be having meaningful conversations with our operators about lasting brand standards. And that can mean everything from taking a look at restaurant offerings and hours of operation to in-room guest amenities, to guest amenities in concierge lounges and club lounges. Not that we're not doing this today. We would really push beyond those lines labor scheduling and technology.  So I think that's one of the first things that we would do if we found ourselves near to this environment for an extended period of time. On the capital allocation front, our balance sheet has never been in better shape. We -- as we sit here today, we have $1.6 billion of unrestricted cash. And if we were to go 3x leverage today, we could buy $2.5 billion plus of assets -- $2.5 billion to $3 billion plus of assets. As we think about the macro environment that we operate in today, we are being measured in our capital allocation decisions. We like the optionality that our balance sheet gives us today. If we're in a slow growth environment, couple of things we would consider doing might include accelerating investment in our portfolio going forward. We have the ability to do that, so that our assets are very well positioned when we see a reacceleration of RevPAR. We might consider if our stock price comes under pressure, enhancing the buyback program.  And lastly, I think that if we are in this environment for an extended period of time, you're likely to see some distress in the hotel world. We're seeing it already in New York. There's been a number of articles written regarding the level of default in New York City going up. And we like the position we're in with the balance sheet that we have, the optionality and flexibility to pivot one way or the other in good times or in tough times.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hightower, Evercore.
Richard Hightower: So like Bill, I'm going to ask 1 question with two totally unrelated parts. So here it goes. So really quickly the first part, just talk about maybe the thought process behind a relatively narrow range of comp RevPAR guidance, 100 basis points from top to bottom? And then -- so that's the first one. And then quickly, just more on the topic of cost controls. Are you seeing -- when we think about sort of more catastrophic weather events around the country, around the world, are you seeing a tightening in insurance market, specifically? And how do you sort of think about that with respect to your Florida exposure and maybe some other at-risk areas?
James Risoleo: The tight range, Rich, was really based on our view of the group visibility that we have today with 4.2% total group revenue pace and 77.5% of our group on the books. I would add that, I didn't address this in my comments, our group business is weighted more heavily towards the first half of the year than the second half of the year, which gives us comfort and visibility. And we continue to see strong leisure business -- transient leisure business. We're not seeing anything, frankly, on the business transient side. So we were very comfortable with the range we gave, primarily based on group visibility. And your second question was related to cost controls -- was it related to insured cost?
Richard Hightower: Yes. Just related to insurance cost, specifically, as we think about your Florida, your California exposure and is -- I guess, is Host in a position where you're big enough to where you can self-insure to some extent and so you see maybe a little less inflation in that particular cost category?
James Risoleo: No, we don't self-insure. We are in a unique position given the platform that we have, the scale that we have across a very diversified set of market. Our insurance cost will be going up this year. The insurance renewals occur midyear. So we would expect to see insurance cost increase in July, going forward lapping. Insurance cost is about 10% of our total cost basis. So it's not that meaningful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Bellisario, Baird.
Michael Bellisario: Just on your development and redevelopment comments that you made in the prepared remarks, is there room to do more here? And then how do you think about returns on these types of projects and then the risk associated with doing more redevelopment and development projects at this point in the cycle?
James Risoleo: Well, returns on development and redevelopment projects will at stabilization be double-digit cash-on-cash. It's going to range from property to property. Our returns on the Andaz Maui villas given the cost associated with developing and building Hawaii is likely to be on the lower end of that range, whereas we're in the process of moving forward with a large part at the Orlando World Center Marriott, where we expect very meaningful cash-on-cash returns as a result of putting that amenity in place and what that will allow us to do is shoulder a weakened transient business.  So the attractive returns we think that in addition to buying back our stock, which we view as incredibly inexpensive today, that investing in our portfolio is a very good place to be allocating capital. It's easier to underwrite these returns given our knowledge of the assets and the in-house expertise that we have. We have a best-in-class team, both on the asset management side and on our design construction side with years and years of experience of doing these types of projects. We are not going to say we never had a surprise, but we had very few surprises when it comes to construction budgets and timing. And we're very comfortable with our underwriting. I would just point out on the Marriott transformational capital program, where we're slightly underbudget in the aggregate for all the deals that we have undertaken today, and those are major products.
Michael Bellisario: Got it. And just fair to assume though that maybe versus 12 months ago, your appetite for doing more redevelopment and development is higher? Is that fair?
James Risoleo: I wouldn't say that -- I wouldn't really say it any differently. I mean, again, we have -- I have talked about it before. I mean we have the optionality given our balance sheet to allocate capital in a lot of different areas, whether it's within our portfolio, whether it's making acquisitions or buying back our shares.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Miller, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Gregory Miller: Jim and Brian, I'm on for Patrick Scholes. Just a quick question. How sustainable do you see the dividend today given the trajectory of RevPAR margins this year and next as you mentioned earlier about the balance sheet being in -- never being in better shape?
James Risoleo: We feel that this dividend based on our forecast for this year and how we're looking out to 2021 is sustainable at its current level. If we were to take into consideration our discretionary CapEx, not our maintenance CapEx, but our discretionary CapEx, our AFFO payout ratio is approximately 70%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Malkin, Capital One Securities.
Neil Malkin: I'm just going to ask one question with zero follow-ups. So I guess, just relating to the political landscape in California, you've seen the Oracle canceling the event in San Francisco, moving to Vegas, citing homelessness, drug, et cetera. You have split roll coming potentially at the end of this year. Just, I guess, what are you guys doing to combat these issues that seem to be garnering more and more headlines? Are you guys doing things with other peers, lobbies, et cetera? I'm just interested to know how you think about that area and your plans to navigate that going forward.
James Risoleo: Well, as I'm sure you will -- Neil will accept, myself and others at Host are very involved in various trade associations. I'm an officer of NAREIT, I'm an officer of AHLA. Struan is involved with AHLA. Nate is involved with AHLA. We are keenly focused on these issues not only at Host, but in concert with our constituent groups at those respective organizations. So when we think about split roll, it's something that we talk about internally, that we talk about at AHLA and NAREIT. And I would tell you that there is a unanimous point of view about how that will be approached going forward from a lobbying perspective and otherwise.
Neil Malkin: Okay. I guess, so in terms of like maybe San Francisco, does -- I mean do you think there's more to come, in terms of people leaving or anything like that would be helpful as well?
James Risoleo: We don't see anything more on the horizon there. Rich, actually I want to clarify something I said about insurance. I put an extra 0 behind the expense growth, it's 1% of expenses, it's not 10% of expenses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley, Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Jim, just wanted to clarify the -- maybe -- I think it was in the remarks to an earlier question, but just to make sure I caught it correctly. At least one of the big hotel operator -- brand operators did mention a little bit of positive activity on the sort of the demand or transient side over the last few weeks. Curious if you can corroborate anything you've seen in your hotels or anything that stands out maybe on the transient or the corporate side? And then -- so that would be the positive. And then on the cautious side, you gave the Chinese exposure on the coronavirus and that's really helpful. But we have seen some evidence of some group cancellations. Anything that's impacted Host Hotels or sort of just discussion points in the industry on group cancellations would be helpful.
James Risoleo: Yes, sure. On the business transient side, Shaun, we just don't see pickup. In business transient, our long history is really driven by nonresidential fixed investment. And the uncertain macro environment that we're living in today is driving nonresidential fixed investment down to a forecast of 70 basis points for 2020, off of a high -- not high, off of a 6.4% number in 2018. So I think businesses are being very cautious. Small businesses, in particular, are being cautious about spending money in this environment. So we have more clarity on the election and more clarity on coronavirus. I do think we still need clarity on trade policies. I know we've implemented a Phase 1 deal with China. I think there's a Phase 2 deal with China that needs to happen. And there's uncertainty with respect to our trading partners in Europe today. So we're not seeing it on business trend.  I wish I could tell you that we were, but we're just not. We are comfortable with the cadence in our guidance based on our group visibility, which is weighted towards the first half of the year. And we expect to see further pickup in leisure transient going forward. So coronavirus, we've seen a total impact top line revenues of about $1.5 million. We -- this year that there's a 1 group -- Facebook canceled a meeting in San Francisco. It was about 14,000 room nights scheduled for the first week of March. We really don't know why they canceled that meeting. There's some speculation that it was as a result of coronavirus, but definitively, I can't say it was for that reason or something else. And we're not sure of anything else at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aryeh Klein, BMO Capital Markets.
Aryeh Klein: So loyalty redemptions have been very healthy. How sustainable do you believe those are, with some of that pent-up demand post the merger and just customers essentially cashing in? And maybe if you can talk to the visibility you have there going forward?
James Risoleo: Our loyalty redemptions have been healthy. As I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we saw a meaningful pickup at three of our hotels, in particular, the Ritz-Carlton Naples, The Rich-Carlton Marina del Rey and The Phoenician as well. The changes that were made to the pricing structure, the tiered pricing structure and the occupancy levels to allow the owners to benefit in a greater way than have been structured under the old bed program we think are very sustainable going forward. We saw a meaningful pickup relative to the numbers that Marriott provided us when they were making changes to Bonvoy and more than double that the business cases they provided to us. And we expect to see additional pickups this year. The other thing that happened in the latter part of 2019 was a rolled out -- Bonvoy rolled out a peak/offpeak tier structure that we also think will provide benefits to the owners going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Woronka, Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Jim, I was hoping to get your opinion on -- as we see the big brand companies kind of introduce more and more brands and soft brands and semi-soft brands, what's your position on whether those are truly competitive with some of your, I would say, smaller kind of non-big group box properties? And at what point do you think owners -- is it something that the owners have to address with the brand companies?
James Risoleo: My personal point of view on supply is supplying that. I don't care what kind of supply it is. It's going to nip around the edges, we call it ankle biters. When we have big room houses and you've got a select-service hotel that's built in your submarket, it clearly is going to have some impact on you. The good news about our portfolio is that it's well diversified. We don't have any more than 10% of our EBITDA coming out of any one market. And it's something that we talk about with the brand all the time. I mean we are in a constant dialogue with them regarding impact of new development projects. It's just something that Host and all other owners are talking about and talking to the brands about today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay, RBC Capital Markets.
Wesley Golladay: Just another question on business transient trends, are you seeing much variance by region?
James Risoleo: Not really, Wes. I'd say it's fairly flat across the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Sullivan, BTIG.
James Sullivan: Quick question on the strength of the balance sheet as well as the appetite to buy back more shares. I think in the prepared comments, Jim, you mentioned that in terms of optionality, if shares come under pressure, you could obviously buy back more stock. And I wonder if you could help us understand what kind of flexibility you have and -- whatever metric you want to give, debt-to-EBITDA, is obviously very helpful. In terms of where you think you could go in that ratio, in terms of buying back shares before you'd be, well, maybe hesitate to go any further. How much more debt can you put on the balance sheet to buy back shares before the investment-grade rating becomes an issue?
James Risoleo: Well, I think this is a very hypothetical question, Jim. But in theory, and I'm not suggesting for a moment that we would do this, we could borrow up to $2 billion and that would take us to 3x leverage. And that is not anything that we're contemplating at this stage of the cycle given the macro uncertainty that exists in the world today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Powell, Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Just a question on the mix of customers. I think, historically, we thought that Host had about 2/3 business with group and corporate transient combined. It seems like transient -- I mean corporate side has been weak for a number of years. What's the updated customer mix between group, corporate transient and leisure transient in your portfolio?
James Risoleo: Corporate transient is about 59%, Anthony. And of that 59%, roughly 60% business and 40% leisure, contracts about 5% and groups right around 36% to 37%.
Operator: This concludes today's Q&A portion. I would now like to turn the call over to Jim Risoleo.
James Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter results and 2020 outlook with you. Look forward to seeing you at NAREIT and talking with you in a few months to discuss our first quarter results as well as providing you with more insight into how 2020 is progressing. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, it is now my pleasure to turn todays call over to Ms. Tejal Engman, Vice President. Please go ahead, maam.
Tejal Engman: Thanks, Carrie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts third quarter 2019 earnings call. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our third quarter results and update on our capital allocation activities and our outlook for 2019. Michael Bluhm our Chief Financial Officer will then provide detailed commentary on our third quarter performance, our capital position and our guidance for 2019. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Tejal, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We remain focused on creating value for our shareholders on multiple fronts in the third quarter, which exceeded consensus expectations for adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per diluted share. We grew comparable hotel Total RevPAR by 120 basis points in the third quarter and delivered our strongest comparable Total RevPAR and RevPAR performance year-to-date. We continued to successfully execute our capital allocation strategy by completing $565 million of asset sales and repurchasing $200 million of stock during the third quarter and have sold an additional $297 million of assets subsequent to quarter end. We strengthened our balance sheet by refinancing $650 million of Series Z and B bonds, with the first green bond issuance in the lodging industry and achieved the lowest effective bond pricing in the companys history. In addition, we increased the capacity of our revolving credit in term loan facility by $500 million to $2.5 billion. And finally, we made significant progress on our pipeline of ROI projects, which we expect will unlock embedded value at several of our iconic and irreplaceable assets. I will now discuss our comparable revenue performance, revised 2019 operational outlook, capital allocation and our pipeline of ROI projects. Michael will detail our third quarter comparable EBITDA margin performance, recap our balance sheet improvements and provide the specifics on our updated 2019 guidance. Beginning with our third quarter revenue performance, we drove comparable total RevPAR 120 basis points higher year-over-year through relatively strong growth in food and beverage as well as other revenues. While our comparable RevPAR declined by 20 basis points, it solidly outperformed STRs 80 basis point decline for luxury and upper upscale in the top 22 Host markets. Notably, our comparable RevPAR was impacted by an estimated 50 basis points of renovation disruption related to the Marriott transformational capital program. Adjusting for which, comparable RevPAR grew by 30 basis points year-over-year. Moreover, the tropical storms and hurricanes experienced during the quarter displaced comparable room revenue by approximately $1.2 million which impacted comparable RevPAR by another 20 basis points. Third quarter hotel occupancy was flat year-over-year, while ADR decreased by 20 basis points, primarily due to a decline in the association group business driven by a weak citywide calendar in markets such as Boston, Seattle and San Diego. We worked closely with our managers to partially mitigate this anticipated decline by growing our corporate group business by 8.3%. Additionally, strong contribution from our corporate group helped banquet and audio-visual revenues, which grew 3.8%. Third quarter transient revenue grew 70 basis points, driven by 2.8% growth in room nights due to leisure demand, bolstered by significant loyalty program redemptions. Loyalty program redemption revenues grew 7% driven by growth in both room nights and average rate. Our properties benefited from a solid increase in redemptions in the Florida Gulf Coast, Los Angeles and Orange County markets. We continue to realize improvements quarter-after-quarter from Bonvoy, which now has 137 million members and continues to grow rapidly. Growth in leisure more than offset the continued weakness in business transient, which reflects greater business cautiousness. The continued uncertainty of a long-term U.S. China trade deal, domestic political turbulence and decelerating global economic conditions are impacting business investment. Full year expectations for U.S. non-residential fixed investment have declined by 140 basis points since the beginning of the year and currently stand at 2.7%, which would represent the slowest pace of business investment growth since 2016. As discussed last quarter, we anticipated much of the revenue-led softness that the lodging industry experienced in the third quarter. As our expectations for business transient revenues have moderated further due to continuing macro uncertainties, we have revised our outlook for full year comparable constant dollar RevPAR growth to range between down 25 basis points to down 1%. We therefore expect comparable EBITDA margins to be down 20 basis points at the low end and up 10 basis points on the high end of our guidance. These assumptions result in full year forecasted adjusted EBITDAre of $1.505 billion to $1.530 billion and adjusted FFO per diluted share of $1.75 to $1.78. At the midpoint, our new adjusted FFO per diluted share is $0.01 higher than our prior forecast, primarily due to our share repurchases. Keep in mind that our revised guidance now includes a reduction of $2 million of forecasted EBITDA for the sale of Hyatt Regency Cambridge and the Sheraton San Diego and a reduction of approximately $2.5 million for the impact of the tropical storms and hurricanes in the third quarter. Michael will provide further detail on our EBITDA guidance in his remarks. Shifting to total group revenue pace, as I had discussed last quarter, our full year 2009 total group revenue pace is essentially flat, coming off a record year for group in 2018. Our fourth quarter total group revenue pace is up 1.1% and we have approximately 99% of our group business booked for 2019. 2020 is shaping up to be a better year for group business, with total group revenue pace nearly 4% ahead of the same time last year and with more than 65% of our rooms on the books. While we expect to see continued pressure on business transient, if the current macro uncertainty prevails, having a healthy total group revenue pace and group business on the books provides us with a solid base heading into next year. Considering the current macro environment, our managers continue to focus on group revenue pace. We hold monthly group pace discussions with both property management teams and senior sales leadership at the corporate level. We also provide feedback on implementing group campaigns and promotions to drive additional group demand and seller incentives to increase closure. We believe these incentives have helped ensure a focus on additional group pickup. Moreover, the citywide convention calendar is more favorable for our portfolio in 2020 relative to this year. Markets with better citywide demand in 2020 include Boston, Washington DC, Los Angeles, Chicago, Denver, Phoenix and San Diego. Additionally, Miami is hosting Super Bowl 54 and is expected to outperform the industry. We expect notable year-over-year declines in citywide in Atlanta, which hosted the Super Bowl this year, San Francisco and Philadelphia. As to capital allocation, we closed on the previously announced sale of eight assets for a total of $565 million during the third quarter and sold two additional assets, the Hyatt Regency Cambridge and the Sheraton San Diego for a total of $297 million subsequent to quarter end. In aggregate, we have sold approximately $1.3 billion of low RevPAR capital-intensive assets this year. After taking into consideration the estimated capital we would have spent on these assets, the combined EBITDA multiple and cap rate on trailing 12-month results would be 14.1 times and 6.3% respectively. We continue to take advantage of the current market conditions and execute on our strategy to refine our portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels in key markets with strong demand generators and high revenue generation, while opportunistically by divesting a lower RevPAR, higher capital expenditure assets. On the share repurchase front, we bought back $200 million of stock at an average price of $16.51 during the third quarter. Our buybacks through the third quarter totaled $400 million or 23 million shares on a year-to-date basis at an average price of $17.36. We have bought back an additional $14 million of stock subsequent to quarter end and have approximately $586 million of capacity remaining. We have been actively investing in value enhancing ROI projects across our portfolio. We are constructing a 165 key premium select service AC by Marriott Hotel on excess surface parking at the Westin Kierland in Phoenix. We expect to spend a total of approximately $36 million on this project, which remains on budget and on schedule to complete construction by late May 2020 and to open around mid year. We have also begun site development on 19 villas at Andaz Maui, which will be added to the 11 villas owned or rented within our hotel program. The existing villas in the rental program achieved a RevPAR of approximately $1,700 and exhibit strong demand throughout the year. We expect to invest a total of approximately $52 million and to complete construction by March 2021. This expansion was not a part of our underwriting when we acquired the asset last year and we are pleased to be capitalizing on another opportunity to create value for our shareholders. Lastly, we have continued to focus on enhancing the value and profitability of our portfolio through utility and water saving ROI projects, an important part of our award-winning and industry-leading corporate responsibility program. Year-to-date, we have underwritten and approved over $19 million to be invested in energy and water savings sustainability projects, and over the four-year period ending 2018, we completed over 650 projects with sustainability attributes totaling $210 million. We recently published our second corporate responsibility report available on our website where you can see additional information on this important program. In aggregate, we expect to invest $107 million in these value creation projects combined and to generate stabilized cash-on-cash returns in the range of 11% to 13%. Now, to an update on the 1 Hotel South Beach, which we acquired earlier this year. The hotel is performing better than our underwriting on EBITDA and the beach club ROI project is well underway with completion anticipated by year end. We expect to spend approximately $7 million and achieve a low teens stabilized yield on cost. Finally, we have made significant progress on the Marriott transformational capital program, with work underway or expected to be completed on 13 of the 17 properties by year end. As we have previously disclosed, three of four Marriott transformational capital projects, Coronado Island Marriott, New York Marriott Downtown and the San Francisco Marriott Marquis are now complete with the final project the Santa Clara Marriott completing in another week or so. An additional nine projects are underway. Importantly, we are close to completing nearly 40% of the total estimated spend by year end and are currently under budget for the program. The timing of the Marriott transformational capital program is highly beneficial to our shareholders. Completing these renovations in a low RevPAR growth environment minimizes the impact of the disruption and leaves us well positioned to achieve meaningful RevPAR index gains and accelerate EBITDA growth at stabilization and when RevPAR growth improves. Additionally, we are benefiting from operating profit guarantees that support EBITDA in a low RevPAR growth environment as we negotiated for protection for the disruption associated with the renovation spend. Moreover, we have negotiated increased priority returns on our investment, which will reduce incentive management fees and further boost our long-term EBITDA growth. Overall, we are well positioned in the currently challenging operating environment. Heading into next year, both the citywide convention calendar and the holiday calendar shift in our favor. Importantly, with leverage at 1.7 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA at quarter end, our investment grade balance sheet is in its best shape ever and we remain laser-focused on driving near and long-term value creation for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Bluhm: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $312 million and adjusted FFO per diluted share of $0.35 this quarter. Adjusted EBITDAre was approximately $12 million higher than we expected, primarily due to a shift in the timing of approximately $9.5 million of corporate and other expenses from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. These were expenses related to the recent IT upgrade investments, consultancy fees as well as the office move, which is now taking place in the fourth quarter. Note that certain costs related to our office move will be reclassified as an impairment in the fourth quarter and therefore added back to EBITDA. Finally, interest income in the third quarter exceeded our expectations by approximately $2 million. Comparable hotel EBITDA margins in the third quarter declined by 85 basis points. To put that in context, the 20 basis point decline in comparable RevPAR will typically result in a greater than 100 basis point decline in comparable EBITDA margins, assuming normal expense growth. Moreover, the year-over-year comparable EBITDA margin comparison was negatively impacted by 31 basis points from a one-time benefit received from the sale of Marriott centralized purchasing company in the third quarter of 2018. Finally, the receipt of approximately $2 million of operating profit guarantees from Marriott benefited comparable hotel EBITDA margins by 20 basis points. Overall, expense growth is primarily driven by increased wage and benefit expense, which as anticipated from faster in the third quarter than in the first and the second quarters. We collaborate closely with our managers on a variety of internal initiatives to drive ancillary revenue growth, improved productivity and increased operating costs. For example, food costs improved by 40 basis points and controllable expense growth was held at sub-inflation levels. Such initiatives serve to partially offset the increases in wages and benefits this quarter, which continue to accelerate in this low unemployment environment. We estimate that 60% of our margin outperformance this quarter was driven by internal initiatives. Whereas approximately 40% of our margin outperformance is driven by benefits related to the Marriott Starwood integration. These include reduced fees related to loyalty and rewards program and lower group and transient travel agent commissions as Marriott continues to use its increased scale to improve programs and combine systems to lower charge-out rates to its owners. While Jim detailed our comparable RevPAR performance by segment, let me provide additional color on comparable RevPAR and market basis. Our best performing domestic markets this quarter was in New Orleans, Miami, the Florida Gulf Coast, Maui and Philadelphia. We achieved RevPAR increases ranging from 4% to 17.6%. Our worst performing market this quarter was Jacksonville, where Amelia Island was evacuated and there was forced hotel closure during hurricane Dorian as well as New York, Orlando, Seattle and San Francisco. Overall, as Jim mentioned, our third quarter comparable RevPAR has outperformed STRs luxury and upper upscale segments in the top 22 Host markets by 60 basis points. Looking at 2020, we feel optimistic about the group business in several of our key markets. Beginning with Miami, we expect special events such as the Super Bowl and the return of the Ultra Music Festival at Bayfront Park helped create compression in the first half of the year. In Phoenix, we have a strong 2020 group booking pace and the Phoenician continues to outperform the market and its competitive set through strong leisure occupancy and ADR growth. Washington DC also had a stronger citywide calendar next year with one additional event and room nights up by double digits. But it is an election year which may impact days and session and overall demand. The Florida Gulf Coast has a strong 2020 group pace, while the supply of new direct competitors is not a major factor. The Don CeSar and the Ritz Carlton, Naples are therefore likely to continue to outperform the market next year. While Los Angeles will still feel the impact of supply absorption, citywides are expected to be up next year and our properties are attracting a healthy group pace. In Denver, we also have a solid group pace and expect the supply to accelerate. And finally, Boston is also gearing up for better citywide next year. As Jim mentioned, were pleased to be going into 2020 with a solid base of group business on the books, particularly as we expect to see continued pressure on business transient as the current macro uncertainty prevails. Moving on to the balance sheet, we achieved several milestones in the third quarter and in October. To begin with, we achieved an upgrade of our corporate credit rating BBB minus from BB plus by S&P Global ratings. We refinanced our Series D and B bonds maturing in October 2021 and March 2022 respectively. By issuing the first green bond in the lodging industry with a coupon of [indiscernible], which is the lowest effective 10-year bond pricing in the companys history. And as Jim mentioned on last quarters call, we refinanced our two term loans totaling $1 billion and expanded our revolving credit facility by $500 million to $1.5 billion. In aggregate, we completed over $3 billion of bank financing and have capitalized on the low borrowing cost environment. We have extended our weighted average debt maturity from 3.7 years to 5.7 years and reduced our weighted average interest rate from 4.3% to 3.9%, with an appropriately balanced floating to fixed ratio of 26%. In addition, we have eliminated debt maturities until 2023, while maintaining a balanced pro forma debt maturity schedule with no more than approximately 7% of our debt as a percent of enterprise value maturing in any given year. We ended the third quarter with $4.4 billion of total debt and $2 billion of cash. But subsequent to quarter end, we repaid our Series D and B bonds and completed $297 million of asset sales. As a result, our total debt is currently approximately $3.8 billion and our adjusted cash balance is approximately $1.6 billion, providing us with approximately $3 billion of liquidity, including the availability under our revolver. At quarter end, our leverage ratio was approximately 1.7 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility and its slightly lower pro forma for the asset sales completed subsequent to quarter end. In addition to the $400 million of buybacks completed year-to-date, we recently paid a regular third quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents a yield of approximately 5% on the current stock price. Turning to guidance, let me take a few minutes to detail the assumptions underlying our 2019 guidance. To begin with, we continue to expect to receive a total of $23 million of operating profit guarantees from Marriott for both comp and non-comp transformational capital programs, with approximately $3 million in total to be received in the fourth quarter. As Jim mentioned, we revised our comparable RevPAR guidance to a range of down 25 basis points to down 1%, indicating that we expect year-over-year RevPAR performance in the fourth quarter to be flat at the midpoint of our range. We expect the fourth quarter benefit from the lowest amount of renovation disruption in 2019 as well as a better December holiday calendar relative to 2018. We expect comparable EBITDA margins to be down 20 basis points at the low end and up 10 basis points at the high end of our guidance, which essentially implies unchanged margins despite flexible RevPAR expectations. These assumptions result in a full year forecasted adjusted EBITDAre of $1.505 billion to $1.530 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.75 to $1.78. We are revising our 2019 adjusted EBITDAre range to a new midpoint of approximately $1.518 billion, downward adjustment of $2 million from our previous guidance. The sales of the Hyatt Regency Cambridge and Sheraton San Diego, the tropical storms and hurricanes in the third quarter and the change in comparable RevPAR guidance range reduced adjusted EBITDAre by approximately $7 million at the midpoint. These were offset by approximately $5 million of lower corporate and other expenses in the fourth quarter as certain costs related to our office move will be reclassified as an impairment and therefore added back to EBITDA. With regards to a run rate 2019 EBITDA, the net impact of our 2019 dispositions and acquisitions will lower our run rate by approximately $58 million, which includes an approximately $30 million impact from the sale of the Hyatt Regency Cambridge and the Sheraton San Diego, as well as the previously disclosed $27 million impact related to net asset sales completed in the first three quarters of the year. To conclude, we are pleased to have delivered another quarter of successful capital allocation and to have further strengthened our balance sheet. We anticipate a much of the softness experienced by the lodging industry in the third quarter and are tightening our assumptions and guidance to reflect the incremental impact of continued macro uncertainty in the fourth quarter. We are well positioned for 2020 with a total group revenue pace of nearly 4% higher than the same time last year and with more than 65% of our rooms on the books. With that, well now be happy to take questions. To ensure that we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Q - Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Jim Risoleo: Good morning, Anthony.
Michael Bluhm: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Powell: Good morning. You mentioned that the Marriott capital plan is under budget and it seems to be going a bit faster than you originally guided to. Could you just update us on the total spend the cadence of the spend over the next couple of years and will there be less renovation disruption in 2021 relative to this year?
Michael Bluhm: Yes. So this is definitely going to be our biggest year of disruption, Anthony. For 2019, the CapEx spending curve associated with projects about $225 million. For 2020, its about $200 million, and in 2021 its $175 million. And when you sort of think about right sort of the operating profit guarantees and sort of a measurement of disruption in 2019 where we talked about it, weve got $23 million of operating profit guarantee that we have or will receive. In 2020, that number drops down to $16 million and then closes up to $19 million in 2021.
Anthony Powell: Got it, thanks. And you also mentioned that youre seeing more redemptions from Bonvoy. Whats the redemption mix in your portfolio and to those redemption of revenues continue to increase in future years?
Michael Bluhm: Yes, look. I mean, I think you saw Marriott International talk about Bonvoy redemptions up 20% or something like that last quarter. I will tell you that we saw in our loyalty program of 7.1%, it was certainly a big strong contributor to the business, and particularly in a market where we really needed the transient to lean in, given the weak group calendar.
Michael Bluhm: The dollar impact was year-over-year was about $3 million top line.
Anthony Powell: All right, great. Thats it from me, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Michael Bellisario with Baird.
Michael Bellisario: Good morning everyone.
Michael Bluhm: Good morning Mike.
Jim Risoleo: Good morning.
Michael Bellisario: How are you guys, if at all changing your revenue management strategies, heading into next year? And then how do the group pace numbers that you provided, how does that compare to same time last year?
Jim Risoleo: I wouldnt say that were making any material change to our revenue management strategies Mike. Weve said its really a dynamic pricing model. And its something we think about on a weekly basis quite frankly. I did mention in my comments that were working very closely with our managers across our hotel portfolio both at the property level and at corporate to stay more keenly focused at this point in time on group, given the fact that we are still seeing some weakness in business, transient, travel. So nothing really different from the way we manage it before. Just a difference in focus, which changes from time to time. Additionally, you asked the question of what is our group bookings going into 2020 this year relative to last year. Last year at this time we had about 62% of our business on the books, this year we are at 65%.
Michael Bluhm: Rich just to add to Jims comment, typically we would see sort of 60% to 65% towards the high end and make note thats coming off of the record group year with five million group rooms nights.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. One other thing I would add is Marriott is rolling out the enhanced reservation system. And were working closely with them to really maximize revenue on a hotel-by-hotel basis by making certain that different room types, different room locations, different room categories are priced appropriately. Its just one more lever that can be pulled to enhance revenue at each property.
Michael Bellisario: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Bill Crow with Raymond James.
Bill Crow: Good morning everybody. Jim weve heard a lot of positive comments from not only your team, but others on the group pace for next year in certain markets. I think thats all fine and good. But the problem this year has not really been group, its been leisure, its been business transient, its been inbound international, its been supply. I guess Im just trying to get how much confidence you have based solely on this uptick that you think youre going to see in a number of markets?
Jim Risoleo: Bill, we were faced with a very weak citywide calendar in 2019. And our under performance in Q3 was directly related to weakness in association group, which we anticipated. I think the number was down 4.3% for us in the quarter. So it did have a meaningful impact, 4.3% in room nights for us in the quarter on the group side of it. You raised the issue of new supply. As we think about the business, obviously we think about our segments starting with through association, corporate group, business transient, leisure transient contract and then we always have supply to deal with as well. So you are correct in saying that supply has been a headwind, particularly in the top 25 markets where we are strongly represented in 22 of those 25 markets. I take great encouragement that we were able to handle the outperform STR in the third quarter in the top 22 market segments as related to upper upscale and luxury. We actually picked up about 30 basis points in yield index in the quarter. So were really focused on gaining market share and maximizing revenues through each category. When group isnt there, then well turn  when association group isnt there, we will turn to corporate group. When business transient isnt there, we will turn to leisure. Supply is going to tick along in 2020. But from our perspective, we see 2020 as the peak year for supply.
Bill Crow: Thats helpful. If I could just follow-up with one other question, when you have these massive renovations that youre undertaking now completing, what has been your experience with TripAdvisor scores or other review scores? How hurt do they get and what do you do to kind of change the momentum once you reopen?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, of course, hotels in, lets say, not optimal condition, your TripAdvisor scores in ratings are going to be impacted. I think the example that I can point to that is from my perspective, I think, the poster child of what renovations can do for a property is the Phoenician. Prior to our renovation, the hotel was very tired. It hadnt had any investment for an extended period of time.  And in regards to the point where meeting planners just werent even comfortable, taking groups to the property. Even though its a great physical asset, great volumes over 600 rooms, great indoor meeting space, great outdoor meeting space, it had a spa which was underwhelming, it had a golf course which was under whelming. And by renovating that asset in a manner that we did, weve seen it turnaround and just outperform in an incredible way. And next year, the group pace of that property is up well and were seeing very strong leisure bookings also. So when a hotel is completely renovated, the TripAdvisor ratings and scores get wiped out and when it comes back online, its re-rated at a higher level.
Bill Crow: Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Rich Hightower with Evercore.
Rich Hightower: Hey, good morning guys.
Jim Risoleo: Hi Rich.
Rich Hightower: So just a really quick question on 4Q guidance. If Im doing the arithmetic correctly, it seems like the implied range there from top to bottom is something along the lines of negative 1.5% to positive 1.5%. So correct me if Im wrong there, but if Im not wrong, what would drive the low end versus the high end kind of given the number of days left in the year? And then Ive got one follow-up after that.
Michael Bluhm: Yes, lets just correct the math a little bit. On the high end, it is 1%. On the low end, its 1.6%. At the midpoint, its flat.
Rich Hightower: Okay. So any qualitative factors kind of driving that range at least?
Michael Bluhm: Yes, look, I think, as Jim pointed out, I think the fourth quarter is setting up to be a nice setup, right? Were going into with 1.1% up under group pace. December is in particular with Hanukkah moving to the back half of the month, really creates a nice clean December. So I think we feel like  you dont necessarily need to believe a lot to get to that level, but nonetheless anyway.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, a couple of other  I will elaborate on that a bit, Rich. I referenced in my comments that we have 99% of our total group revenue pace on the books already, and that we saw a 1.1% pickup in total group revenue pace for Q4. Our Q4 bookings are currently standing at 94%. So we have a bit of room to fill in to really drive revenues at the properties in quarter four from a group perspective. Were hoping we would see another pickup in corporate group like we did in Q3 with the higher food and beverage spend. Two other points with respect to Q4 to give us confidence in our numbers. Number one, its going to be the lowest renovation disruption quarter from the Marriott transformational capital program. Were anticipating about 10 basis points in renovation disruption in Q4. And lastly, we are getting an extra week in December relative to where we were last year. Given the fact that Hanukkah is virtually on top of Christmas.
Rich Hightower: Okay, thats helpful. And then my follow-up here, if you take a step back, Host has sold something along the lines of $3 billion in assets over the past three years. I know some of thats opportunistic, some of that is part of sort of a targeted strategy of selling what you dont want to own into the next cycle and all that makes sense. But how far along do you think we are in that process and when do you sort of think were going to have the team on the field that we want so to speak at the end of that process? Is there a way to sort of handicap that at this point in time?
Jim Risoleo: I would say, I think, were very far along, Rich. I mean there were unique reasons why we elected to sell the Sheraton San Diego and the Hyatt Cambridge, which Ill come back and talk about in a minute, but if you look at some of the assets that weve sold, I would describe them as profitability challenged hotels. And that was really a focus on the assets that we sold in New York City, the 2Ws and the Westin Grand Central. We made a decision to exit for the most part all of our international assets and we sold our European JV position. You may recall, we also sold the JW Marriott, Mexico City, bringing in the coast to be much more of a U.S.-centric company. We have very little international exposure today, with three hotels in Brazil and two in Canada. So the rest of the assets and opportunistic was the sale of the Marquis retail. A lot of the other assets were really those assets that were generating very low RevPAR in markets that we view is dynamic and had high CapEx needs. And I would tell you that, I think, the Sheraton San Diego falls right into that category. The Hyatt Cambridge doesnt, and we evaluated each of those hotels on a standalone basis taking into consideration likely future performance, CapEx needs of each property and derive the whole value, and we have one buyer for both of them. Im not at liberty to disclose the buyer due to confidentiality in our documents, but we have one buyer for both hotels. And what that allowed us to do was really to exit the Sheraton in San Diego where, as you know, we have three really terrific assets with the Manchester Grand Hyatt, which is 1,600 feet and the San Diego Marriott Marquis which is 1,300 rooms and Coronado Island Marriott. So we had keen insights into that market and really understand the dynamic of what makes that market tick in, where demand comes from and where demand goes into what properties. Now Sheraton, I dont think we have another hotel in our portfolio like it from the perspective that its a dysfunctional box in two towers and its in a submarket location that I would say is probably third tier in San Diego. So as we think about it, thats probably the toughest asset that we had. Were happy to be able to exit that at what we consider to be a very fair price. The other hotel that weve talked about from time to time is the Sheraton in New York. So we continue to explore the market for that asset and look at other alternatives for that property, but in general, I think, were in very good shape.
Rich Hightower: Awesome, thanks for that. Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Hey, good morning guys.
Jim Risoleo: Good morning.
Chris Woronka: Good morning. One of the big surprises, I think, this year has been kind of the continuation and the strength of the out-of-room revenues, especially on the, I guess ancillary and fee side. Can you maybe share with us how impactful thats been relative to your initial expectations? And then, is there a tail to that? How long do some of those ancillary gains continue as we look out into the future?
Jim Risoleo: I think there are obviously a number of different components when we talk about ancillary revenues, Chris. And weve seen increases in all of them, and were going to continue to drive them because we think its really important that while you realize RevPAR is a marker for overall performance, total RevPAR is a very good indication of how youre running your hotels and really speaks a lot to profitability of the properties. So we continue to see pickups in food and beverage and AD revenues across the portfolio. We have better capture of cancellation fees now, not that cancellations are higher, but due to automated systems. We are still continuing to see a ramp in spa and golf revenues. I would expect well continue to see that through the course of 2020 at the Phoenician, as I talked about it before, weve redone the golf course and redone the spa and its really paying off. And as we think about the higher rated corporate group customer, they also bring a higher spend and bank what revenues. So those are areas that were focused on. Obviously another area of ancillary revenues continues to be resort and destination fees. We are continuing to focus on greater capture at our properties, making certain that any fee that were charging is transparent to the customer and that there is a solid value proposition received on a case-by-case basis.
Chris Woronka: Okay, great color. And just as a follow-up, it appears as if Marriott, you are based on our kind of analysis of all the numbers including your portfolio had some of their brands had lost share in the last couple of years maybe as a result of the integration, but now you know, starting with this quarter, certainly it looks like the gained relative share. Do you guys  is there a way for you guys to handicap that or underwrite that? And would you assume that the Marriott brands continue to gain relative share next year?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, I would hope so that they will continue to gain share. We gained 30 basis points in share in quarter three, and were very excited about that actually. Marriott is working very hard to improve the Sheraton brand. I think they realized that they have an issue with Sheraton across the system, and they are also going to reinvent the W brand, which I think are probably the two laggards when it comes to market share for Marriott. So they are undertaking efforts to fix those two brands going forward. I talked about Bonvoy, I talked about 137 million members. And what weve seen in terms of a pickup in redemptions, its clearly going to be a big impact going forward. And I think it will help across the system with gains in market share. It just goes without saying now as the two programs are integrated, the SPG member now has access to all the Marriott properties and the all Marriott Rewards member now has access to all of the legacy Starwood assets. So we saw a pickup in our portfolio in the third quarter and lets see what happens next year.
Michael Bluhm: A couple of other quick data points. We saw direct booking channel go up 4% as well. And the other thing, and Jim touched on this in his comments, you know how we get a large percentage of our business with Marriott and Starwood in aggregate, and for us to outperform the top 25 markets, the top 22 markets so meaningfully, I think, really speaks to the effect that our operator in particular Marriott had done throughout the quarter.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to go back on the dispositions. It sounded like youre towards the end of the program, but it would be interesting just to hear any thoughts you have on the current financing environment if theres been any changes there. And then just as a point of clarification, you mentioned a multiple of 14.1 times on the asset sales. Could you provide that multiple without including the CapEx that you would have invested into the properties that you continue to own them?
Jim Risoleo: Sure. I think its 11.3 times, Smedes. And if you look in our supplement, on Page 33 we clearly lay out and weve done this quarter to quarter, we clearly lay out the methodology that we use in determining what the avoided CapEx is. It really is a component of our build-up to our whole value. We look at both the aggregate CapEx when we think about the reserves on the property as a marker for EBITDA and then we look at the owner-funded CapEx as a marker for cap rate. Those amounts were discounted back over a 10-year time frame, which is the way we do all of our whole values utilizing a discount rate of 8%. So its a real number, its in the disclosure document.
Smedes Rose: Okay, great.
Jim Risoleo: I will let Michael talk about the financing markets.
Michael Bluhm: And then with respect to the financing markets, couple of observations. From the equity side, Jim has talked about before, private equity has been the marginal buyer today for the asset sales that weve done as well as sort of the market in general. They are sitting today with a record amount of dry powder. The debt capital markets, particularly the CMBS market continues to be wide hot, the financing, sort of the financing on strategic hotels has been talked about as a bit of a head scratcher, but super low debt yields, record low interest rates. As long as that market continues to hold up both in the conduit and single asset securitization market, I think, makes for a pretty healthy backdrop with respect to transaction activity.
Smedes Rose: Are you seeing any kind of increase in LTVs or
Michael Bluhm: No, we havent. But interestingly enough, sort of notwithstanding how the market has sort of slowed down, the CMBS market continues to hold pretty tightly as the sort of same the debt yields even see into the past couple of years.
Smedes Rose: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask about plans for the balance sheet. You have already investment grade and then with these asset dispositions, you have a very strong balance sheet. Whats the plan for that, you know, being so kind of under-levered? Is there a potential that you want to buy something and you want to be in a position to do that, or are you just trying to be defensive going into  concerned about a downturn? How should we think about what youre likely to do with your balance sheet at these levels, the leverage level so low? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Robin, we certainly are not wishing for a downturn. We have been very active on the capital allocation front, and we view three outlets for capital today. One is on the acquisition side, which Ill come back and talk about in a minute. The second is investing in our portfolio, which we spend a lot of time talking about that in connection with the Marriott transformational capital program as well as the sustainability ROI projects and the other ROI projects that were undertaking, and it is something that we continue to mine the portfolio for to look for other opportunities to create shareholder value. And the third is obviously share buybacks. And share buybacks to date have equated to $400 million plus a little more in the third quarter. So as we think about capital allocation going forward, we will take a measured approach on when and what amount to continue to buy back stock based on our view of the macro conditions in the world and our view of the operating cadence of our business as we think about getting into the budgeting process for 2020. On the acquisition front, in the last call, I talked about acquisitions having a high bar given the  frankly given the uncertain macro environment, but there may very well be a transaction or more than one transaction that makes sense. So its going to depend on starting with what market the asset might be located in, what the demand drivers are, what the pricing is and what we think we can achieve going forward from asset management initiatives and improving the operating performance of a particular property. So I think there are a lot of things on the table. You never say never to anything, but by no means are we in any rush to get all this money invested.
Michael Bluhm: Yes, look  and you should say, Robin, there is no read through for what we get on the financing other than it would capitalizing on whats probably one of the best financing environment weve seen in our lives. Again, Jims comment earlier, you never know where youre headed, but we had a couple of maturities coming up and we went back and you look at kind of what happened in last downturn, Marriott international bond spreads grew at 1,000 basis points for almost 18 months. So it was sort of certainly, it was a pretty prudent time to really push out the maturity schedule, and clean up the balance sheet and position us for whatever market was going into the next couple of years.
Robin Farley: That makes sense. I guess maybe just one follow-up would be, is there sort of a target leverage ratio that I realize at any given point, you are evaluating share repurchase or an asset or two out there that you might want to buy? What should we think about as your targeted leverage range?
Jim Risoleo: I dont know that its changed from where we talked about in the past, and we are thinking about leverage in the range of 2.5 times to 3 times debt to EBITDA.
Robin Farley: That leaves a pretty substantial potential in terms of what you could do with share repo transactions or acquisitions right, based from where you are now to get to 2.5 times to 3 times?
Jim Risoleo: Thats about $2 billion to $2.5 billion of dry powder.
Robin Farley: Okay, all right, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question will be from Lukas Hartwich with Green Street Advisors.
David Bragg: Yes, this is David on for Lucas. Just two quick ones, for you on San Francisco. First off, just curious what your expectations are for that market next year, given your comments, Jim, on a weaker citywide calendar? And then the second one is just Im curious what you anticipate for your two Hyatt Hotels in that market with the new Grand Hyatt opening up at the airport? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Ill talk about the two Hyatts first. The Hyatt at the airport is obviously an in-terminal hotel. We see it not impacting either of our properties in any material way going forward, I mean we have a lot of meeting space at Burlingame, its really  so its more toward a group house. I think the Hyatt at the airport is going to be transient. And Union Square is a unique hotel in an unique location. So next year, were probably looking at San Francisco RevPAR performance of 2.5% to 3.5%, somewhere in that range.
David Bragg: Got it. Thats it from me. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, Id now like to turn the call back over to Jim Risoleo for closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and 2019 outlook with you. Look forward to seeing you at NAREIT and talking with you in a few months to discuss our full-year results as well as providing you with 2020 guidance. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Shantelle. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts second quarter 2019 earnings call. Before we begin, I like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filing with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our second quarter results, and update on our capital allocation activities and our outlook for 2019; Michael Bluhm, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide commentary on our second quarter performance, our capital position and our guidance for 2019. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you, Gee, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. I want to start by emphasizing how proud I am of all that we have and are accomplishing in here at Host. Our successful execution continues to underscore the advantages of our geographically diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels our unprecedented scale and platform to drive internal and external growth and the power and flexibility of our investment-grade balance sheet. Together, these key pillars form the foundation of Host, the premier lodging REIT. On the operations front, we delivered adjusted EBITDAre of $460 million and adjusted FFO per diluted share of $0.53, which was in line with the consensus estimates for the quarter. Our performance this quarter was driven by 10 basis point increase in comparable total RevPAR to $305 which includes all hotel level revenues including food and beverage and other revenues. We had strong comparable hotel EBITDA margins despite flat revenues and pressure on wages and benefits. Our EBITDA margin declined 20 basis points, which included a 30 basis point negative impact related to the timing of the receipt of the New York Marriott Marquis tax rebate which we received in the second quarter of 2018 and six basis points related to severance from a planned operational restructuring at one of our properties this year. Excluding these one-time impacts, our EBITDA margin would have increased an impressive 16 basis points. We generated exceptional bottom line performance results despite the comparable hotel RevPAR decline of 1.5% in the second quarter. The second quarter RevPAR results was driven by an occupancy decrease of 140 basis points which was partially offset by a slight increase in average rate. The factors that affected RevPAR this quarter include an estimated 90 basis points impact from disruption related to the Marriott transformational capital program weaker-than-expected transient demand in major markets like New York and supply growth in Seattle. New York and Seattle had a meaningful impact on RevPAR for the quarter. Excluding those two markets our comparable hotel RevPAR would have increased 20 basis points. This performance once again demonstrated the benefits of our scale and integrated platform, key elements underpinning our ability to deliver outsized results. We continue to benefit from our internal initiatives, the Marriot-Starwood merger synergies, the receipt of operating profit guarantees from the Marriott transformational capital program and increases in ancillary revenues. Michael will provide additional commentary on our continued margin outperformance in his prepared remarks. In addition to our continued outperformance on our EBITDA margins we have made significant progress on the capital allocation process. Year-to-date we bought back $245 million of common stock and we are opportunistically taking advantage of the current market conditions to divest some of our low RevPAR high-capital expenditure assets amid a strong capital margin environment. During the quarter, we closed on the previously announced sale of The Westin Mission Hills, as well as two additional assets. Our leasehold interest in the Washington Dulles, Airport Marriott and the Newport Beach Marriott Bayview. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold the Residence Inn Arlington Pentagon City, The Courtyard Chicago Downtown and Chicago Marriott Suites OHare, which we closed late yesterday. Including the Westin Grand Central sold in the first quarter year-to-date we completed seven asset sales for $609 million and have an additional five assets under contract for sale. For all assets sold year-to-date and those assets under contract after taking into consideration the estimated capital we would have spent on these assets the combined EBITDA multiple and cap rate on the trailing 12-month results would be 15.3 times and 5.7% , respectively. We continue to focus on advancing our long-term strategic vision of owning iconic and irreplaceable properties in key markets with strong demand generators and high barriers to entry while divesting low RevPAR high capital expenditure assets through active portfolio management, ensuring that the company is well-positioned for continued growth. As announced in our earnings press release, our Board authorized an increase in our share repurchase program to $1 billion. After taking into consideration, the $245 million brought back to-date, which includes amounts brought back in the second quarter and through the 10b5-1 program subsequent to quarter end, we have $755 million of capacity remaining. In addition, we further strengthened our balance sheet in the quarter by taking advantage of the strong bank debt markets. We refinanced our revolving credit facility in term loans, upsizing it from $2 billion to $2.5 billion. Michael will discuss this further in his prepared remarks. The balance sheet has never been in better shape and we are committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating. Shifting to reinvesting in our portfolio, we anticipate spending between $235 million and $265 million on renewal and replacement capital expenditures and between $315 million and $345 million on redevelopment and ROI projects this year. The ROI projects include $225 million related to the Marriott transformational capital program for which Marriott provides operating profit guarantees to cover the anticipated disruption and enhanced owners' priority returns on the incremental spend. The transformational capital program, which carries through 2021 will position the 17 targeted hotels, which are some of the most notable in our portfolio as even stronger competitors and their respective markets with the goal of enhancing long-term performance and becoming number one in their competitive sets. We believe this is a great high return use of shareholders capital as transformational capital projects have typically resulted in meaningful increases in RevPAR yield index, which translates to strong improvement in EBITDA. We expect the ROI on these investments to be in the mid-teens. In 2019 as I have stated we intend to spend approximately $225 million on 10 projects with four to be completed during the year. Thus far both the Coronado Island Marriott and the New York Marriott Downtown have been completed. Two additional hotels the San Francisco Marriott Marquis and Santa Clara Marriott are expected to be completed in the fourth quarter. Only 3 of the 10 hotels where we are allocating this capital, the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, the Minneapolis Marriott City Center and the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter are excluded from our forecast comparable results. The seven that are still included in our comparable results have impacted RevPAR in the second quarter by an estimated 90 basis points and we expect will impact full year comparable RevPAR by 50 basis points. However, the RevPAR impact is mitigated by the operating profit guarantee of approximately $5 million and $10 million that has been included in comparable hotel EBITDA for the second quarter and full year forecast, respectively. For 2019, we expect to receive a total of $23 million of operating profit guarantee payments for both comp and non-comp transformational capital projects. This has been included in our guidance for EBITDA. Turning now to our outlook for the remainder of 2019. The U.S. economy slowed, but still grew a solid 2.1% in the second quarter. Strong consumer spending offset a drop in business investment. Consumer confidence is at an all-time high, while employment is at a 50-year low. The consumer is in good shape and leisure demand remained strong. Businesses were cautious in the quarter likely driven by the global slowdown and the uncertainty surrounding the ongoing trade negotiations. Full year non-residential fixed investment while still healthy declined 40 basis points since the first quarter to 3.6%. We believe this led to a decline in business transient demand especially in major markets such as New York and San Francisco. All of these factors resulted in weaker result than we and the industry anticipated. Overall, as we look to the second half of the year and amid the growing uncertainty of a trade deal with China being concluded in the near-term, we do not see any near-term catalyst to induce business transient demand. As a result, we are revising our full year guidance to reflect a slightly softer operating environment. Our outlook for the full year for comparable constant dollar RevPAR growth is now flat to down 1%. Based on our continued margin outperformance in the second quarter and our confidence that the increases are sustainable through the remainder of the year, we are increasing our margin guidance. We now expect comparable EBITDA margin to be down 25 basis points at the low end and up 25 basis points on the high end of our guidance. Michael will provide further details surrounding our second quarter margin outperformance as well as reasons for our confidence for the remainder of the year in his prepared remarks. These assumptions result in full year forecasted adjusted EBITDAre of $1.5 billion to $1.54 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.73 to $1.78. Keep in mind that our new guidance now includes a reduction of $21 million through our forecasted EBITDA for the sale of the Residence Inn Pentagon City; Chicago Marriott Suites OHare and five additional anticipated asset sales. If we do not sell these assets at the midpoint, our guidance for adjusted EBITDAre would have been $1.541 billion and adjusted FFO per share would have been $1.79. Before handing the call over to Michael, I would like to reiterate that we are very pleased with our ability to continue to outperform our margins and continue to execute on our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Our diversified portfolio of irreplaceable assets, our unmatched scale and platform and our investment grade balance sheet all position us to deliver shareholder value in the near, medium and long-term. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael who will discuss our operating performance and balance sheet in greater detail.
Michael Bluhm: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, all of us at Host are pleased with our strong continued bottom line performance this quarter. Our asset management and enterprise analytics teams continue to assist their managers with controlling costs to drive margins in a low total RevPAR environment. With that, let's discuss the details of our result for the quarter. On a constant currency basis, comparable total RevPAR, which includes all hotel level revenues including food and beverage and other revenues, improved 10 basis points to $305, representing an all-time high for the company. Strong food and beverage spend and ancillary revenues resulted in the record performance. Comparable room RevPAR decreased 1.5% on a constant currency basis, which was driven by a 140 basis points decrease in occupancy, partially offset by a 30 basis point increase in average rate. As Jim mentioned, renovation disruption from the Marriott transformational capital program reduced our second quarter comparable RevPAR by 90 basis points. Consistent with STR data for the overall industry, we experienced weaker than anticipated RevPAR in the second quarter due to softness in business transient demand especially in the top markets. Our relative overweighting in the U.S. in Seattle, which declined a combined 10% also hindered portfolio performance. Excluding these two markets, comparable RevPAR increased 20 basis points. Moving on to comparable hotel EBITDA margins, we continue to deliver impressive margins through our internal initiatives and the benefits from the Marriott-Starwood merger synergies, demonstrating the benefits of our scale and integrated platform to deliver continued operational outperformance. As Jim mentioned for the quarter, comparable hotel EBITDA margin declined by 20 basis points. However, after factoring in 30 basis point impact related to the timing of tax rebates for the New York Marriott Marquis and six basis points related to severance from our planned operational restructuring at one of our hotels, our comparable hotel EBITDA margins increased by 16 basis points. This is remarkable given a 1.5% decline in RevPAR this quarter. These factors resulted in adjusted EBITDAre for the quarter of $460 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.53. Now let me provide some additional color around our margin outperformance. As we highlighted on the first quarter earnings call, a variety of internal initiatives are continuing to drive ancillary revenue growth, productivity improvement and decreased operating costs. These efforts are serving to offset increases in wages and benefits, which are accelerating in this low unemployment environment. In addition to these initiatives, we continue to receive outsized benefits from the synergies with the Marriott-Starwood merger. Marriott continues to use its increased scale to improve programs and combine systems to lower charge-out rates to its owners. This quarter we've seen reduced fees related to the loyalty and rewards program, IT systems and group and travel agent commissions. And finally the receipt of approximately $5 million related to the operating profit guarantees from Marriott for the comparable hotels that are part of the Marriott transformational capital program is enhancing margins by approximately 40 basis points this quarter and will continue through the remainder of the year and into 2021. Now let's discuss the performance of our business mix. Starting with our transient segment. Second quarter transient revenues were up 40 basis points and underperformed their expectations as an increase in demand was partially mitigated by an average rate decline of 50 basis points. These results were lower than on our forecast due to weaker-than-expected business transient demand, especially in top markets such as New York and San Francisco. The weakening fundamentals around the global economy along with the uncertainties surrounding the resolution of the China trade issues weighed on business transient demand this quarter. On a positive note leisure travel continues to be strong and improved as expected, as revenues increased 4% driven by an almost 8% growth at our resorts. As expected group revenues declined 4.7% in the quarter driven by a lack of citywide events in San Diego, Seattle, Chicago, New Orleans and Washington D.C. The late Easter resulted in the group volume decrease in April for us and the industry. Our managers were very successful in partially mitigating, the group volume decline by pursuing corporate group business, which proved successful as this segment improved 6.4% this quarter. This increased in corporate business, which represents the largest segment of all business this quarter towards the banquet and catering outperformance. Overall, we're pleased with our optimal group mix for our portfolio. As you recall, 2018 was a record year for group room nights with five million group rooms booked for the year. Consistent with last year, we had over 90% of our group business booked for the remainder of 2019 providing a strong base to business. Looking at individual markets. Our best performing domestic market this quarter were Philadelphia, the Florida Gulf Coast, Phoenix and Maui with RevPAR increases ranging from 5% to 12%. Our hotels in Philadelphia outperformed STR's luxury and upper-upscale market by a wide margin with RevPAR growth of 11.5% versus STR luxury and upper-upscale RevPAR of 3.6%. Strong group business at our properties in Philadelphia allowed the managers to drive average rate, which increased 10.6%. Florida Gulf Coast RevPAR increased 7.7% outperforming STR luxury and upper-upscale due to stronger business, which was up 18.5% this quarter. The strong group business resulted in increased food and beverage revenues by 9% and increased banquet and catering sales by almost 13%. In addition, weather-related events in the Southeast benefited the Tampa Airport Marriott. RevPAR for our Phoenix hotels outperformed our portfolio this quarter with RevPAR growth of 6.6%. This was primarily driven by strong leisure demand as transient revenues grew 10.7%. The Phoenician was the exception to this trend in which displays transient occupancy did a stronger group performance and was able to grow transient ADR over 23%. Now moving on to the markets that were more challenged in the second quarter. Our hotels in Seattle, Orlando and New York saw RevPAR declines ranging from 10% to 11%. The Seattle hotels saw RevPAR decline of 11.2%, which was in line with STR market luxury and upper-upscale hotels. The RevPAR decline was related to the lack of citywide demand in the quarter putting downward pressure on group and transient pricing. The entire market was down 5% in group room nights in the quarter. This coupled with new supply especially the new 1,300 room Hyatt Regency in Downtown Seattle has put pressure on pricing in the market. RevPAR at our Orlando World Center Marriott declined 10.6% in the second quarter underperforming our internal forecast. Weaker-than-expected group business drove this decline paired with transient rate softness from lack of compression. In addition, the rooms renovation is part of the Marriott transformational capital expenditure program began in the second quarter. New York hotels RevPAR declined 9.8% as softer demand experienced in the first quarter continued into the second quarter and demand for the Times Square submarket was worse than the overall New York market. STR's luxury and upper-upscale RevPAR was down 1.9% for New York while the Times Square sub-market was down 4.2%. In addition, major disruption from the renovations at our New York Marriott Marquis and New York Marriott Downtown contributed to the RevPAR decline. However, as these are part of the Marriott transformational capital program, EBITDA related to the disruption was protected through the Marriott operating profit guarantees. Lease demand was also down and there was a large cancellation at the Sheraton New York for which we received cancellation fees. The New York market continues to experience weakness from both business and leisure customers and new supply, reducing our exposure to profitability challenged hotels in this market over the past year has strengthened the overall portfolio. Looking ahead to the full year, we continue to expect RevPAR at our hotels in the Florida Gulf Coast, Jacksonville and Philadelphia to outperform the portfolio due to strength in corporate and leisure demand as well as strong city-wides. Conversely, we expect RevPAR at our hotels in Seattle, New York and Chicago to underperform our portfolio due to continued weakness in business transient demand, weak citywide calendars or additional supply. Moving to our balance sheet. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility. We are the only lodging REIT with an investment-grade balance sheet, which we are committed to maintaining. At quarter end, we had unrestricted cash of $1.1 billion, not including $203 million FF&E escrow reserve and $943 million of available capacity of remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Total debt was $3.9 billion with a weighted average maturity of 3.7 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.3%. Our leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter was approximately 1.8 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility. Subsequent to quarter end, we completed $2.5 billion of bank financing capitalizing on one of the lowest borrowing cost in the company's history. To this end, we refinanced our two term loans totaling $1 billion and expanded our revolving credit facility by $500 million to $1.5 billion. As a result, we enhanced our liquidity, extended our weighted average maturity to 4.6 years, pushed at our nearest maturity to 2021 and reduced our borrowing cost by again 10 basis points across the grid. Turning to our return on capital discussion. In July, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share which represents a yield of approximately 4.8% on our current stock price. In addition, as mentioned in the press release, we repurchased 10.9 million shares during the second quarter at an average price of $18.32 for a total purchase price of $200 million. Subsequent to quarter end we bought back an additional 2.7 million shares at an average price of $16.83 for a total purchase price of $45 million under 10b5-1 program. Finally, we recently received authorization from our Board to increase our buyback capacity up to $1 billion, providing us incremental capacity of $755 million. Notably, year-to-date we have returned $725 million of capital to our stockholders. Let me take a few minutes to discuss some assumptions included in our 2019 guidance. As Jim described, we revised the comparable RevPAR guidance for the year to negative 1% to flat, indicating that we expect RevPAR for the second half of the year to be stronger than the first, albeit at a lower level than we forecasted last quarter. Included in this range is our estimate of a 50 basis point impact to our full year RevPAR from the renovation disruption related to the Marriott transformational capital projects. Without this impact, the midpoint of our RevPAR guidance would have been approximately flat. For 2019, we continue to expect to receive a total of $23 million of Marriott's operating profit guarantees for both comp and non-comp transformational capital programs, which have been included in our guidance for EBITDA. In addition, I hope the details I provided surrounding our outsized leverage to the Marriott-Starwood integration and the internal initiatives of our asset management and enterprise analytics teams help you understand how we can continue to drive margin outperformance. Despite our downward revision of the RevPAR guidance, our outlook for our EBITDA margins has improved. Several factors give us confidence in our margins. First, all hotels that have experienced a softening in top line expectations relative to budgets have put in place profit improvement plans to mitigate the impact to EBITDA and maintain margin. Additionally, here is the savings associated with the Marriott integration have exceeded our expectations, mainly travel agency commissions, royalty cost and allocated expenses for programs and services. The actualized savings are now fully reflected in our outlook. Ancillary revenues have also continued to come in stronger-than-expected. The focus on capture of transient cancellation fees is positively impacting margins. Further, the Phoenician and its world-class spa and golf facilities are earning great guest reviews and surpassing our expectations on both the top and bottom line. Finally, the operational profit guarantees we are receiving on properties under the Marriott transformational capital program are also providing a boost to our margins. The reduction in our comparable RevPAR and margin assumption results in a $27 million decrease to our forecasted adjusted EBITDAre for the second half of the year. In addition, we reduced our 2019 adjusted EBITDAre guidance by $21 million to remove the EBITDA related to the sale of Pentagon City Residence Inn and the Courtyard Chicago Marriott Suites -- I'm sorry, the Courtyard Chicago and the Chicago Marriott Suites OHare and five additional anticipated asset sale. The combination of these items results in our new guidance ranges for 2019. Adjusted EBITDAre of $1.5 billion to $1.54 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.73 to $1.78. Lastly, keep in mind that we expect 19% to 20% of our total EBITDA in the third quarter and the third quarter is projected to be the stronger of the two remaining quarters driven by the Jewish holiday shift. Overall, we are pleased with our strong bottom line operating results. Our performance continues to demonstrate that only a portfolio of iconic, irreplaceable and geographically diversified hotels, having the scale and platform to drive value and maintaining a powerful investment-grade balance sheet, creates a strong strategic position to deliver superior value to our stockholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take questions. To ensure that we have time to address questions from many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we would like to open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Smedes Rose, Citi.
Smedes Rose: Good morning. I guess I wanted to ask you really -- I think in the past you've said about $2 billion to $2.5 billion of total investment capacity, including share repurchases. So now that you've resumed the repurchase activity, is that kind of the priority going forward, particularly given that shares obviously are lower now than where you've been buying them back half?
Jim Risoleo: Yes, Smedes, as with any time we deploy capital, we will assess the underlying fundamentals and our view of likely future performance and value when we are making a decision to invest in our portfolio to buy an asset or to buyback stock. So, I just point you to the fact that we had a $1 billion authorization. We had $755 million remaining for the year. We will take calls of underlying operating trends and a view of our NAV given current facts and circumstances and act accordingly.
Smedes Rose: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Anthony Powell, Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Jim Risoleo: Hi.
Anthony Powell: Hi. In terms of the asset sales, could you remind us how many assets and even number or percent of EBITDA fit into kind of the low profitability bucket? And how quickly could you sell these assets over the next few quarters?
Jim Risoleo: Anthony, we haven't really sat back and said that this is the portfolio of hotels we want to dispose off. We look at sales on an opportunistic basis whether we see a need for high capital expenditure investments in properties, markets that we don't have a favorable view of for the long-term. On every asset that we evaluate whether or not to sell, we start with doing a whole value which is a 10-year pro forma including 10 years of CapEx over and above the FF&E reserve. And if we feel that we're able to transact in the market at a price that's greater than a whole value and the market dynamics are such that we think the buyer can perform as today with strong financing markets -- financing markets have never been stronger quite frankly both from a proceeds perspective and an interest rate perspective then we'll move forward. But we have no problematic plan in place to sell assets.
Anthony Powell: Okay. Are you marketing more assets currently?
Jim Risoleo: I think that what we will point to you is the assets that we've discussed on the call.
Anthony Powell: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Katz, Jefferies.
David Katz: Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Jim Risoleo: Good morning, Dave.
David Katz: Listening to your commentary as well as the commentary of others and then looking at the capacity that you have, I'd love to hear your commentary around the availability of assets to acquire right as well as what the tolerance for loan to values and valuations has done over the past couple of weeks as best as you can assess it. And just I'd love to hear your thoughts about how you're thinking about that? And whether having the capacity and just sitting tight for a period of time is not maybe a very solid choice.
Jim Risoleo: Sure. David, I'll take the first part of the question and Michael can talk about the financing market. With respect to the acquisition marketplace, we always have a pipeline of assets that we are evaluating and underwriting. We've been very disciplined and our view towards performance of these assets. Going forward, and we have taken into consideration that the current economic times that we live in today and we'll look at buying an asset relative to as -- an example buying back our stock. It's not to say that if a very attractive opportunity presented itself that we wouldn't pursue it, but to date we just haven't seen a lot out there that make sense for us. There is a gap between buyer-seller expectations. And I think part of that is being driven still by the flush financing market that's available to buyers today -- to sellers today to refinance our assets. So, I don't know if you want to talk about the...
Michael Bluhm: Yeah. I think that's a great point. I mean look, David the financing markets remain quite hot. And you've seen from a lot of our peers selling assets into it. It really has given the ability to drive pricing. I mean today in the CMBS market, you can still sort of get 75% LTV financing at really record low borrowing rate. And that's both from the single borrower as well as in the conduit market. And when you look in terms of the bank financing, you saw we just typically are one of the biggest branch in the company has done $2.5 billion of bank credit that market right in a low and longer environment we continue to -- that will continue to expect and be a big catalyst for the -- for borrowers and, again, also an environment where you're seeing a record low borrowing rates.
David Katz: Perfect. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Bellisario, Baird.
Michael Bellisario: Good morning, everyone.
Michael Bluhm: Good morning, Mike.
Jim Risoleo: Hey, Michael.
Michael Bellisario: Just on the capital allocation front, maybe ask a little bit differently. Maybe could you tell us how much of your buyback activity is being driven by the absolute returns you're seeing in your stock today versus the relative returns compared to where you're selling assets at net that valuation arbitrage that would be helpful?
Michael Bluhm: Michael, a couple of things in there. So look first of all, Id say that relates on -- we don't know necessarily what type of IRRs or buyers are I think they're buying at. We certainly have as Jim had pointed out; we have whole values that discount back the cash flows of properties as well as the capital requirements at our cost to capital. And when someone's paying a higher price in that then presumably they're getting a higher return and/or expect to get a higher return than what we think it's going to get. Look as it relates to the capital allocation, we took you through kind of what we bought in the open market as well as in the 10b5 and collectively sort of fair to say is kind of the weighted average price at sort of $18.04, which works out to about a 20% discount to consent NAV, which look in today's environment I think when you think about sort of -- some of the return profiles of a lot of the assets we look at in the past as well as the stuff that we're selling we think that's a pretty good use of capital.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Rich Hightower, Evercore ISI.
Rich Hightower: Good morning, guys.
Michael Bluhm: Morning, Rich.
Jim Risoleo: Morning, Rich.
Rich Hightower: Maybe just to shift gears a little bit, so with all of the moving parts in the portfolio in terms of asset sales and what's in the comp pool out of the comp pool and so forth, wondering if you guys could help us bridge to a number for pro forma historical RevPAR, so that we're comping against the right number as we model going forward, or maybe you could cash it in terms of the assets we sold over X-percent below our average RevPAR for the portfolio, just something to help us with the numbers there?
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. Rich the assets that we've discussed and sold year-to-date going back to the Westin Grand Central and the assets that have recently closed and the ones that are under contract, the combined RevPAR for that portfolio I think is around $136 that's about 27% below our company RevPAR. Is that the direction you're going with the question Rich?
Rich Hightower: Yeah. That's very helpful. And then maybe translating that number into an overall impact on what exists today that we should be comping against in forward period right? So that could be a 3% or 4% whatever sort of number that is almost on a weighted basis? We can talk offline if I'm not maybe being clear.
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. We should probably talk offline. I think that -- I think based on the assets that we've sold we've probably seeing a tick-up in our total company RevPAR from call it $180 to $183.
Rich Hightower: Okay. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm after there. And then maybe secondly while I've got you, you did throw out some group pace numbers last quarter for 2020. I think maybe in the low single digit area. If you don't mind reprising those numbers where we sit today? And then maybe describe any changes in the 2020 group pace numbers versus 90 days ago?
Jim Risoleo: Yeah. So, the group pace for 2020 it's holding, it's hanging in there. Total group revenue pace at this point is at 5.4% for 2020.
Rich Hightower: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Bill Crow, Raymond James.
Bill Crow: Good morning guys. A question for Michael on the housekeeping front, and then one for Jim. Michael, could you just kind of build us a bridge based on asset sales? And what the impact will be on 2020 EBITDA?
Michael Bluhm: On 2020, yes
Bill Crow: Everything that's either -- that's been incorporated in your guidance to date for this year what is going to be full year number for next year?
Michael Bluhm: Yes. If we go all the way back to the Westin Grand right that's a full year impact of $50 million.
Bill Crow: Okay. For all of the assets relative to what this year's guidance is. Okay, got it. And Jim I guess, my question is when we think about what you
Michael Bluhm: I want to make one adjustment -- hey Bill I just want to make one adjustment, because I'm working off a sheet here that it's net $27 million.
Bill Crow: Okay, all right. And maybe we'll follow-up just to make sure I'm clear. But Jim on the ancillary revenues that you call them and I'm thinking about parking, I'm thinking about fees the guest may pay et cetera. What is the ability to push those again next year? I mean, we can project RevPAR growth. We can think about food and beverage based on group and RevPAR et cetera, but the ancillary it feels like we're playing catch-up to some extent this year and I'm just wondering whether the growth goes out of the balloon next year?
Jim Risoleo: I think it's going to be an ongoing process first, Bill. I don't have hard numbers to talk about, but we're being thoughtful with respect to making certain that our customers are understanding day one what they're being asked to pay and they're achieving real value for any fees that they might be asked to pay. I would expect that we will continue to see increased capture on cancellation fees just from some automated systems that have been put in place, not that we're seeing a tick-up in cancellations. I don't want to call anybody with that thought because we're not seeing a pickup in cancellations. And we are continuing to see a strong out of room spending definition in particular with respect to golf and spa. So, it's an area that we continue to be focused on going forward.
Bill Crow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Wes Golladay, RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: Yes, good morning everyone. I just want to go back to that comment about the business travel being a little bit softer and the consumer hanging in there. How does this translate into the resource? It sounds like the Phoenician is doing quite well. Is the corporates still spending there?
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Actually, I think in Michael's prepared remarks, I'll let him talk about a little more, but we saw a very strong group performance at the Phoenician to the point where some of the transient business was yielded out in favor of group, allowing us to really compress transient rate with respect to what collets. The leisure travel continues to be strong overall. Revenues increased 12% in the quarter and that was driven by almost an 8% increase in our resorts.
Wes Golladay: And you're modeling this divergence to continue throughout with the guidance that sort of we should expect?
Jim Risoleo: Our guidance is granular. I mean this is property-by-property forecast to arrive at our guidance for the full year.
Wes Golladay: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Patrick Scholes, SunTrust.
Patrick Scholes: Hi, good morning Jim and Mike. Just another way of asking the capital allocation question here. Is it fair to assume that all the proceeds from this next round of asset sales will be used for repurchases? And then, it looks like in 2Q, your repurchases were from asset sales. Would you also consider dipping in at this point, dipping into the balance sheet to do repurchases? Thank you.
Michael Bluhm: Patrick, to Jim's point, I mean I think how much cash is tangible. And we're thinking about in the context of whether we're investing externally investing in our portfolio or buying back stock. We just talked about kind of where we brought back or close to $0.25 billion of stock certainly don't like that price, but like being a buyer at that price. But again, we have to take that into consideration there are other -- all of our capital investment opportunities.
Jim Risoleo: The only thing I'd add to that Patrick is that acquisitions carry a very high volume there.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shaun Kelley, Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good morning everybody. I was just wondering if you could speak a little bit more about the operating profit guarantees for Marriott are going to play through once the renovation start to roll-off, right? So you're in the middle of the process now and obviously they've been creating a lot of cushion. What happens as the renovations are completed? And did it sort of made whole up until you return to a certain level of profitability, or do they roll-off as soon as sort of the CapEx is down and you've kind of have to fight for yourself while you're stabilizing?
Jim Risoleo: We're hopeful and we believe that the first, for yourself is going to put us in a very good place Shaun because, as these properties are fully renovated, we do expect meaningful increases in yield index which should translate into strong improvements in EBITDA. The way the operating performance guarantees were calculated is really based on the anticipated disruption at each property based on the scope of the renovation and based on our 20-plus years of data related to renovations and our ability to really forecast displacement of business whether you're doing rooms, whether you're doing rooms and bathrooms or a lobby or food and beverage or a meeting space. So, it's a property-by-property analysis. We have some ability to adjust those based on timing of the renovation and the like. But instead of said amount -- I think that the said amount was $83 million in the aggregate. And as we stated earlier today between comp -- non-comp for this year, we will receive $23 million.
Shaun Kelley: Got it. Yes it is. Sorry, I don't think I framed -- phrased that pretty good well. But that's what I was looking for. And then secondarily Jim or Michael can you just mention what you're seeing on group bookings for sort of 2020 and beyond just sort of the all future periods type level of interest or demand on the really leading or really far out group side would be helpful. Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. I'd tell you -- I mentioned the number for 2020. We're seeing total group revenue pace up 5.4% for 2020. For 2023, the numbers are up approximately 2%, but it's really a little bit early to start thinking about any years beyond 2020.
Michael Bluhm: And Shaun the only thing I would add there is that for how the year shape up in 2020, we've got almost 60% of the room rents on the books already.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Woronka, Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Hey, good morning guys. I wanted to ask about margins and you've got through a lot of color on some of the things that were impacting you this year between the renovations and the out of room spend. But as we look forward and in consideration to the fact that the performance guarantees ultimately burn off, is there anything secular that has changed in terms of the margin structure at the hotels? So, in other words if we enter a softer patch, do you think margins hold up better this time, or is there something tangible that you can point to that's hotels now that maybe wasn't there last time?
Michael Bluhm: Look I think as far with -- I think we've all learned a lot to the last recession about sort of really deploying resources quickly to adapt to changing fundamentals. I mean I think you saw that this quarter. We talked about it. I mean as soon as we started think these things slow down, we are very front footed and putting together action plans particularly around employee management. And as a result we're adding -- we were able to kind of adapt quickly. And when we sort of think about going is the extent of things are going to continue slowing down, we're going to be very quick to adapt. I'll give you a fair amount of -- a fair amount of how you came out of this quarter. I mean we kind of get a little bit more granular. We saw really interesting productivity gains in both rooms and food and beverage which was again very much of it prescribed by our hotel managers and our asset managers working with our managers to work around scheduling and sort of employee management better. I'm also very quick on inventory control around F&B and every facet really well and our cost of goods sold, cost structure and how that improved from last quarter. And look as we talked about last quarter, we did have a fair amount of gives and takes on the undistributed operating expense column whether with any due to related things or a lot coming out of the Starwood Marriott synergies that helped us enable to keep that below inflationary growth. And so what I think -- I think you're getting a feel for the way that we are approaching slowdowns and as you can expect sort of a similar proceeds until we slowdown any further.
Jim Risoleo: Yes, the only thing I would add Chris is that's changed and I think we're going to continue to see change in a positive way is technology. And our -- we embraced technology. We think we're on the forefront of technology working with our operators. That will allow us to continue to improve productivity going forward. So, I think that's only going to get better. And I do believe that it's a new paradigm for the operating expense model in the world of hotels. Additionally, we are keenly focused on cost creep. It's so easy when times are good for the extra body here or the extra controllable whether it'd be in rooms or F&B to come back into the system. So, we're keeping a keen eye on all of that.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Robin Farley, UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. My question is actually along similar lines that you were talking about. Just that you've done such a solid job of incremental things to offset the margin pressure that I'm just wondering what there might be sort of incremental in 2020. And I know you're talking about sort of further productivity, but I was thinking specifically are there Starwood synergies that will be incremental in 2020 that aren't contributing in 2019 yet? Anything that doesn't sort of start to contribute till next year? And then can you remind us the Marriott, I think you said it was $23 million of profit guarantees in 2019. And is that -- I'm sorry if I missed if you said that upper down next year versus the incremental amount of that in 2020? And then anything else sort of incremental to I believe the cost save this year will continue into next year but just thinking about anything incremental? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: Yes. Robin, I'll start with our forecasted operating profit guarantee payments based on our anticipated construction spend next year for the transformational capital program. It's likely at this point that we're going to be circa $200 million plus or minus. We won't know until we get through the capital budgeting process, which is starting in earnest in the next week or two actually, but we won't be done with this until the end of the year. Right now we would be looking at operating profit guarantees of $16 million again plus or minus. I don't want to give you a hard number because both of those numbers are subject to change, but just directionally that's kind of how we are seeing things. I think that as the Starwood acquisition gets fully integrated into the Marriott system that the focus is likely to change. Believe me, we're not going to take our eye off the cost side of it, but the focus is likely to change to yield index and improvements in the top-line we bought. We also see we think incremental benefits from the rollout of Marriott's enhanced reservation system going forward that's very early stages. So we are constantly looking at the next initiative that we can to drive top-line as well as bottom-line.
Robin Farley: And just to clarify the operating profit guarantee, $16 million plus or minus obviously not a firm number yet compares to the $23 million in 2019, but not all of that goes into the comp hotels. So is it possible that the amount that's applied or attributed to the comp hotel base is actually up next year or will it be...
Jim Risoleo: Now, we can get back to you on that one. I don't have the comp numbers in front of me right now for next year.
Robin Farley: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Thomas Allen, Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hey. Good morning. So couple of questions on RevPAR. First your -- and you just had answered me was that ADR is still growing and occupancy is down a lot. I think there are a lot of dynamics at play. So can you just talk about why that's happening?
Michael Bluhm: I'm sorry, Thomas. Could you repeat the question? Why...
Thomas Allen: When we look at first half RevPAR, right your occupancy is down a lot, but your ADR is up. I think there are a lot of dynamics that's driving that. But I just want to kind of hear from you why occupancy will be down and rate will be up?
Jim Risoleo: Well I think what has happened -- so let's take New York for a minute and just focus on that market. And then we can also talk about Seattle to say it's the same dynamic, but it's slightly different. Both of those markets have a lot of new supply. New York's new supply is I think it will be our forecast 28,000 rooms coming online this year  28,000 29,000 rooms. Seattle just had a 1,300 room hotel opened in downtown Seattle. Seattle had less city-wides over the course of the year. So some of the lower-rated transient business did not show up in Seattle as well. And the same thing in New York, we saw lower-rated transient business not show up in New York. Both of those markets are driven by international inbound travel. We had seen a decline in international inbound travel from -- in particular from Canada and Mexico. And I think that's why you're seeing occupancy decline, but rates go up.
Thomas Allen: That's helpful. So two follow-up questions actually on the same topic. So first is can you quantify what international inbound travel is declining? And then second, just when you think about guidance and Michael in your prepared remarks you said that the midpoint of guidance implies that second half is in line with the first half like it feels like things have deteriorated in the past few months. And so are there things that are kind of supporting and that's adjusting for the Marriott renovation guarantees? Are there things that are supporting the second half from like a comparability standpoint or anything else that should kind of stabilize RevPAR versus continue to deteriorate? Thanks.
Jim Risoleo: With respect to international inbound Thomas -- very fine market obviously, but year-over-year according to the data from U.S. travel is flat.
Michael Bluhm: And then look Thomas as it relates to the forecast, I'll point you a couple of things. I mean, first of all, I'll start with it actually would be a record group room nights and we get 90% of our business -- we will give you the update on kind of how we're looking for 2019 and we get the 90% of the business on the books start there. And second, we spend a lot of time with our properties in the past -- over the past month or so really understanding what they're seeing in the individual markets? What they're seeing within their comp set? And how they're competitively positioned? What they're and certainly what those markets individually are experiencing. As we talked about, New York and Seattle were big drivers of the quarter. New York in particular, where I think, you get into sort of May. I think everyone was almost surprised by that market in particular. And so, as we thought about forecasting it was very much and sort of detailed bottoms-up analysis with our properties. Very thoughtful about the direction that thing has been heading in the past, couple of months. We carried that direction forward, and -- but certainly did not bring it down further, assuming a further decline. Beyond the type of -- the type of that we've been experiencing over the past few months. Again, I think we've seen from a lot of other companies as well, is getting the information we have in front of us today. And the outlook based on what we've seen over the past couple of months. And we shared that forward. And we think we were in pretty conservative in our outlook.
Thomas Allen: Excellent, thank you.
Michael Bluhm: Thank you, Shaun.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we have no further questions in the queue. So I'd like to turn this conference, back to Mr. Risoleo, for any closing remarks.
Jim Risoleo: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and our 2019 outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in a few months to discuss our third quarter results, as well as providing you with more insight into how 2019 is progressing. Have a great day. And a great rest of your summer.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll now conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your phone lines. And have a great, rest of the week. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Evony. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter 2019 earnings call. Before we begin, I like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filing with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our first quarter results, our capital allocation strategy and our outlook for 2019; Michael Bluhm, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide commentary on our first quarter performance, our capital position and our guidance for 2019. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Risoleo: Thank you, Gee, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report another strong beaten raised quarter. Our first quarter results exceeded our expectations and beat consensus estimates for adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDAre increased 10% to $406 million for the quarter and adjusted FFO per diluted share grew 11.6% to $0.48, beating consensus estimates by $20 million, and $0.04 respectively. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, we indicated in our prepared remarks last quarter that 25% to 26% of EBITDA would be earned in the first quarter, we beat that forecast by $11 million. These strong results were primarily driven by an impressive EBITDA margin improvement of 50 basis points. Comparable hotel EBITDA margins improved for the sixth consecutive quarter and meaningfully exceeded our expectations, demonstrating the benefits of our scale and integrated platform, key elements underpinning our ability to deliver operational performance. We continued to benefit from our internal initiatives, the Marriott, Starwood merger synergies, the receipt of operating profit guarantees from the Marriott transformational capital program and increases in other ancillary revenues. These bottom line results are remarkable, considering the comparable constant dollar RevPAR decline of 1%. The RevPAR results were driven by an occupancy decrease of 180 basis points, which was partially offset by a 1.3% increase in average rate, the factors that affected RevPAR this quarter, including estimated 40 basis points of impact from the disruption related to the Marriott transformational capital program, an estimated 30 basis points impact from the government shutdown and a softer than expected March. Despite these headwinds comparable total RevPAR which includes all hotel level revenues, including food and beverage and other revenues increased 30 basis points to $274 million. These strong results continue to underscore the advantages of our geographically diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels, our unprecedented scale and platform to drive internal and external growth and the power and flexibility of our investment grade balance sheet. Together these key pillars form the foundation of Host, the premier lodging REIT. Next, I would like to discuss our disciplined capital allocation as Michael will provide additional color around the key segments of our business and provide further details around our margin expansion. In addition to achieving industry-leading margin improvements, we advance our long-term strategic vision through active portfolio management, which ensures that the Company is stronger than ever and well positioned for continued profitable growth. Specifically, we will continue to evaluate potential acquisitions of properties in key markets with strong demand generators while divesting non-core assets, including international assets, as well as profitability challenged assets like those in New York. This capital recycling strategy has been highly effective, enhancing our strategically advantaged competitive position to continue outperforming our industry. Consistent with this approach, during the quarter, we closed on the previously announced acquisition of the 1 Hotel South Beach and the disposition of the Western New York Grand Central. We have been very prudent and disciplined in our underwriting and balance sheet position. And as I stated last quarter, we intend to maintain our investment grade balance sheet with a high end of our leverage target set at three times. This provides us with a total investment capacity of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We do not intend to move higher than our targeted leverage range, nor do we intend to invest beyond that capacity. However, we will continue to be opportunistic and adding value enhancing assets like the 1 Hotel South Beach, and plan to use our current investment capacity to make similar smart, targeted acquisitions. We will also continue to invest in our portfolio, as we are doing with the Marriott transformational capital program. And we will continue with our opportunistic approach to returning additional capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our capital allocation decisions over the last few years have improved the composition and performance of our portfolio. Since early 2017, we dispose of $2.8 billion of non-core and profitability challenged assets, many of which required meaningful capital investment and acquired $2 billion of high RevPAR, high quality, irreplaceable assets with no meaningful near term capital requirements in markets we expect to outperform the industry. As presented in our investor presentation on our website, on a trailing 12 month basis, since 2017, we sold 10 assets with a blended RevPAR of $186, total RevPAR of $266 and EBITDA per key of $24,000, at a cap rate of 4.9%. We recycled much of that capital into six assets with a blended 2018 RevPAR of $313, total RevPAR of $505, and EBITDA per key of $55,000 at a cap rate of 5.8%. The improvement of these transactions to the portfolio is impressive. You can see this transformation even more clearly by comparing our top 40 hotels today to where it was just two years ago. Since 2016, as a result of our investment decisions, we turned over approximately 20% of our top 40 hotels, resulting in an increase in total RevPAR and EBITDA per key of $15 and $2200 respectively. In addition, the case studies provided in our investor presentation show that our recent acquisitions have performed well. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation is yielding the desired results and we intend to continue to pursue this strategy going forward. Shifting to reinvesting in our existing portfolio. We anticipate spending between $235 million and $275 million on renewal and replacement capital expenditures, and between $315 million and $350 million on redevelopment and ROI projects this year. The ROI projects include $225 million, related to the Marriott transformational capital program for which we are being well compensated. The program which carries through 2021, began last year with the San Francisco Marriott Marquis. As we have described, these portfolio investments will position the targeted hotels, which are some of the most notable in our portfolio as even stronger competitors in their respective markets with the goal of enhancing long-term performance and becoming number one in their competitive sales. Notably Marriott is providing operating traffic guarantees as protection for the anticipated disruption associated with the incremental span. In addition, we will receive increased priority returns on the agreed upon investments which will result in reduced incentive management fees. We believe this is a great high return use of shareholders' capital, as transformational capital projects had typically resulted a meaningful increases in RevPAR yield index which translates through strong improvement in EBITDA. We anticipate the ROI on these investments to be in the low to mid-teens. In 2019, as I have stated, we intend to spend approximately $225 million on 10 projects with four to be completed during the year. Those four are the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, New York Marriott Downtown, Santa Clara Marriott and the Coronado Island Marriott which is already complete. Only three of the 10 hotels where we're allocating this capital, the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, the Minneapolis Marriott City Center and the San Antonio Marriott River Center are excluded from our forecast comparable results. The seven that are still included in our comparable results have impacted RevPAR in the first quarter by an estimated 40 basis points and we expect the impact - we expect will impact full year comparable RevPAR by 45 basis points. However the RevPAR impact is mitigated by the operating profit guarantee of $1.5 million and $10 million that has been included in comparable hotel EBITDA for the quarter and full year forecasts respectively. For 2019, we expect to receive a total of $23 million of operating profit guarantee payments for both comp and non-comp transformational capital projects which has been included in our guidance for EBITDA. Turning now to our outlook for the remainder of 2019. Our bottom line results for the first quarter exceeded our expectations and we expect improvement as the year continues. While I recognize that we are in the latter part of the economic cycle, the U.S. economic outlook is healthy and appears supportive of industry growth. Importantly the economic indicators we follow closely, including corporate profits and non-residential fixed investments while slightly lower than last year are still strong and we anticipate that will continue. We are monitoring the impact of stronger U.S. dollar, the ongoing global trade dispute including its impact on business' willingness to invest and the performance of the overall global economy. While our modest 2019 GDP deceleration is wildly anticipated as the benefits of the tax cut paid and the government shut down gave the industry a slower start than we otherwise would have expected, we believe that overall industry fundamentals are on solid ground. While the elongated spring break season impacted the demand in March for business travel, based on the solid non-residential fixed investment in corporate profit outlooks, we expect business travel to improve as the year progresses. In addition we expect leisure travel demand to remain steady, as this segment is supported by strong consumer income growth, solid employment and healthy settlement. Given our optimal group and transient mix, we are pleased with our position. As we mentioned last quarter 2018 was a record year for group room nights with over 5 million room nights booked for the year. Group revenue booking activity in the quarter for the remainder of the year was up 5% and up 20% for the second quarter. For 2019 total group revenue pace is up 70 basis points. Our outlook for the full year has not changed and we have reaffirmed our initial guidance of comfortable constant dollar RevPAR growth of zero percent to 2%. We believe RevPAR for the first quarter will be the weakest quarter of the year with the second half of the year expected to be stronger than the first. Based on our margin outperformance in the first quarter and our confidence that the increases are sustainable through the remainder of the year which Michael will discuss further in his prepared remarks, we are meaningfully increasing our comparable EBITDA margin guidance to minus 25 basis points to plus 35 basis points, lifting the midpoint by 25 basis points, equating to an additional $13 million of comparable EBITDA for the year. We also expect an additional $7 million of EBITDA related to our non-comparable hotels, bringing the total increase from operations to $20 million. In addition, we are now including the sale of the Westin Mission Hills and two additional unidentified assets, which decreases our EBITDA forecast by $7 million from our previous guidance. This is mitigated by an increase in forecasted interest income. In assets, our total full year raise is $27 million. These assumptions result in full year adjusted EBITDA ROE of $1.535 billion to $1.6 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.76 to $1.84. At the midpoint, adjusted EBITDA ROE increases $20 million and adjusted FFO per share increases $0.03. Before handing the call over to Michael, I would like to reiterate that we are very pleased with yet another beaten raised quarter is that again underscores the strength and advantages of our premier lodging REIT. We are also pleased with our ability to continue to outperform our margins, and note that this is our sixth consecutive quarter of margin expansion, despite the fact we are in a lower RevPAR growth environment with record low unemployment. Our diversified portfolio of irreplaceable hotels, our unmatched scale and platform, and our investment grade balance sheet all position us to continue to outperform in the near, medium and long term. We will remain disciplined in our approach to capital allocation. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael who will discuss our operating performance and balance sheet in greater detail.
Michael Bluhm: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Building on Jim's comments, all of us at Host are pleased with the strong results we delivered in the first quarter. Through active portfolio management we have ensured that the Company is stronger than ever and well positioned for continued profitable growth. With that, let's discuss the details of our results. As expected demand was impacted by the government shutdown earlier this year and some renovation disruption as part of our Marriott transformational capital program. As a result on a constant currency basis, comparable RevPAR decreased 1%, driven by 180 basis point decrease in occupancy, partially offset by a 1.3% increase in average rate. Comparable total RevPAR which includes all hotel revenues, including food and beverage and other revenues, however, exceeded our internal forecast and improved 30 basis points to $274. Comparable hotel EBITDA margins, as Jim mentioned, improved for the sixth consecutive quarter exceeding our expectations and improving an impressive 50 basis points. These margin enhancements, the details of which I will discuss in a moment demonstrate the benefits of our scale and integrated platform, key elements underpinning our ability to deliver operational outperformance. These results led to an increase of 10% in adjusted EBITDAre to $406 million and 11.6% growth and adjusted FFO per share to $0.48, which exceeded both our internal and consensus estimates. Let me provide some additional color around our margin outperformance. Our asset managers and enterprise analytics team in collaboration with our managers continued to drive comparable hotel EBITDA margin growth and generate impressive profitability at our properties at this stage of the cycle. Our 50 basis points of margin expansion was 180 basis points greater than we would have expected with a RevPAR decline of 1%. Let me provide a quick high level context to our margin outperformance. First, the timing of the tax rebate related to the New York Marriott Marquis benefited the quarter by approximately 25 basis points. As you may recall, we did not start receiving the tax rebates related to the Marquis until the second quarter of last year. The remaining improvements are divided roughly evenly between our internal initiatives and the benefits of our relationship with Marriott. Let me give you little bit more details about our internal initiatives which are driving productivity improvement in rooms and food and beverage while decreasing operating expenses. Some of these initiatives include, working with our operators to reimagine operating models to more efficiently deliver services to guest when and where they want them. It can be as simple as messaging with guests prior to arrival to expedite check in process or more substantial like creating marketplace and grab and go food concepts in place of traditional restaurants and room service. During a quarter with essentially flat comparable revenues in declining occupancy, we saw a year over year productivity in rooms and F&B. Lengthening the cancellation window and implementing technology to ensure consistent charging of cancellation fees. This has continued to help drive other revenue growth and has the added benefit of allowing for more reliable short term revenue management at the property level. In addition the increases in other revenues from the improved collection of attrition and cancellation fees, ancillary revenues increased from the newly renovated Golf and Spa destination. Minimizing utility expense the investment in energy efficiency ROI projects. Over the past year, Host has completed 25 energy ROI projects which are expected to generate not only utility savings, but also take advantage of rebates available on projects such as low flow water fixtures, LED lighting and guestroom energy management systems. Utility costs in the quarter was down 2.7% at the same time last year. Our enterprise analytics team, along with our asset managers have done a fantastic job working with our operators to streamline food and beverage operations and improve the cost of goods for a number of years now. Properties continued to improve on pricing, menu design, waste and leveraging of major food purchasing programs. During the quarter where F&B revenues were essentially flat, two thirds of our properties had year over year reduction in food costs. In addition to these initiatives, we continued to improve benefits from the synergies of Marriott Starwood merger, Marriott continues to use its increased scale to improve programs in combined systems to lower charge rates to its owners. This quarter we see a reduce fees related to the loyalty and rewards program, credit card commissions and group and travel agent commissions. And finally, the receipt of $1.5 million related to the operating profit guarantees for Marriott for the comparable hotels that are part of the Marriott transformational capital program is enhancing margins by 12 basis points this quarter and will continue through the remainder of the year and into 2021. Let's move to the performance of the segments of our business. Starting with our transient segment. Overall first quarter transient revenues decreased 0.6% as demand declined 1.6% it was partially offset by a 1% increase in average rate. The decrease in demand was due to the partial government shutdown in January an Easter holiday shift. Group revenues declined 1.5% as occupancy fell 3.9% partially mitigated by a 2.5% increase in average rate. The decline in group occupancy was driven by a decrease in association business predominantly due to the lack of city wide events in San Diego, Boston and Chicago. To partially mitigate this decline, our managers pursued corporate group business which improved 4.1% this quarter. The increase in corporate group business which represents the largest segment of all business this quarter for the banquet and catering out performance. Overall, we are pleased with our optimum group mix for our portfolio. As you recall, 2018 was a record year for group nights with 5 million group rooms booked for the year. Consistent with last year, we have 85% of our group business booked for 2019 providing a strong base of business. In addition, as we think about our business for the rest of the year, activity in the quarter for the remainder of the year was up 5%. Looking at individual markets, our best performing domestic markets this quarter were Atlanta, Jacksonville, Phoenix and San Francisco with RevPAR increases ranging from 6% to 16%. Atlanta's RevPAR improvement of 16% exceeded our expectations, primarily driven by the strong average rate growth of 17% due to the Super Bowl. In addition, we were able to capture stronger group demand the week following the Super Bowl and throughout March. Our hotel in the Jacksonville market outperformed the STR upper tier market by a wide margin with RevPAR growth of 14%. This growth was driven by a 7.3 percentage point increase in occupancy and 3.6% improvement in average rate. Exceptional group performance at the Ritz Carlton, Amelia Island fuel the growth with volume up 32% over last year, which enabled the hotel to drive transient rate up 11%. RevPAR for our Phoenix hotel outperformed our portfolio this quarter with RevPAR growth of 7.5%. This was primarily driven by 22% and 12% increases in RevPAR at The Venetian and Scottsdale suites respectively, both of which benefited from strong corporate demand. We also saw an increase in Golf and Spa revenues their definition from the redesign Golf Course and the new Spa, which was under construction in the first quarter last year. In the San Francisco area comparable RevPAR grew by 6%, which was driven by an increase in average rate of 12% and partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 4.2 percentage points. This performance reflects the Santa Clara Marriott and the Marriott Marquis being under renovation. Additionally, the Grand Hyatt San Francisco which remains non-comp, because it was acquired as part of the Hyatt portfolio last year, saw a double-digit RevPAR growth. Now looking at the markets that were more challenged in the first quarter. Our hotels in New York, Chicago and Philadelphia, saw RevPAR declines ranging from 7% to 13%. Our hotels in New York saw RevPAR decline of 13.2%, which lagged the results for upper tier hotels in the New York market. We performed in line with the market if we adjust for the renovations at the New York Marriott Marquis and the Marriott New York Downtown, both of which are part of the Marriott transformational capital programs and remain comparable in our portfolio. It was a tough quarter in New York for everyone with first quarter demand declining for the first time since 2009. The magnitude of the impact, the New York market has had in our portfolio was interesting. If we removed New York hotels from our comparable results, comparable RevPAR would have increased 0.4%. Importantly, through reducing our exposure to profitability challenge hotels in the market, which we have executed upon over the past year, strengthen the overall portfolio. RevPAR in our Chicago hotels declined 11.5% due to weaker citywide activity impacting transient and group demand. Many of the conferences held in Chicago during the first quarter of last year rotated to other cities this year. Despite the hotel's ability to increase corporate group business, the software market conditions hindered results. While Philadelphia's RevPAR declined 7.5%, it still exceeded our expectations and achieved 180 basis points improvement above the STR upper tier market results. Last year, we benefited from the 2018 NFL playoffs and Super Bowl parade as well as a January 2018 citywide [indiscernible]. Looking ahead to the full year, we expect RevPAR at our hotels in Atlanta, the Florida Gulf Coast, Jacksonville and Philadelphia to outperform the portfolio due to strengthened corporate and leisure demand, as well as strong citywide. Conversely, we expect RevPAR at hotels in Seattle, New York and Chicago to underperform our portfolio due to weak citywide calendars and ongoing room renovations at our New York assets. Moving to our balance sheet. In April, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents a yield of approximately 4% on our current stock price. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility. We are the only lodging REIT with an investor grade balance sheet, which we are committed to maintaining. We believe it is a prominent differentiator relative to our peers and provides flexibility to capitalize on value creation opportunities throughout the cycle. At quarter end, we had unrestricted cash at $1.1 billion, not including $191 million in the FF&E escrow reserve and $944 million of available capacity remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Total debt was $3.9 billion with a weighted average maturity of 3.9 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.3%. In addition, we have no debt maturities until 2020. Our leverage ratio at the end of the first quarter is approximately 1.9 times as calculated into the terms of our credit facility. As we have discussed before, our investments grade balance sheet is a competitive advantage and we intend to maintain that position. And as Jim mentioned previously, with the high-end of our leverage target at 3 times, provides us with a total investment capacity of $2.2 billion to $2.5 billion. We do not intend to move higher than our targeted leverage range, nor do we intend to invest beyond that capacity. We will continue to be opportunistic to increase long-term shareholder value and potential smart targeted acquisitions, reinvesting in our portfolio and through share repurchases. Let me take a few minutes to discuss some assumptions included in our 2019 guidance. Our comparable RevPAR guidance for the year of zero percent to 2% remains unchanged. As Jim stated, we believe RevPAR for the first quarter will be the weakest quarter in the year, with second half of the year expected to be stronger than the first. We continue to estimate a 45 basis point impact on RevPAR due to renovation disruption related to the Marriott transformational capital projects. Without this impact, the midpoint of our RevPAR guidance would have been approximately 1.45%, which is mitigated by $10 million of the operating profit guaranteed that has been included in our comparable hotel EBITDA. For 2019, we continue to expect to receive a total of $23 million of Marriott operating profit guarantees for both comp and non-comp transformational capital projects, which have been included in our guidance for EBITDA. In addition, I hope the details that I provided surrounding our outsides leverage to the Marriott-Starwood integration and the internal initiatives of our asset managed enterprise analytics teams, help you understand how we can continue to drive margin outperformance. Based on a strong margin performance in the first quarter, we have increased the midpoint of our EBITDA margin outlook by 25 basis points to negative 25 to plus 35 basis points. These assumptions result in adjusted EBITDAre of $1.535 billion to $1.6 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.76 to $1.84. At the midpoint, adjusted EBITDAre has been raised by $20 million. This increase would have been higher by $7 million if we had not sold the Westin Mission Hills, and included two additional unidentified dispositions. Therefore the $20 million full increase in EBITDAre includes $13 million from our comparable hotels and additional $7 million related to our non-comparable hotels. With decrease in EBITDA from asset sales of $7 million is mitigated by our anticipated increase in interest income. Lastly, keep in mind that we expect to earn 29% to 30% of our total EBITDA in the second quarter. Overall, we are pleased with the strong bottom line operating results, which meaningfully beat guidance we provided in February. Our performance continues to demonstrate that owning a portfolio of iconic, irreplaceable and geographically diversified hotels, having the scale and platform to drive value and maintaining a powerful investment grade balance sheet creates a strong strategic position to deliver superior value to our stockholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take questions. To ensure that we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] We'll take our first question from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Well, good morning, everyone.
James Risoleo: Good morning, Anthony.
Michael Bluhm: Good morning.
Anthony Powell: Good morning. Wanted to focus on the Marriott-Starwood integration benefits. It seems like you're doing even better than a 50 basis points of improvement that Marriott itself identified for it's a managed portfolio this year. What surprised to the upside from that integration? What's next for Marriott later this year and next in terms of further benefit? And as a result of this, do you think that you can maintain growing margins slightly at a 1% RevPAR growth level next year and year after?
James Risoleo: Anthony, I'll give you a little color on some of the benefits in a more granular level that we receive this year. The - we calculate the total benefit in the quarter of about 78 basis points from Marriott Starwood integration, and roughly, let's call it 40 basis points to 50 basis points of that, is a result of lower travel agent group intermediary commissions, loyalty program, expenses and the establishment of that program services fund, that is very helpful and our ability to control costs, charge off and alike. The other piece of it is that we have, say - call 30 basis points or 40 basis points immediate ranges here in savings that are related to the new credit card program and the operating profit guarantee. So, we're confident that the margin performance is going to carry through for the rest of this year, and we would expect to see, I'm not going to say full point, but, call it another 50 basis points over the next couple years.
Michael Bluhm: I mean, Anthony, I would say, to your question, it really wasn't any surprises. I mean, much of this is what we've been annotating to the market about what our expectations were around the benefits of these synergies and to your question of kind, what's coming next. I mean as you recall there is fair amount of things that really just start getting put in place over the past six months or so, in particular things like the reservation and yield management systems which really just integrated the end of last year. And so we still really haven't seen the benefits of that, particularly from revenue synergy. Group commissions for the large group intermediaries going through that reduction in group commission going to - into place until the end of last year. Last March was a smaller intermediaries where they changed it. The integration of the loyalty program just occurred towards the end of last year, the program services fund was in place at the beginning of this year. So there is still a fair amount of things that we sort of expect to continue to help drive the 40 basis points to 50 basis points of improvement for the next couple years that we've consistently talked about.
James Risoleo: The other thing I would add, Anthony, is that a big driver for us in the quarter was the transient cancellation being pickup. The fees are now being automatically charged. So it's not like we're --- I'm not suggesting for a moment that we have higher cancellations, but the cancellations do occur are being charged to the customer. Lastly, too early to quantify but were very confident that over time as a result of the integration when it's done and we look back we will see significant top line impact going forward. I mentioned this a couple calls ago, our Starwood legacy hotels gained access to 30,000 business-to-business accounts that were in the Marriot pipeline that Starwood didn't have. So I don't even think we have seen the tip of that going forward.
Operator: And our next question will come from Smedes Rose with Citi. Please go ahead.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I wanted to ask you just about - and so being a large owner of Marriott's hotels, your thoughts on Marriott entering the home sharing business here in the US. Do you see that it's just a totally separate business or what are your thoughts around that?
James Risoleo: Yeah. Smedes, we view the business as really complementary to our business, it is a different business. We actually view it positively because it's going to give our existing guests another place to go and to earn points or redeem points as part of the loyalty program. It will take some pressure off some of our hotels from that perspective. And it should also over time reduce the charge our cost associated with loyalty. We spent a fair amount of time looking at this and talking to Marriott about it and the test program that they run in London Tribute Homes by Marriott generated 7,000 room nights from customers who went on the Marriott website to look at a Tribute Home but ended up booking a standard hotel room. So we think more traffic through the system is good. These - the properties that they are contemplating putting into this program are not going to be competitive with us, there is going to be a minimum of three night stay whereas, our average stay is two night and its geared toward the leisure customer. Lastly, I would tell you that it's going to be initially heavily weighted internationally in markets that Marriott doesn't have a presence today. And in the US it's, for the most part going to be rolled out in markets where they don't have a presence today. So complementary, not competitive. And were excited for it going forward.
Operator: Moving next now to Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeff Donnelly: Yeah. Just circling back on the synergies, the Marriott and thinking about what's transpired since Marriott and Starwood got together. Do you guys know offhand how your RevPAR index of your hotels has performed in the past year? Ideally those hotels, not affected by renovations, I'm just curious if you have also seen revenue share gains, as well as expense savings as a result of the combination.
James Risoleo: I would say - no, it's a good question, Jeff. No, we've actually seen a slight uptick in our index from our Starwood hotels.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Banc. Please go ahead.
Chris Woronka: Hey, good morning guys.
James Risoleo: Good morning, Chris.
Michael Bluhm: Hey, Chris, good morning.
Chris Woronka: Want to ask about some of the internal initiatives that are driving the margin performance, you guys have been working on those for a lot of years you are getting really strong results right now and you did last year too. I guess the question is kind of; a, how sustainable. But more than that, it's really, I think it would be a strong term just say, you're redefining the cost structure hotels. But some of these things relate to food and beverage, seem like they still have legs. So maybe give us a big picture view of what you still want to do in the hotels on the - on some of these costs initiatives.
James Risoleo: Sure. Our outperformance on margins is directly tied to our scale and our integrated platform, which we think distinguishes us from other lodging REITs in this space today. The amount of data that we have available to mind throughout the portfolio is - it is quite extensive. And we receive monthly data feeds from all of our properties that allow us to identify best practices from property to property. And as we wrap our arms around, something that property a might be doing and decided has the ability to be rolled out to the entire portfolio. That's something we take up with the brand. So we think that puts us in a very unique position. And, if you want to get a little more granular about it, we're going to continue to think about consolidating kitchens and reducing costs from that perspective, to be more efficient, New marketplaces grab & goes, we're doing them in New Orleans and the Logan and the Sheraton in Boston. And where we can we will consolidate wage codes and combine jobs but being very thoughtful about our associates and making sure that they're well taken care of.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Bellisario with Baird. Please go ahead.
Mike Bellisario: Good morning, everyone.
James Risoleo: Hey Mike.
Mike Bellisario: You may be talking about your disposition outlook a little bit, how you're thinking about some of the non-core properties that still might be in your portfolio. And then also New York City too with what remains there to potentially sell just kind of buyer interest pricing trends and kind of how you're thinking about the potential sources and uses of that capital that might be coming in the door. That'd be helpful.
James Risoleo: Yeah, it's - as you know, Mike, it's a hypothetical question, but I'll give you some color around it as I can. As we think about continuing to prune the portfolio, we will be opportunistic in taking assets to market, responding to unsolicited offers, where we feel that we can achieve a value that's in excess of our internal hold value. And we continue to be very disciplined with respect to our underwriting for new investment opportunities, as well as for assets we might want to sell by looking at the near term, RevPAR performance of an asset in a particular market, the capital needs and what we think is a fair and reasonable residual cap rate. So, if market opportunities present themselves we will continue to prune. If they don't, we're very comfortable with the portfolio we have today. We're not in any rush to grow the portfolio or shrink the portfolio. I want to make that really clear. We're very comfortable with the assets that we own today. So, you asked specifically about New York. You can look at what we've done in New York over the last year and the fact that we've sold three hotels which we deem profitability challenged. We're very happy with the execution that we were able to achieve. And much like the commentary I just gave you around how we view value, that's how we view value on all assets, regardless of what market we might be in.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robin Farley with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. The margin improvement in the quarter was so strong. I wonder if you can help us think about how much the reduction in occupancy, just since losing occupancy is kind of a better piece of RevPAR to lose and losing the rate because of all the variable expenses. Just maybe help us think about how to quantify how much margin is helped by losing, 100 basis points of occupancy, rather than losing 100 basis points of REIT? Thanks.
James Risoleo: Robin, I don't know that I can quantify that to the detail today. But I will tell you that we are very, very happy with the fact that we were able to increase productivity, both at the room's level and at the food and beverage level with a decrease in occupancy.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Jared Shojaian: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So I want to ask you about your RevPAR in the quarter which was down 1%. And appreciate all the color you've given us on the call so far. But you're also keeping the guidance unchanged for the full year of flat to plus 2%. Is there anything you're seeing in bookings rather than some of the macro day that you talked about that's giving you the confidence you'll see accelerating RevPAR growth throughout the year? And I guess a different way to ask this is, do you need demand to accelerate or does the current booking environment support flat to 2% growth as some of the non-comp hotels and other noise rolls off?
James Risoleo: Sure. If you look at the 1%, down for the quarter and you take into consideration the disruption from the Marriott capital program of 40 basis points and the effects of the government shutdown of 30 basis points that left us with, call it another 30 basis points to get back to even. A lot of that was the result of a slowdown in business travel in the month of March, that we saw as a result of - and we are proud about this a lot and talked to a lot of people about it, including our operators and others, the spring break season this year, given the late Easter was elongated. And that really put a crimp in business travel. So as we look at the remainder of the year, I mentioned in my comments and Michael did as well that we saw strong booking activity in the quarter for the second quarter of 20% and 5% for the year, we have 85% of our group business on the books, which is exactly where we were last year. We were very encouraged in the quarter with a pickup in corporate group bookings, which was up 4.1% and higher food and beverage spend, which was quite profitable business and we hopefully we would continue to see that over the course of the year. And then lastly we saw a pickup in business transient pace, revenue pace for the year, up about 1.3% in the quarter. So all the factors we look at make us - put us in a very comfortable position to maintain our RevPAR guidance of zero percent to 2%. The other thing I would add is that we always anticipated that our first quarter was going to be the worst quarter of the year. And as we look out, I've said that the second half of the year is going to be stronger. And it gives us confidence to hold the course.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Richard Hightower: Hey, good morning guys.
James Risoleo: Hey, Rich.
Richard Hightower: So, Jim I want to ask, I guess one question about out of room spend, but it's a two parter question. First of all, are you guys able to quantify the margin benefit from some of those spend categories, whether it's on the F&B or the catering side and just help us understand the margin and flow through profile of that segment. And then secondly, it's not the first quarter or the first company where we've seen non-room spend outpace room revenues. And I'm just wondering is there anything structurally related to that, in terms of the ability to price, one segment of the business versus the room segment and anything we should be paying attention to there?
James Risoleo: Yeah, there's a lot in that question. I just want to make sure I heard it clearly. So the question is, give it a little bit more background on the margins in different departments, as well as sort of understand kind of what's happening with trends out of room spend.
Richard Hightower: Yeah, that's right. And then, on the second part, is there anything structural that we need to focus on between room revenue and out of room revenue, in terms of pricing power overall?
James Risoleo: Yeah. Rich, I don't know that there's anything structural that we're seeing in the business, per se, but as we think about our absolute margin performance, and really break it down a little more granularly; food and beverage operations contributing 19 basis points; rooms productivity contributed 8 basis points; so - utilities was another 9 basis points; fund distributor operating expenses was 5 basis points; so - and I mentioned earlier today the pickup in cancelation fees 20 basis points. So it's a number of different areas of the P&L that are being touched. And our intention, going forward is to continue to be focus on this and look for other opportunities to improve our margin performance whether it's - we have continued lower charge out rates for the loyalty program, we're receiving benefit from lower travel agent commissions from Marriott's book direct campaign and we saw a pickup of about of 2.3% in the quarter. So I don't there's anything really that's structurally has changed.
Operator: Our next question will come from Patrick Scholes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Patrick Scholes: Hi good morning. Two questions for you. How do you think the quarterly trajectory of RevPAR growth looks for the rest of this year? That's my first question. And how are you pacing overall for your Company for group in 2020 and in 2021?
James Risoleo: Yes. For us for the balance of the year, and it may be different for others in the industry and for the broader industry, we would expect that our third quarter will be our strongest quarter; our fourth quarter will be the second strongest; the second quarter, third; and the first, the weakest. So it's in line with we anticipated at the beginning of the year. For 2020, Patrick, our group revenue is - group revenue pace, total revenue pace is up 3.5% and we have about 50% of the room nights on the books for the year compared to 34% last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Jeffries. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. You've covered a lot of ground and a lot of detail and I appreciate that when you made some comments earlier about some of the detail that's available to you in the operating model, from the plethora of data that's available to you. And I found some of those examples to be interesting. Can you elaborate a bit more on those and what inning you are in and how much more of that bodes for you to do and further degree that we can maybe process that into some earnings power overtime, that would be helpful.
Michael Bluhm: Yeah. Look, I think there's a couple of things to talk about here. I mean if you kind of think about how operationally we've been [technical difficulty] of these markets that we talked about in our prepared remarks and it is very broad, right. It was sort of top line right, stronger the revenues, strong F&B capture particularly from our corporate group business. Rooms and F&B productivity we continue to find ways to beat that savings and as Jim pointed out in a declining occupancy environment, it's pretty spectacular. We did point out utility expenses and how much we save here, but in aggregate undistributed operating expenses in total were sub-inflationary which is very impressive when you sort of think about an environment that we're in today. The Marriott's sell with synergies we continue to really hold tight on sort of the 40 basis points to 50 basis points a year. So as we sort of think about the duration of our ability that really ease our savings as compared to our peers we feel pretty good that we've got a nice setup going in the year or two to continue.
Operator: Moving next to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. Coming at the M&A environment from a slightly different angle. What are you seeing in the supply of iconic assets coming to market and where a seller expectations? And perhaps as a follow up as we think about the $2 billion to $2.5 billion in liquidity, did I hear you correctly that you're more focused on individual assets versus portfolios and where do buybacks fit into that creation?
James Risoleo: Yeah. I'll take the part on the M&A landscape today and how we're thinking about the market. I have been very clear that our investment capacity is $2 billion to $2.5 billion assuming we go to three times leverage. And we don't intend to invest beyond that level. I would tell you that we're rather agnostic with respect to whether it's a one property deal or a multiple property deal. It all starts with the assets, the markets, seller expectations, our underwriting. And that's how we're approaching the business. So with respect to the landscape today, we always have an ebb and flow of assets in our pipeline. And that exists today, we have a fairly healthy pipeline of assets and we're underwriting. It is very difficult to opine on hypothetical situations of what seller expectations are until you get to the table and see if you can make a deal. So it really is all over the board. Sellers are motivated by different reasons.
Michael Bluhm: Yeah. Let me - just a quick comment on buybacks. I mean, it remains obviously one of our - one of our key investment opportunities, and we think about it in the context that we think about any investment opportunity, whether it's investing in our own assets, whether it's buying, growing externally. And so as we sort of think about different opportunities, it absolutely sort of factors into our thinking about sort of where we think we can generate the highest rate of return for our shareholders. This quarter, we did not buy back any shares. But that again, is more of a function of just sort of our investment opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, guys. A lot of the ground's been covered. So just a quick one on, could you just elaborate on the program services fund savings and the charge out ratios? Just maybe a little bit more of the mechanics of how that works, when that has gone into effect? And what kind of the magnitude that drives of savings that drives for Host?
Michael Bluhm: Yeah. Shaun let me I start off with the program services line, because - and I'd say the majority of what the - that entails is potential reservation system, where we expect we're probably going to save somewhere around 8 basis points in costs associated with that. And really that's a function of - and good on Marriott, really sort of rewarding the largest contributors to their system overall. And when they sort of think about fair sharing of costs, it's all taken into consideration. And so, certainly a decent margin benefit that we expect to get and continue for the year.
Operator: And this does conclude today's question and answer session. At this time I would like to turn the conference back over to Jim Risoleo for additional or closing remarks.
James Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and 2019 outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in a few months to discuss our second quarter results, as well as providing you with more insight into how 2019 is progressing. Have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may not disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Evony. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filing with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide his remarks on our fourth quarter and full-year results, our 2018 achievements, including the acquisition of the One Hotel South Beach and conclude with our capital allocation strategy and outlook for 2019. Michael Bluhm, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide commentary on our fourth quarter and full-year performance, including markets, margins, balance sheet and our guidance for 2019. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Risoleo: Thank you, Gee, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report another quarter that exceeded our internal expectations on both the top and bottom line and beat consensus estimates for adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per diluted share. We finished the year strong with fourth quarter comparable constant dollar RevPAR growth of 2.3% and an increase in comparable hotel EBITDA margin of 45 basis points. Adjusted EBITDAre was $372 million for the quarter and adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.43, beating consensus estimates by $8 million and $0.02, respectively. 2018 was a solid year for Host with comparable RevPAR growing 2% and gross margin growing an impressive 60 basis points. This resulted in a 3.4% EBITDAre expansion to $1.562 billion and a 4.7% increase in adjusted FFO per share to $1.77. We had a consistent beat and raise year with margins, EBITDAre and FFO, all coming in well ahead of the top-end of our initial guidance provided last February. We beat the midpoint of our original RevPAR guidance by 50 basis points, margins by 80 basis points, EBITDAre by $62 million or 4% and adjusted FFO per share by $0.12 or 7.3%. These strong results continue to underscore the advantages of our geographically diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels, our unprecedented scale and platform to drive internal and external growth and the power and flexibility of our investment-grade balance sheet. Together, these key pillars form the foundation of Host, the premier lodging REIT. As noted in our press release, 2018 was an incredibly active and successful year across several fronts. In addition to achieving industry-leading margin improvements, we advanced our long-term strategic vision and executed on several important initiatives that we believe better position our irreplaceable portfolio to continue outperforming the industry and creating value for Host Hotels' investors. We sold non-core assets, including those profitability-challenged in New York as well as our international assets, all at attractive pricing and reinvested a portion of that capital into higher growth, low CapEx need assets to create long-term stockholder value. On the disposition front, we actively reshaped the composition of our portfolio by following through on two key initiatives we setup early on in my tenure as CEO; reducing our exposure to New York and exiting our international assets to focus our attention on the U.S., where we have the greatest scale and competitive advantage. In total, we executed on $2.2 billion of non-core asset sales, since the beginning of 2018, at a combined EBITDA multiple of 21x. As it relates to New York, on January 9, we closed on the previously announced sale of The Westin New York Grand Central for $302 million, inclusive of the FF&E reserve. With the completion of that sale and including the New York Marriott Marquis retail and signage, we sold over $1.1 billion in the New York market or 25x EBITDA. As a result, we have reduced our percentage of hotel EBITDA from New York to less than 7%, significantly eliminating our exposure to profitability-challenged assets in the market. On the international front, we closed on the sale of our 33% interest in our European joint venture to our two former partners, for a growth asset value of our interest of approximately 700 million and an EBITDA multiple of 17x on 2018 results. After accounting for fund level debt, we subsequently used a portion of the net proceeds of approximately 435 million to repay the outstanding 207 million draw on our credit facility, which was drawn to hedge our equity interest in the venture. We also sold the JW Mexico City for $183 million or approximately a 15x EBITDA multiple on 2018 forecasted results. We previously held a 52% interest in the hotel in a joint venture with Marriott International. As a result of these two sales, approximately 1% of our EBITDA now comes from outside the country with only two hotels in Canada and three hotels in Brazil. 2018 was also an exciting year from an acquisition standpoint, as we further enhanced our irreplaceable portfolio by adding four world-class assets. As many of you know, we purchased three iconic and irreplaceable hotels from Hyatt in March of 2018; the Andaz Maui, Grand Hyatt San Francisco and Hyatt Regency Coconut Point in Florida. These hotels had outperformed our underwriting and based on our 2019 budget, are currently yielding 70 basis points higher than where we initially purchased hotels last spring. This translates into a 14% growth in net operating income. In addition, and as noted in our press release, we recently closed on the acquisition of 1 Hotel South Beach in Miami, Florida for $610 million. This extraordinary resort is located on prime beachfront real estate in the vibrant South Beach area Miami Beach, has no near-term CapEx needs and carries a RevPAR of over $488 and total RevPAR of $764, making it one of the top three in our portfolio. Additionally, it is LEED-certified, has some of the largest guest rooms in our portfolio, over 160,000 square feet of meeting space, restaurants, pools, luxury retail space and other amenities. The property generated $45.8 million of EBITDA in 2018 or 13.3x our purchase price. This equates to $107,000 per key. Based on our 2019 budget, the purchase price equates to 13x EBITDA and EBITDA per key of over $109,000. The 1 Hotel is expected to add $36 million in EBITDA and $0.05 of FFO per share in 2019. Our ability to convert high EBITDA multiple asset sales of non-core, high CapEx and profitability-challenged hotels into a resort of this caliber, was materially improved the overall portfolio, is an excellent example of disciplined and prudent capital recycling. Another exciting accomplishment in 2018 was our agreement with Marriott International to execute a portfolio of transformational capital projects, beginning last year with the San Francisco Marriott Marquis and carrying through 2021. As we have described these portfolio investments will position the targeted hotels, which are some of the most notable in our portfolio to compete even better in their respective markets with the goal of enhancing long-term performance and becoming number one in their competitive sets. Notably, Marriott will provide operating profit guarantees as protection for the anticipated disruption associated with the incremental spend and increased priority returns on the agreed upon investments, which will result in reduced incentive management fees. We believe this is a great high return use of shareholders' capital, as transformational capital projects have typically resulted in meaningful increases in RevPAR yield index, which translate to strong improvement in EBITDA. Turning to our capital structure. We entered 2019 with the strongest balance sheet in the Company's history, providing us with substantial flexibility to continue executing on our strategic initiatives. Michael will discuss this in further detail, but on a high level with leverage at only 1.8x, over $1.2 billion of unrestricted cash after accounting for the sale of The Westin Grand Central and the acquisition of 1 Hotel South Beach and $945 million of capacity available under our credit facility as of the end of the year, we are well positioned to continue driving stockholder value. Finally, in 2018, we listened to your need for greater transparency and insight into our business. We overhauled our investor presentation and added enhanced supplemental financial information that provides property level detail into the top hotels that drive our overall performance. Looking forward, we are off to a strong start to 2019 with the acquisition of the 1 Hotel South Beach and the sale of The Westin Grand Central. In addition to acquisition and disposition opportunities, we will continue to mine the portfolio for value enhancement projects, including the extension of ground leases and looking for redevelopment opportunities where we can either take advantage of underutilized spaced or redevelop an area from the ground up. As we contemplate future capital allocation, we continue to be very disciplined with respect to both our underwriting and balance sheet position. Given the $1.2 billion of cash on hand and 3x being the high-end of our leverage target range, we have total investment capacity of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We do not intend to move higher than our targeted leverage range, nor do we intend to invest beyond that capacity. As there has been recent speculation about Host, I want to be clear that while we are always open to opportunistically looking at value enhancing assets, we are not focusing on pursuing large scale portfolio acquisitions at this time. We are very happy using our current investment capacity to make smart, targeted add-on acquisitions, like the 1 Hotel South Beach announced today, to invest in our portfolio, as we are doing with the Marriott transformational capital program or to buyback our stock. We remain focused on acquisitions that have a high return and complement our iconic irreplaceable portfolio. We are thrilled with the portfolio we have today, which we believe is the best in the industry, but we'll continue to opportunistically prune it to maximize value for shareholders. As always, our team is laser focused on maximizing portfolio operations in what remains a stable operating environment with positive fundamentals, albeit in an environment that is now 10 years into the current cycle. As we sit here today, the U.S. economy continues to exhibit strength and appears supportive of industry growth. Importantly, the economic indicators we follow closely, including corporate profits, non-residential fixed investment and consumer confidence, while slightly lower than last year, remain quite strong relative to historical levels. Specifically, corporate travel demand improved in 2018 and is anticipated to remain stable in 2019. And while the growth in non-residential fixed investment is anticipated to slow, it is still healthy and we anticipate it will remain that way. We expect leisure travel to continue to grow, but at a slower pace, supported by strong consumer income growth, solid employment and healthy sentiment. On a macro level, we continue to monitor the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, the ongoing global trade dispute including its impact on businesses' willingness to invest and the performance of the overall global economy. While a modest 2019 GDP deceleration is why we anticipated as the near-term benefits of the Tax Cut paid and the government shutdown gave the industry a slower start than we otherwise would have expected, we believe that overall industry fundamentals are on solid ground. Taking all that into account, our initial guidance, our comparable RevPAR growth of 0% to 2% and comparable EBITDA margin guidance of minus 50 to plus 10 basis points results in adjusted EBITDAre of $1.515 billion to $1.580 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.72 to $1.81. While our headline RevPAR is impacted by approximately 45 basis points from the incremental capital expenditures we are making this year related to the Marriott transformational capital program, because of the operating profit guarantees we are receiving from Marriott, we were able to mitigate the impact on the bottom line. Included in our EBITDA guidance is an estimate of $23 million for the operating profit guarantee, $10 million of which is associated with comparable RevPAR. We remain focused on our bottom line results, which we continue to think will set the standard for the lodging REIT space. Given our optimal group and transient mix, we are pleased with our position going into 2019. 2018 was a record year for group room nights, with over 5 million group rooms booked for the year. For 2019, total group revenue pace is up 1.4%. We continue to see the group booking window extend and revenue pace is up almost 7% for the period 2020 to 2023. From a capital standpoint, we anticipate spending between $235 million and $275 million on renewal and replacement capital expenditures and between $315 million and $350 million of redevelopment and ROI projects this year. The increase over last year is primarily due to the Marriott transformational capital program for which we are being well compensated. Some major renovation projects to be completed this year includes the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, New York Marriott Downtown, Coronado Island Marriott Resort, the Santa Clara Marriott and the Whitley in Buckhead Atlanta. Before handing the call over to Michael, I would like to reiterate that we are very pleased with yet another beat quarter, as it under - again underscores the strength and advantages of our premier lodging REIT. We are also pleased with our ability to continue to outperform on margins, despite the fact that we are in a lower RevPAR growth environment with strong employment. Our diversified portfolio of irreplaceable assets, our unmatched scale and platform and our investment-grade balance sheet, all position us to continue to outperform in the near, medium and long-term. We will remain disciplined in our approach to capital allocation. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael, who will discuss our operating performance and balance sheet in greater detail.
Michael Bluhm: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Building on Jim's comments, all of us at Host are pleased with our beat-and-raise performance in 2018 and a strong finish to the year. Through active portfolio management over the last 12 months, we've ensured that the Company is stronger than ever and well positioned for continued profitable growth. With that, let's discuss the details of our results. Our comparable RevPAR for the fourth quarter on a constant currency basis increased 2.3%, driven by a 2% increase in average rate and a 20 basis point increase in occupancy. Stronger than expected group business enabled us to compress business and grow RevPAR predominantly by average rate. We expanded our comparable hotel EBITDA margins by 45 basis points in the quarter, due to a combination of our internal initiatives and the continued benefits accruing to us from the Marriott-Starwood merger. These results led to adjusted EBITDAre of $372 million and adjusted FFO per share of $0.43, which exceeded both our internal and consensus estimates. For the full-year, comparable RevPAR on a constant currency basis increased 2% with an impressive margin expansion of 60 basis points. Adjusted EBITDAre increased 3.4% to $1.562 billion and adjusted FFO per share increased by 4.7% to $1.77. Turning to the segments of our business, while some transient room nights were displaced by group, the holiday calendar was less favorable for transient business travel. Group demand exceeded our expectations as revenues grew 5.6% in the quarter, driven by volume growth of 2.9% and a 2.6% increase in average rate. October and December saw significant group room nights with corporate and other group revenues growing 4.8% and 14%, respectively in the quarter. Finally, our asset managers and enterprise analytics team in collaboration with our managers, continued to drive comparable hotel EBITDA margin growth and generate impressive profitability at our properties at this stage in the cycle. In the fourth quarter and for the full-year, EBITDA margins grew 45 basis points and 60 basis points, respectively due to productivity gains in the rooms and F&B department and synergies from the Marriott-Starwood integration in particular reduce travel agency commissions and loyalty program expenses. We continue to believe the benefits from the Marriott-Starwood merger will generate 40 basis points to 50 basis points of incremental margin improvement annually for the near-term. Turning to our individual markets. Our best performing domestic markets were Miami, San Antonio, San Diego and Seattle, all of which had double-digit RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter. RevPAR at a Miami hotels increased over 31%. The significant outperformance was due to the 200-plus rooms at the Miami Biscayne Bay Marriott that came back online after being out of service last year following Hurricane Irma. The Miami hotels improved average rate by 8.5% and expanded occupancy by 13.8 percentage points through strength in both transient and group business, which also contributed to the strong increase in food and beverage revenues of 22% this quarter. Our hotels in San Antonio grew RevPAR by 14.4% this quarter. Strong citywide led to solid group business that resulted in the ability to drive transient average rate of 8.6% and an increase in food and beverage revenue of 20%. The hotels in San Diego improved RevPAR by 11.7% this quarter, driven by the business generated from a large citywide and additional short-term transient in government-related business. The 24% increase in group business enabled our hotels to maximize transient average rate, which increased 7.7%. In Seattle, our hotels increased RevPAR 11.6%. Strong group business at our hotels which improved over 17% this quarter enabled our manager to drive the transient average rate growth of 8.7%. Now looking to markets that were more challenged in the quarter. Our hotels in Atlanta experienced a RevPAR decline of 9.2%. This was primarily driven by the conversion of the Ritz-Carlton in Buckhead for the Whitley. In Orlando, RevPAR declined 6.8% this quarter with an occupancy decline of 5 percentage points and average rate increase of 70 basis points. The Orlando World Center Marriott had difficult comparisons to last year because of the hotel benefited from the post Hurricane Irma business last year and some of its competitors had rooms out of service for renovations during the fourth quarter of 2017. Washington D.C. experienced a RevPAR decline of 3.3% in the fourth quarter, as attendance from citywides were lower than anticipated, hindering our ability to drive higher rated transient business and requiring the hotels to take more discounted business. Moving to 2019, we expect markets such as the Florida Gulf Coast, Atlanta, Hawaii and Miami to outperform the portfolio from below average supply growth and continued strength in corporate and leisure demand and strong citywides. Conversely, we expect Seattle, Boston and D.C. to underperform the portfolio due to above average supply or weak citywide calendars. Moving to our balance sheet. In January, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share, which included a special dividend of $0.05 per share, bringing the total dividends for the year to $0.85. This represents a yield of approximately 5% on our current stock price and a payout ratio of 48% on our 2018 adjusted FFO per share. In addition, we announced a first quarter dividend of $0.20 per share. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility. We are the only lodging REIT with an investment-grade balance sheet, which we are committed to, maintaining as we believe it, is a prominent differentiator, relative to our peers and provides flexibility to take advantage of value creation opportunities throughout the cycle. At December 31, 2018, we had unrestricted cash of $1.5 billion, not including $213 million in the FF&E escrow reserve, and $945 million of available capacity remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Subsequent to quarter end, we closed on the sale of The Westin Grand Central and the acquisition of the 1 Hotel South Beach Miami. The net effect of these transactions is a decrease to our cash balance of $308 million, resulting in unrestricted cash of $1.2 billion as we sit here today. Total debt at the end of the year was $3.8 billion with a weighted average maturity of 4.2 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.4%. In addition, we have no debt maturities until 2020. Our leverage ratio at the end of 2018 is approximately 1.6x as calculated under the terms of our credit facility, providing a significant dry powder for opportunities to increase long-term shareholder value including potential acquisitions, organic investments and/or share repurchases. Now, let me take a few minutes to discuss some assumptions included in our 2019 guidance. Our comparable RevPAR guidance for the year is 0% to 2%. Notably, we estimate a 45 basis point impact of RevPAR due to the renovation disruption related to the Marriott transformational capital projects. As Jim mentioned, without this impact, the midpoint of our RevPAR guidance would have been approximately 1.45%, which is mitigated by $10 million of the operating profit guarantees that has been included in our comparable hotel EBITDA. For 2019, we expect to receive a total of $23 million of Marriott's operating profit guarantees for both comp and non-comp transformational capital projects, which have been included in our guidance for EBITDA. In addition, our outsized leverage to the Marriott-Starwood integration along with our internal initiatives from our asset management and enterprise analytics team are also driving forecasted margin outperformance. At the midpoint, a decline of only 20 basis points on RevPAR growth of 1% is quite impressive, given the current environment of wage and benefit increases. Lastly, keep in mind; we generally earn 25% to 26% of our total EBITDA in the first quarter. Overall, we are pleased with our strong operating results, which meaningfully be our initial guidance provided last February. Our performance continues to demonstrate that owning a portfolio of iconic, irreplaceable and geographically diversified hotels, having the scale and platform to drive value, combined with a powerful investment-grade balance sheet, creates a strong strategic position to deliver significant value to our stockholders over the long-term. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure that we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning, everyone. You made it pretty clear that you are not focused on large scale portfolio deals right now. How many more deals like the 1 South Beach are out there? What kind of pipeline do you have for acquisitions and how confident are you in your ability to deploy that $2 billion to $2.5 billion of capacity over the next couple of years?
James Risoleo: Anthony, I'm glad you picked up on the fact that we're not interested in large scale portfolio of acquisitions. With respect to the pipeline, there are always transactions, there are always opportunities that present themselves, there are opportunities that we go after - that aren't on the market. So we will continue to look for assets that fit our profile. We will be disciplined in our underwriting criteria and we will be opportunistic in investing going forward. So it's very difficult to talk hypothetically about any deal. But we have a number of assets that are in the pipeline that we're evaluating today and we'll just see if any of those pencil out. I can tell you with respect to the 1 South Beach, we've been working on that deal for two years. So we are very patient and we wait for the right opportunities to come to us.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Bellisario with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Bellisario: Good morning, everyone. Just wanted to focus on the South Beach deal. Could you maybe give us your view on that market or the Miami market broadly, your outlook and then kind of your underwriting assumptions for that asset in 2019 and 2020, because it looks like you're not assuming much growth there?
James Risoleo: Yes, couple things about South Beach, Michael. It's the second best performing - over the last 20 years, second best performing RevPAR market in the country, only following the Florida Keys; Key West in particular in the surrounding islands. So we are very bullish on the Miami Beach market. It's really, you know, there are multiple demand drivers that drive business into that market. For the 1 Hotel in particular, it's a mix of high-rated leisure business and high-rated corporate group. The segmentation is roughly 75% leisure, 25% group. It's a terrific hotel and we would expect the market to continue to exhibit growth. You're right; we were conservative in our underwriting. I pointed out, what the hotel did last year, $45.8 million in EBITDA and we're roughly, call it $46.7 million this year. We were thoughtful about trends. We want to make certain that we put a budget out there that we're very comfortable with and that is achievable if not beatable and we're excited about some other things that are happening in that market. In late 2019, the Convention Center will reopen, which we think is going to serve to drive additional demand into the South Beach market, into our hotel in particular. We're also have underwritten, but haven't included it in our numbers, going to be developing a beach club at the hotel. We have a fantastic beach there. I think it's the best beach on South Beach hands down, 600 foot of white sand beach. So we think putting the beach club there will enhance topline revenues. And additionally, we will go into the property as we do on all of our assets and look for additional ways to enhance topline revenues and to bring efficiencies to the bottom line. Lastly, I would just add that the Super Bowl is being held in Miami in 2020, so we feel confident about how 2020 is going to perform as well. So we have been conservative. We think that's the right way to approach the business today.
Operator: Moving next to Smedes Rose with Citi. Please go ahead.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to ask also on the 1 Hotel, you mentioned that you'd been negotiating for the last two years and I'm just wondering if you could just talk about a little more about the origins of the deal and were there other bidders at the table and it seems like a fairly favorable multiple for such a large luxury asset. I'd just be interested in hearing a little more color on the background, how you were able to get it?
James Risoleo: Sure, Smedes. I wouldn't say negotiating for two years, I would say we started our quest of the project two years ago and there were other players that were interested in the hotel, high net worth individuals, family offices, offshore interest primarily from the Middle East. At the end of the day, we distinguish ourselves above and beyond everyone else. And we're delighted to be associated with this hotel and with the 1 brand. So we bring an institutional pedigree to the property and to the 1 brand going forward. So that's all I can say. I cannot give you dynamic on other bidders and their views of the world. I can only talk about how we view it.
Operator: Next we'll move to Bill Crow with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
William Crow: Good morning, Jim. Two part on RevPAR growth, like ex the renovation disruption, you said 1.45% midpoint for this year, should we be happy with that? I mean, it feels like that's pretty conservative to start the year and maybe that's the case, but the second part is, if you could just talk about how the renovations will progress through 2020? And is it going to be a greater impact or lesser impact as we think about next year?
James Risoleo: So I think you should be happy with the - call it a midpoint of 1.5% out of the box and that's how I would look at it. As I mentioned, we had a great year last year. We saw 2.3% RevPAR growth in the quarter. We actually saw a pickup in group in the fourth quarter that gives us confidence. As we do our bottom up budgeting process on a property by property basis, this is where we're comfortable giving initial guidance. So I think you should be comfortable with it. I think you should be really comfortable with our margin assumptions and our margin performance. So with respect to - your second question with respect to the big deal in 2020, was that it, Bill?
William Crow: Yes.
James Risoleo: Hang on one second; I'll get the data on that. We don't have it on hand, but my recollection Bill is, it's similar spend to 2019. So think about the RevPAR disruption in around the same way for 2020.
Operator: Next we'll go to Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Can you just give us an update on where the Hyatt three-pack and Don CeSar acquisitions finished in 2018 versus your original underwriting? I'm just curious what drove any variances there, whether it's sort of market, or just taking share, or losing share or just how your margin is sorted out?
James Risoleo: Hang on, Jeff. Let's see - I don't have the numbers for 2018 in front of me. But I can reiterate that on our 2019 budget for the three Hyatts, we expect to finish 70 basis points up, which equates to a 14% improvement in NOI. And I am happy to get the numbers for you on the Don and performance in 2018. I know that Don has performed really well in 2018. We're well ahead of budget on that of our pro forma and I don't want to quote numbers because I don't have it in front of me, but I know we performed really strong and we had said when we bought the hotel that we anticipated turning that, I think it was 6.5% cap rate into an 8%. And last I looked and I would know we were ahead of our projections. But we'll get you the specific numbers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Richard Hightower: Hey, good morning, guys. Just want to follow-up on the earlier - what sounds like a categorical statement about not pursuing a very high profile portfolio that's potentially in the market here pretty soon. If I'm accurate in sort of describing it this way, or asking the question this way, has anything changed in terms of your thinking about that particular transaction? Is it partially a function of the fact that you did a $600 million deal recently and you just kind of running up against capacity constraints financially or did something change philosophically or with respect to feedback from investors or just a little more color on that would be helpful?
James Risoleo: Well, Rich, I think we're not going to comment on hypothetical deals that may or may not be in the market. What I will tell you is that we're going to be opportunistic. And we're going to continue to pursue assets like the Hyatt three pack and like the 1. It's nothing more complicated than that. We'll be opportunistic on the acquisition side and we will be opportunistic as we think about selling hotels. It's a same thing. Nothing is in guidance or additional acquisitions or additional sales, because we don't have anything to talk about. And when we have something to talk about, we'll be glad to share that with you.
Michael Bluhm: And I think just Rich to add on to that. I think we continue to be incredibly happy with our scale. We're not going to grow for growth sake. As you can see with the 1 Hotel, we can absolutely execute upon our strategic vision and the upgrading of the portfolio through other means, and certainly as we sort of think about where we are in the current environment and being thoughtful about how conservatism and underwriting into this type of environment. I think all this has to sort of play into how we think about acquisitions at any degree of scale, frankly. And of course, again, and I guess one final point will be, right, we want to be incredibly prudent with our balance sheet. Again, at this part of the cycle, I think it's paramount that we're doing that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Chris Woronka: Hey, good morning, guys. Had another question on the 1 Hotel and that's - can you maybe give us a little general sense or flavor on the structure of the management contract and does that involve kind of a franchise fee to the 1 brand? And along those lines, are you willing to consider other assets from that brand as it expands?
James Risoleo: The 1 Hotel is going to be - it's not a franchise fee, it's a management agreement. And it is a market negotiated management agreement with the manager that we're very comfortable with. The answer with respect to, are we willing to consider other hotels in that brand. Again, it depends on pricing. It depends on the opportunity, but I will tell you that Barry Sternlicht has been very successful in the past, creating brands, think W. This is an incredible LEED-certified, mission-driven luxury lifestyle brand, it's inspired by nature, it fits right in with how we think about sustainability and some of the awards we received, the Leader in the Light award from NAREIT and things we've done around corporate responsibility and sustainability. You may know that there are current hotels in Manhattan and Brooklyn, as well as the 1 in South Beach and there are hotels that are expected to open and he has them under control in West Hollywood, Cabo San Lucas, Kauai, Sunnyvale and we would certainly look at most of those with our focus on U.S. centric investments today probably wouldn't be looking Cabo and they have one in the works in Sanya. So it's a real brand and it's going to grow and we're excited about it.
Operator: Next we'll take a question from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Risoleo: Hey, Stephen.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, how are you?
James Risoleo: Good. Hey, Stephen, let me just respond in a little more detail to Bill Crow's question about the MI transformational capital plan because we pulled the number up. Our spend in 2019 though anticipated to be $225 million, in 2020 it's anticipated to be $207 million, so slightly less. Sorry, Stephen.
Stephen Grambling: No, that's helpful too. I guess one more hotel follow-up on the 1 Hotel. Could you give a little more background on the history of the 1 Hotel on the brand change as it relates to the fundamentals of the property?
James Risoleo: Well, I think this was the flagship one, or the one in - two in New York, one in Brooklyn, one in Manhattan and this property it was really the brand. I mean, this is how the - this is where the brand was formed and founded. The property had been the Gansevoort hotels and the Gansevoort had been in financial difficulty over the years and a venture led by Starwood Capital brought the property and they invested $300 million in the asset, which is something that I hadn't pointed out. So it's a brand new hotel. It has no near-term CapEx needs and given the high RevPAR of this asset, the ability of this property to support itself through the FF&E reserve is very strong and highly likely. So in addition to upgrading the overall metrics of our portfolio from a RevPAR - total RevPAR EBITDA per key perspective, this goes a long way to enhancing the free cash flow position of Host.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Katz with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi, good morning, everyone, and congrats on a good quarter and your acquisition. I hope you'll humor us and allow me to just beat the horse one more time. But with respect to the perspective large portfolio out there that - I think if we're understanding correctly, it's not formally on the market yet. And so for that reason and that context, there wouldn't be anything to talk about at this stage, but at some point it could hit the market in whole or in part. I just want to be clear about sort of where the line is that you're drawing and is it because something is not in the market yet or available or you're setting some sort of firm boundaries that will be there when it is. And the second part of my question was we're just trying to gauge your appetite for share repurchases, given the liquidity that you have, given the strength of the business and sort of where you are? Thank you.
James Risoleo: I'm going to take the first part of this. I'll let Michael talk about share repurchases, David. I think my comments were pretty clear. And I would encourage you to take them literally that we have - investment capacity today of between $2 billion to $2.5 billion at 3x leverage. We intend to stay within that range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion and 3x leverage. That's how we're viewing the world today. Michael, you wanted to discuss?
Michael Bluhm: Sure. I think, look David, I would say as we think about share repurchases, I put that in the context of all capital allocation decisions whether investing organically in our portfolio through capital reinvestment like we're doing with the transformational projects and the Marriott program or where we're looking externally for opportunities like the 1 Hotel, which I think is fantastic in a lot of ways as Jim's pointed out, and I think hit accretion from fairly just about every metric, whether it's earnings, free cash flow and frankly, I'd even argue on NAV, day one. I think as you know, we do have authorization for a buyback and it is a tool that we will look to. But again it's in the context of all other investment opportunities that we think about and how we're looking out to - the sort of the outlook for 2019 and what we think that's going to bring in terms of both acquisition opportunities as well as value enhancement opportunities.
Operator: Moving next, we'll go to Jim Sullivan with BTIG. Please go ahead.
James Sullivan: Good morning, guys. Just another question on capital allocation if you would, and this really relates to the transformational Marriott program as you've described it the way you're investing some $200 million plus a year. Can you - you have talked about this as the objective in terms of operating results as to take each asset up to number one in its comp set. And I wonder if you could just help us understand how that - what kind of ROE you're projecting that to deliver on the capital investment?
James Risoleo: Sure, Jim, because obviously - before we commit any capital, we start with a detailed return on investment analysis and we did that with this deal as well. We believe that the IRR unlevered on the Marriott transformational capital program will be in the low to mid-teens. That's how we've looked at it. We think it's a great use of our capital. The properties are clearly going to gain market share. Marriott in cases that they've already completed can see up to 6 points in yield index growth from really transforming and reinventing our hotel. We weren't even that aggressive when we did our IRR analysis, we assume somewhere between 3 points to 5 points on each asset.
Operator: Next we'll go to Patrick Schultz with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Patrick Schultz: Hi, good morning. When we think about what markets that you'd like to get into, and others that you'd like to get out of certainly Miami getting into, New York getting out, how do you think about that going forward?
James Risoleo: Yes. Patrick, we will continue to be focused on markets that have multiple demand generators, that have high barriers to entry with respect to new supply and just good growth fundamentals all lining up from top to bottom whether it's a favorable labor environment to the support of the local or municipal authorities, and again, high barrier to growth is probably top of the list, because new supply is what can get you.
Michael Bluhm: And I think certainly, importantly diversification continued to be paramount to our overall investment strategy. So if we sort of think about different market, we certainly have a keen eye on making sure that we're not overly weighting to certain markets.
Patrick Schultz: Okay, thank you for that. And then secondly, I may have missed it. Did you say what - group pace is shaping up?
James Risoleo: What's that, Patrick? You cut out.
Patrick Schultz: I'm sorry, didn't hear you.
James Risoleo: I'm sorry. I didn't hear your question.
Patrick Schultz: Okay. I'm sorry if I missed it, did you say how your 2019 group pace is shaping up?
James Risoleo: Yes, I did. Its total group revenue pace is up 1.4%.
Operator: Next we'll go to Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good morning, everyone. I know you're keeping it tight, so my main question was one to the Analyst Day in South Beach, but I don't know if you're going to comment there. So instead maybe you guys could just give us a little bit of color on, I think we noticed towards the end of the year there was a lot of stock market volatility, obviously, there is also a big strategic change here in terms of sort of your discussion plan around the portfolio deal. But you didn't actually buy any stock in the fourth quarter and I'm kind of curious just big picture, how the stock buybacks fit into the broader strategy here as it relates to kind of what you're seeing out there and deployment of that capital relative to kind of what you can do with your own stock?
James Risoleo: Yes, Shaun, we think about deploying capital, obviously, we've talked about it before, but just let me hit the highlights real quick for you. Due to buying assets like the 1, investing in our portfolio like the transformational capital program or buying back stock, right. But it all starts with sources and uses of cash. And as we sat here at the end of the year, we did not buyback any stock. We knew what we had in the works from an acquisition perspective. We knew that we had The Westin Grand Central under contract, but we had no assurance that that deal was going to close. So that's not to say that we won't be buyers of our stock in the future. We did not buy it now, because we wanted to be thoughtful about the balance sheet and where we were going. Michael has anything to add to that.
Michael Bluhm: No, I think that's a good point, I mean as I think we all know, we sat here on Wednesday - or sat here in December of last year and the market was pretty volatile, and certainly volatile in one direction. And so as we were sort of looking at things like cash flow, cash that we had coming in throughout the dispositions, acquisitions we were making there was in time where we just need to be incredibly thoughtful about balance sheet preservation.
Operator: Moving next to Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Hey, good morning. So about a year-ago, you talked about selling land at The Phoenician, where are you in that process? Thanks.
James Risoleo: It's a process, Thomas. We are moving forward. We have the entitlement. We're moving through the plotting with the City of Phoenix. We continue to be optimistic that that's going to happen, but I don't have anything to discuss right now because we don't have a deal done.
Operator: And next we'll go to Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Thanks, two questions. One is, you've talked about opportunities looking at the existing portfolio. Are there other things with other Marriott properties that are not part of the agreement you've done already? Or if not, are there other operators that have kind of expressed interest in something similar after seeing that Marriott deal or is that really a very unique sort of one-off kind of arrangement? And then I was just going to ask a clarification on group business, you mentioned the pace being up like 1.4%, last quarter you talked about fewer citywide events in 2019. So is it just the pace coming in, but you're still expecting maybe to be down in 2019? Or has your view on the group outlook changed? Thanks.
James Risoleo: Robin, let me answer the group question first. Yes, I mean, we do have some issues, as you and anyone that owns hotels in Boston, in particular, with a reduction in citywide so this year. That 1.4% number takes that all into account and consideration. So we don't expect to see slippage in the 1.4% number. If anything, and this is not baked into our forecast for the year, we really liked the way we're positioned this year and in those markets where we might have targeted holes, we believe that given the corporate group that we saw in the fourth quarter and over the course of 2018, that gives us some terrific opportunities to the upside. I might also add that after the third quarter call or on the third quarter call I said, our total group revenue pace was flat. And now, it's up 1.4%. So we feel good about that. And with respect to additional transformational capital projects, there's only so much we can push through the system at any one point in time. And I will just tell you, nobody but Host could do what we're doing. And I applaud our design and construction team, and our asset managers, and others in the organization to manage this process. We will work with our operators, both with Marriott on additional transformational opportunities as well as Hyatt on assets that we feel may need to be repositioned, but we're going to be thoughtful, cautious and judicious as we move forward on the process.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Risoleo, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
James Risoleo: Well, thank you, everyone for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter results and our 2019 outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in a few months to discuss our first quarter results as well as providing you with more insight into how 2019 is progressing. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Nicole. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts third quarter 2018 earnings call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filing to the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will discuss our recent transaction, provide an overview of our third quarter results and our outlook for 2018. Michael Bluhm, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide further details on our third quarter performance, discuss margins, and the balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Gee, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report a quarter that once again exceeded our internal expectations on the bottom line and beat consensus estimates for adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per diluted share. While top line results were impacted by two hurricanes, we were encouraged that on a comparable hotel RevPAR increase of 1.6%, our operators were able to increase comparable hotel EBITDA margins by 50 basis points. Adjusted EBITDAre increased 7.8% to $344 million and adjusted FFO per diluted share increased 12.1% to $0.37, beating consensus estimates by $18 million and $0.02 respectively. These results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our geographically diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels; our unprecedented scale and platform to drive internal and external growth; and the power and flexibility of our investment-grade balance sheet. Together, these key pillars form the foundation of Host, the premier lodging REIT. As noted in our press release, we were very active on the capital recycling front in the quarter. This strategic activity followed through on two key initiatives we set early on in my tenure as CEO. Reducing our exposure to New York and exiting our international assets to focus our attention back to the U.S. where we have the greatest scale and competitive advantage. In the quarter, we closed on the previously-announced sale of the W Union Square for $171 million. We also announced that the Westin New York Grand Central is under contract for $300 million, inclusive of the FF&E reserve. The Westin had significant money at risk and we anticipate the sale closing early in 2019. Including the W New York which was sold earlier in the year, by early 2019, we will have sold three assets in New York for a combined EBITDA multiple of 28 times, significantly eliminating our exposure to profitability-challenged hotels in the market. New York is a market that continues to face headwinds due to significant supply increases and continued expense inflation. For reference, since 2007, New York supply has increased by 55% or 43,000 hotel rooms at a compound annual growth rate of over 4%. In the quarter, we also sold the retail, signage and theater condo space at the New York Marriott Marquis for $442 million. In partnership with Vornado, we redeveloped this space beginning in 2012. The sale was at a very attractive price and is another example of our asset managers identifying, implementing and executing on a real estate value creation opportunity. The sale resulted in an EBITDA multiple of 26 times and 19 times on 2018 and 2019 respectively, with substantially all the proceeds used to close out the reverse like-kind exchange structure for the acquisition of the Andaz Maui which we purchased earlier this year. The balance of these proceeds were used to establish a new forward like-kind exchange escrow. Our scale and platform provide us the opportunity to create value from our asset base. And we will continue to identify, evaluate and execute on value enhancement opportunities to drive shareholder value. On the international front, we also sold the JW Marriott Mexico City for $183 million or approximately a 15 times EBITDA multiple on 2018 forecasted results. We held a 52% interest in the hotel in a joint venture with Marriott International. For reference, this was a previously unidentified asset sale we mentioned on our past two earnings calls. As I mentioned earlier, we are going to focus our investment activity in the U.S. To that end, we have reached agreement with our two European joint venture partners to sell them our approximate 33% interest in the Euro JV. The gross asset value of our interest is approximately 700 million and equates to an EBITDA multiple of 17 times on 2018 forecasted results. After accounting for fund level debt, we anticipate the sale will generate net proceeds of approximately 435 million, a portion of which we intend to use to repay our outstanding 207 million draw on our credit facility. This outstanding amount was drawn to hedge our equity interest in the venture. While we have been successful with our platform in Europe and very grateful to our partners for helping to build a strong business over there, we believe it is the right time for the company to focus its efforts where we can have the most impact for shareholders, which is owning a geographically diverse portfolio of assets here in the U.S. After these two international sales, less than 2% of our EBITDA will come from outside the country, with only two hotels in Canada and three hotels in Brazil. For the remainder of the year, there are no additional asset sales or acquisitions included in our revised guidance. The combination of the disposition of the New York Marquis retail, the Euro JV interest, and the JW Marriott Mexico City sale incrementally reduced our full-year adjusted EBITDAre forecast by approximately $7 million. Again, we expect the Westin Grand Central to close early in 2019. Given the significant amount of disposition activity, Michael will walk through the specifics of how those sales will preliminarily impact 2019 EBITDA in his prepared remarks. Michael will also discuss how our investment-grade balance sheet has never been in better shape and continues to get stronger. With leverage in only 2 times, over $1.2 billion of unrestricted cash, and $700 million of capacity available under our credit facility as of the end of the third quarter, we are well positioned to drive shareholder value, whether by acquiring assets, investing in our irreplaceable portfolio, or buying back stock. I should note that the leverage ratio and cash balance I referenced do not include the proceeds from the pending Westin Grand Central and Euro JV interest sale. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation and are evaluating and monitoring several acquisition opportunities. As it relates to investing in our portfolio, the company spent approximately $48 million in the quarter on redevelopments and return on investment expenditures, and approximately $71 million on renewal and replacement expenditures. Major projects completed in the quarter include meeting space renovations at 10 hotels, and restaurant and public space renovations at 4 hotels. For the full year, we expect to spend $280 million to $300 million on renewal and replacement capital expenditures and $190 million to $220 million on redevelopment in ROI projects. Another exciting initiative we concluded in the quarter was an agreement with Marriott International to execute a portfolio of transformational brand reinvestment capital projects beginning this year with the San Francisco Marriott Marquis and carrying through the next three years. These portfolio investments will position the targeted hotels to compete better in their respective market and enhance long-term performance. Some of these assets are among the most recognizable in our portfolio, including the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, The New York Marriott Marquis, the Boston Marriott Copley, the Orlando World Center Marriott, and the Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island among others. Marriott has agreed to provide us with priority returns on agreed upon investments, which will result in reduced incentive management fees. Additionally, they will provide operating profit guarantees as protection for the anticipated disruption associated with the incremental spend. This transformational program is expected to increase our total CapEx spend by approximately $150 million to $200 million per year through 2021. We believe this is a great use of our capital. Transformational brand reinvention projects have typically resulted in meaningful increases in RevPAR yield index, which translates to strong improvement in EBITDA. On the operations front, comparable RevPAR increased 1.6% on a constant currency basis, driven by a 1.5% increase in average rate and a 10 basis point increase in occupancy to 81.4%. Third quarter occupancy is the highest since the third quarter of 2000. While our top line performance was in line with expectations and the bottom line results were better than expected, we were impacted by several factors in the quarter. We anticipated the timing of the 4th of July moving to a Wednesday and the Jewish holidays moving from weekends to midweek, but we could not predict the impact of hurricanes Florence and Lane. An active hurricane season affected our Hawaii market in August and our Atlanta and Washington D.C. markets in September. While the D.C. markets did not experience a significant weather impact from Hurricane Florence, local governments in the area declared a state of emergency in advance of the storm which led to cancellations. We estimate that the impact of the hurricanes cost us 30 basis points of RevPAR in the quarter. Year-to-date, comparable RevPAR on a constant currency basis increased 1.9% to $180, driven by a 1 point increase in average room rate and a 70 basis point increase in occupancy to approximately 80%. We've reported adjusted EBITDAre of $344 million for the quarter and adjusted FFO per share of $0.37. Both were significantly above consensus estimates. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDAre is $1.19 billion and FFO per diluted share is $1.34. As we look to the fourth quarter, our group booking pace is very strong with group revenues up 4.5% and projecting to be the strongest quarter of the year. With approximately 98% of our group revenues on the books for 2018 and occupancy levels at all-time highs, we continue to see the booking window extend. While we are early in the 2019 budgeted process and have limited visibility at this time, the global economy continues to exhibit strength and appears supportive of industry growth. The economic indicators we closely follow  corporate profits, non-residential fixed investment, and consumer confidence  all remain strong and GDP continues to improve. The pickup in business transient travel continues to gain traction and provides reason for optimism. This is bolstered by continued strong leisure demand, resulting from record levels of consumer confidence and low unemployment. Having said that, we continue to monitor the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar, potential global trade wars, rising interest rates and the performance of global equity markets and how that could affect lodging demand for the remainder of the year and into next year. Overall, though, we believe industry fundamentals are on solid ground. Given our year-to-date performance, we are narrowing the range of our full year guidance as follows. Our revised comparable RevPAR guidance is now 1.9% to 2.1% for the full year. The slight reduction to the midpoint of our prior RevPAR guidance is due entirely to the impact of Hurricane Florence and Lane in the third quarter. On the bottom line, we are increasing the midpoint of adjusted EBITDAre by $5 million to $1.55 billion on a revised range of $1.545 billion to $1.555 billion. This translates to an increase in the midpoint of adjusted FFO per share by approximately $0.01 to $1.75 on a revised range of $1.74 to $1.76. Including the $5 million raise to 2018 adjusted EBITDAre this quarter, we have raised guidance by $50 million at the midpoint since our earnings call in February. In closing, we are pleased with another beat and race quarter as it continues to demonstrate the attributes of our premier lodging REIT. We are also pleased that RevPAR will be accelerating this year over 2017 with our revised midpoint 70 basis point higher than the 1.3% comparable RevPAR growth we reported last year. Our diversified portfolio of irreplaceable assets, our unmatched scale and platform, and our investment-grade balance sheet positions us well to continue to outperform our peers in the near, medium, and long term. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael who will discuss our operating performance and our balance sheet in much greater detail.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim mentioned our scale and platform continue to drive operational outperformance. Let me provide some details on the results for the quarter. Despite the impact of holiday timing and weather events, our comparable RevPAR on a constant-currency basis increased 1.6%, driven by a 1.5% increase in average rate. As we mentioned on the last call, the set up for the quarter was strong, given the group pace we had on the books and it played out as expected, which allowed us to compress business and grow RevPAR predominantly by average rate. Group RevPAR was up 2.3%, led by association business, which was up 8.8%. Additionally, the strong group business enabled our managers to capture more profitable banquet and AV business. Our transient business was led by corporate travelers and business transient revenues increased 2.2%. We continue to see improvements in the business transient traveler as revenues in that segment increased for the third consecutive quarter and we remain optimistic that business travel will remain strong over the course of the remainder of the year, particularly as nonresidential fixed investment and corporate profits continue to project mid-single-digit increases. Looking comprehensively at revenue, total comparable hotel revenues increased 2.8% driven by F&B revenue increase of 5.1%, of which the more profitable banquet and AV business was up 7.6%, and other business increase up 7.6% and other revenues increased 9.4%. For the second consecutive quarter, group turnout was better than expected, which is reflected in the significant banquet spend. Additionally, our asset managers continue working with our property managers to find ways to increase high margin ancillary revenues at our properties. We continue to do a great job improving profitability at our properties and driving comparable EBITDA margin growth. In the third quarter, comparable EBITDA margins grew 50 basis points. Margins benefited from strong productivity gains especially in F&B, an increase in ancillary revenues, reductions in undistributed operating expenses, and a one-time distribution related to the sale of Marriott centralized purchasing company. As we anticipated, we continue to see the benefits from the MI integration take hold this quarter as declines in credit card expenses, loyalty program cost, and IT system costs contributed to the margin expansion. We believe that the benefits from the Marriott-Starwood merger will generate 40 basis points to 50 basis points of incremental margin improvement annually for the near-term. Now, let me spend some time on specific performance in our individual markets. Our best performing domestic markets this quarter were San Francisco, San Antonio, Philadelphia and Miami. The RevPAR growth at our San Francisco hotels exceed our expectations with an increase of 7.5%, driven by a 6% improvement in average rate and a 1.1 percentage point expansion in occupancy. The large sales force city-wide that move from November last year into September this year boosted the entire market and allowed our hotels to drive transient average rate by 9.2%. Our hotels in San Antonio increased RevPAR by 12.8% this quarter exceeding the STR upper-upscale results by 770 basis points. Strong city-wides led the solid corporate group business which contributed to F&B revenue increases of 11.5% in this market. The two hotels in Philadelphia grew RevPAR by 10.4% this quarter, driven predominantly by the Logan's 36% increase in group business, enabling the hotel to reduce discount channels and maximize transient ADR which increased over 15%. Our Philly assets beat STR upper-upscale results by 380 basis points. In Miami, our hotels increased RevPAR by 9.5%, while the STR upper-upscale  where the STR upper-upscale market declined 8.1%. As you may recall, our Miami Biscayne Bay Marriott had over 200 rooms out of service last year following Hurricane Irma, which are now all back in service. The hotel will continue to benefit from this in the fourth quarter and outperform the market. Looking to markets that were more challenged in the quarter. Our hotels in Washington D.C. experienced a RevPAR decline of 8.6% in the third quarter as weaker city-wides and cancellations related to Hurricane Florence contributed to decline in demand. As Jim mentioned, while the D.C. market did not experience a weather impact, the local governments declared states of emergency in advance of the storm, resulting in cancellations. In addition, there were three fewer city-wides this quarter when compared to the same time last year. In Los Angeles, RevPAR at our hotels decreased 7.7% in the quarter. The hotels were impacted by new supply downtown and with groups that did not repeat this quarter, which meant our managers are required to take more discounted business. In addition, our Westin LAX had difficult comps this year as the hotel benefited from the Marriott LAX renovation last year. In the Florida Gulf Coast, RevPAR at our hotels declined 3.3%, resulting from a 1.5% increase in average rate offset by a 2.9 percentage point decrease in occupancy, due to the tougher comparables to the third quarter last year. As you may recall, certain of our hotels remained open and benefited from hurricane-related business last year. In addition the Ritz-Carlton, Naples Golf Resort had meeting space and ballroom renovations this year. Our New York hotels RevPAR declined 2.8% this quarter with a decline in occupancy of 2.2% and a decline in ADR of 40 basis points. The declines were primarily driven by a decrease in transient revenues of 5.8% this quarter, partially mitigated by strong group business which was up 4.5%. Moving away from our quarterly results and looking to our forecast for the full year, we expect our hotels in Miami, Philadelphia, Maui and San Francisco to outperform. Inversely, we anticipate our hotels in the D.C., Houston, Los Angeles and Atlanta market to underperform. Now, let me spend a little bit of time talking about our capital position. In October, we paid a regular third quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share which represents a yield of approximately 4.2% on our current stock price. In addition, this represents a payout ratio of 46% on our adjusted FFO per share. It remains our policy to pay out 100% of our taxable income to shareholders. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility. We are the only lodging REIT with an investment-grade balance sheet which we are committed to maintaining as we believe it is a prominent differentiator to our peers and provides flexibility, take advantage of value creation opportunities throughout the cycle. As of September 30, 2018, we had unrestricted cash of almost $1.3 billion, and $702 million of available capacity under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Total debt was $4.1 billion with an average maturity of 4.3 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.1%. In addition, we have no debt maturity In addition, we have no debt maturities until 2020. Our leverage ratio is approximately 2 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility providing a significant dry powder for opportunities to increase long-term shareholder value. As Jim noted, we've been very active on the capital recycling front. Year-to-date, we sold five assets for a total sales price of $1.2 billion. Additionally, we have $1.1 billion under contract, the Westin Grand Central and our pro-rata portion of the Euro JV. Collectively, this $2.3 billion of asset sales, when closed, will have been sold at an approximate EBITDA multiple of 20 times 2018 forecasted EBITDA. Upon closing of the two pending transactions, along with the repayment of the corresponding debt related to the Euro JV, and the payment to our minority partner in the JW Marriott Mexico City, our cash balance will increase by approximately $400 million to approximately $1.6 billion, and our capacity available on our credit facility will increase to $942 million. All of these recent sales and anticipated sales had been reflected in our guidance for 2018. However, to help with modeling for next year, the pro forma effect of our net acquisition and disposition activity is a decrease of $64 million from our 2018 forecast EBITDA. Overall, we are pleased with our strong operating results which enabled us to increase our adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per share guidance for the year. Our performance continues to demonstrate that owning a portfolio of iconic, irreplaceable and geographically diversified hotels having the scale and platform to drive value, combined with a powerful investment grade balance sheet, is a strong strategic position to deliver significant value to our stockholders over the long term. This concludes our prepared remarks and we are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible. Please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Anthony Powell from Barclays.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone. You're building a pretty significant cash balance and investment capacity balance. What's the timeframe for investing in that capacity and if you are unable to transact on an acquisition of a hotel over the next few quarters, would you move quickly to buybacks or are you comfortable holding that cash for long period of time?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Anthony, thank you for the question. As we think about our capital recycling activity, I do want to point out that the assets that we sold have achieved superior pricing. And they have resulted in following through on two key strategic objectives that we set out about two years ago, when I first became CEO, and that's reducing our exposure in New York City to profitability-challenged assets and really becoming more focused on the U.S. So we've accomplished that in a very attractive manner. With respect to use of proceeds, as we sit back and think about reallocating that capital, we believe that there are three areas that make sense for us. One is buying assets to further upgrade the overall quality and growth and free cash flow generation of the Host portfolio. The second is investing in our portfolio where we can drive meaningful returns by reinventing properties such as  we'll talk about later I'm sure the Marriott transaction that we did  or buying back stock. So I don't think that we are in a rush by any means today to get the capital deployed. I will point out that we have not been shy about buying back stock in the past. Between 2015, 2016, we repurchased $890 million stock at an average price of about $17.15. So as we think about deploying capital, we really do run the screen on an acquisition or investing in our portfolio relative to buying back stock at current prices and that drives our decision making.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Maybe just one more follow-up. I think there were some media reports a few months ago about you were thinking about selling a large portfolio of non-core assets at presumably higher cap rates than your recent deals, is that something you would still consider or have you been able to generate enough proceeds with these recent large, low cap rate transactions?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Anthony, we're not out to generate proceeds for the sake of generating proceeds. We're out to opportunistically take advantage of dislocation in the market and we start internally for every asset that we consider selling by doing our own internal hold value and that hold value takes into consideration our view of the likely performance of that asset over the near term, looking out over a 10-year timeframe. But obviously, it's a little difficult to forecast anything over 10 years. But certainly over the next three to five years, you can get a pretty good handle on it taking into account that the full capital requirements of any particular property and then, just kind of get back at what we consider to be appropriate discount rates using a market residual cap rate. So, that's where it starts on dispositions. The same way we look at acquisitions. There are always a lot of media reports out there. We don't comment on anything until the deal is either done or we have a hard money contract.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Chris.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning. So, you're now, it seems like, pretty complete on the strategy to reduce New York. So, I guess the question is as you look across the board, does that  are there certain markets or segments where you'd like more exposure with a higher transaction? You picked up a couple resorts. You picked up San Francisco. Is there anything that kind of stands out to you, again, either market or segment wise?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We continue to like the resort market, Chris, given the dearth of new supply that that's being built in those markets today. It's particularly the type of properties that we feel we are very good at owning given the scale and access to data and information that we have which differentiates us from others. The business information systems, the business intelligent systems allow us to really understand where we can drive value in resort properties. So, we'll continue to be focused on resorts. The other area that we feel we are differentiated in many ways is in big boxes. Again, the same metrics apply. We have an incredible database of information that allows us to benchmark any potential acquisition against the performance of our existing assets, and from a supply perspective, it is very low. I think it's less than 40 basis points. So those are the two areas that we'll be focused on. Additionally, we will continue to think about assets that will outperform the rest of the portfolio, assets that are more sustainable from a CapEx perspective to fund capital needs out of the FF&E reserve, and thus will result in higher free cash flow generation.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thanks, Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure thing.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit more about what you guys are seeing on the Marriott integration front. I think last quarter you were very clear in your comments. Some other peers or competitors are out discussing that they are continuing to see some latent disruption issues. And then also if you could just kind of hit on the union point, if you have any hotels exposed, and if that's dragging down your 4Q expectations at all.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Shaun. Let me talk about the union point first and then I'll get to the Marriott integration question that you asked. We had experienced strikes at our Westin in Seattle and the Chicago River  Westin Chicago River North property. Both of those strikes have been settled. The union is currently striking in San Francisco and in Boston. We are monitoring the situation very closely and have a good handle on what's happening at the hotels. I am not in a position, given the sensitivity of the negotiations, to talk about whether performance is up or performance is down at either property. I will tell you that we've taken the likely performance of those hotels into consideration as we've developed our forecasts for the balance of this year and our full year guidance. Now, with respect to Marriott integration, we continue to monitor it very closely. Of course, there were a few hiccups along the way, but really no measurable negative impact. What distinguishes Host from others who may have experienced more disruption is first, the scale of our portfolio, but really, the size of our hotels. Our properties have our sales management teams on site. So, there was not a need to transition those sales teams to regional offices, and the attendant disruption that came from that. And I understand there was disruption for others, but I can tell you we saw no measurable impact at our properties. And more importantly, on a very positive front is that now our Starwood legacy hotels have access to 30,000 additional business-to-business accounts that Marriott had. And we've seen benefits already inuring to the Starwood legacy properties as a result of having access to that account information. So we receive benefits on the top line and lower cost on the bottom line as well.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Bellisario from Baird.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Mike.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just wanted to talk on  and ask on 2019 outlook  maybe one just on group pace and how you're seeing that shape up for next year. But then just high level, how you're thinking about the macro backdrop heading into next year, especially relative to the performance that you guys have achieved this year?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. I'd talk about the macro backdrop a bit. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we think that industry fundamentals are on solid grounds today, and we're optimistic that steady as she goes will continue. The hotels are running at record occupancies. All of the indicators that we focus on non-residential fixed investment, consumer confidence, GDP, corporate profits, they're all strong. As I mentioned, our third quarter occupancy was the highest it's been since 2000. So the table is set for continued growth. We're also and have been keeping a keen eye on supply. And while we'll have some new supply next year, it's manageable. And we expect it will see just a bit more in 2020 and then supply taper down. So our view is steady as she goes. Things are looking pretty positive next year given the fact that we're 100 months into the cycle right now. So that said, we are keeping an eye on other things. We're keeping an eye on the impact the potential trade wars could have on the U.S. economy and U.S. businesses and business travel, the rising U.S. dollar, it's been bouncing around quite a bit, and rising interest rates and the volatility in the stock market. So, we're optimistic, but we are being thoughtful and being very aware with what's happening around us. With respect to 2019 group pace, we are a bit behind in group room nights. As I mentioned, the hotels are running at record occupancies. However, our total revenue on the books between group room nights and F&B revenues is about flat to where it was this year. A part of that is being driven by fewer city-wides in a few markets. Boston, Chicago, San Diego and Washington, D.C. Additionally, we will see a little less group pace in a market like Orlando and a market like New York. The New York Marquis. But keep in mind what I said we're getting  that's because those two hotels will be part of the Marriott branch transformation program. Really important to understand that that's not going to impact our bottom line because we are getting disruption guarantees. So we feel that the portfolio is really positioned to produce optimal revenue mix. We are not concerned about the lack of city-wide in the markets that I referenced. We feel good about what we have been seeing on short-term corporate group bookings and strong leisure and transient demand.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's all helpful. And just one really quick housekeeping item just  what are the tax implications of bringing back the capital from the Euro JV relative to the $505 million of net proceeds you mentioned in that 17 times EBITDA multiple?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. Well, let's start with Europe first, just to understand the valuation of the sale and then we'll bring it back to today. So, our 33% interest was valued at $700 million. That valued the entire portfolio 2.1  700 million. That valued the entire portfolio 2.1 billion and the valuation on our interests was 17 times EBITDA. That is  the capital that we're bringing back, a portion of it is a capital gain and we will make a determination as to how we deal with that capital gain. We obviously had two options. One option is to distribute. The other option is to pay taxes on it and retain the cash. So as we get into planning for next year and the budgeting process, I think we have to make this decision by the end of January and that's the timeframe within which we will operate.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Smedes Rose from Citi.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to just ask a little bit about some of the parameters around the performance guarantees that Marriott is providing? And I guess  first, are they allocated on a per asset basis or is it a sort of a large sum that you can draw from depending on the amount of disruption? And then also, as the Marquis San Francisco kind of being retroactively added to this pool now? I couldn't tell from your opening remarks, if that was in that set or not?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Smedes. Let me let me back up before I answer your specific questions and maybe give you get a bit of color on the program. I think I was pretty clear in the prepared remarks as to why we think this is a good use of capital. But it might be helpful to frame it so that so then you can see how the priority returns and the disruption operating guarantees work. So as we step back and  yeah, San Francisco was, I would say, the  as we call it the Bell Cow here. The property needed to be reinvented. It's a main-in-main asset and one of the best markets in the country. So we had talked with Marriott about what could we do together to really  I'll use a word that you hear other times, really make that hotel relevant. To make it number one in its competitive set in the market. And let me stop on competitive set for a moment, because our objective on every brand transformation project we undertake is to bring that property to number one in its competitive set. And we had worked out a deal with Marriott where they would provide us disruption guarantees and a priority return on the San Francisco Marriott Marquis. So when we saw how that would work and we had the framework of a deal, we sat back and took a look at other assets in our portfolio that were going to need to be renovated over the next several years  beyond the next several years. And we looked at the total CapEx spend that was going to be required on those assets. Our experience has been that if you completely transform a property, you can expect a meaningful lift in RevPAR yield index, somewhere around 3 to 5 points, and I think that's on the conservative side. But those are the numbers that we looked at. So by pulling those renovation projects forward and increasing the spend over what we would have spent, but really when we get into one of the assets, we're going to completely renovate the entire property including: activating the lobby; activating the bar area; activating food and beverage; upgrading fitness facilities; doing tub-to-shower conversions in the guest rooms; in appropriate markets doing hardscape flooring in the guest rooms. To really make these hotels fit with what people are looking for today, and as I said, make them number one in their set. And we came to an agreement that Marriott would provide us with additional priority returns on our investment, which serve to reduce their incentive management fees. And additionally, it's on a property-by-property basis. Now to get to your question about disruption, to provide operating performance guarantees, to deal with the anticipated disruption on a hotel-by-hotel basis. And I want to point out that that is unique to anybody in the industry. This is capital 70% of it, plus we would have to spend anyway. But we are getting compensated for doing this, and we're really excited about it.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough, thank you. Then just Michael you mentioned the dividend paid in October as we head into yearend, would you expect to have to kind of true up in order to distribute 100% of taxable income above the $0.20?
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think  I'm sorry. Yes. Again, our policy is to get 100% of our taxable income.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So you would expect this special dividend in addition to the regular dividend in the fourth quarter or...
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We can't comment on that at this point.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Hey, good morning, guys. I'm going to waste a bullet here on a follow up to Smedes question on the guarantee in terms of the mechanics. So when we talk about full operating profit protection, is that based on a prior time period or some sort of baseline projection for the asset just in terms of how we come up with that number? And then can you also walk us through the timing on the spending. Is it pretty ratable across the next four years in terms of that incremental $150 million to $200 million or is it more concentrated in certain periods over that four years? Just help us in terms of the modeling mechanics there.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. So let me clarify one thing, Rich. When we're talking about four years, it starts with 2018 because the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco, as we've talked about before, is a $110 million brand transformation. So it's 2019 and the next three years, and it is ratable over that period of time. We spend, on average, roughly $500 million a year on maintenance, repair and replacement FF&E. And we've been doing that now for 25 years. Part of enterprise analytics is a group, it's capital financial planning. And every year, as we develop our capital plans, we determine what the attendant disruption is going to be and we factor that into our budget. So, we have really solid data across all markets with all types of assets, and have a very good handle on what a room's renovation is going to do to the bottom line, what a ballroom renovation is going to do the bottom line, what repositioning the lobby will do to the bottom line. And that's how we developed the anticipated disruption in connection with the brand transformation project and that is the amount of guarantee that we negotiated with Marriott.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Okay, Jim. That is helpful color. Let me ask you one follow-up here. We haven't spent a whole lot of time on labor expense on this call as I think we have in the past. Can you  I know you said kind of a 3% to 4% CAGR is probably a good run rate for the next few years. Is there a way to break that down across East Coast, West Coast or union versus nonunion hotels, just so we understand the differentiation there as you roll up to the aggregate?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. There's really not, Rich. I think it really does vary by market and it's across the board and it's not consistent in any given market. It's really property by property.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to go back to some of your group comments, because I think last quarter you were seeing good production in terms of what you had on the books for 2019, as far as the bookings in the quarter for 2019. So to be a bit behind on group room nights in 2019, that seems like it's lower from where you were before, but can you just confirm if that's the case and maybe talk about why that is? And then if you could also just tell us your total group production in the quarter for all future periods? Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, what I talked about last quarter was activity in the quarter. What I'm talking about today is actual  use it in a different way, pace  and what we're seeing from a pace perspective. And I don't think that there has really been any change quarter-to-quarter from what we've been seeing. We've been focused on the assets in markets where there are weak citywides. I will tell you this that our pace for 2020 and 2023 right now is up 6.4%. So we're very bullish as we see the booking window continue to extend and beyond 2019 and into 2020 and beyond.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And just a quick housekeeping for me. Can you just tell us how much your competitive industry supply in your markets is up this year and next year, and then you had mentioned an acceleration into 2020. So that would be helpful to get that year as well.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I would say this year, next year roughly 2.3% to 2.5%, and then 2020, we're seeing a decline.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: A decline. Okay. Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. A decline in 2020. Right.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Most of my questions have been answered. I guess maybe just circling back from a moment to the Marriott deal just to better understand that. And I certainly understand from your perspective why you do it. It seems like a great deal if you have a guarantee to be made whole kind of well into the cycle here. But just to understand how it works when we think about those properties and how performance might compare next year versus this year. When you talked about the process of kind of estimating the disruption impact and then Marriott would sort of guarantee that amount of disruption impact. But I assume if performance is down because of disruption, one can always debate sort of what the cause of it is. So I guess I just want to understand, is the guarantee that basically your first x percent of decline, whether that's 5% or 15% or 20%, whatever, that from the EBITDA in 2018 that you report, that the first x percent of that decline you're going to be made whole. Is that the way to think about? So from an EBITDA perspective, we wouldn't even know there's anything going on at those properties unless you dropped below a certain amount of decline. Is that the right way to think about it?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Robin, no. I think it is based on the anticipated disruption. So, you can paint two scenarios. One scenario is that we have a meaningful reacceleration in top line performance and an attendant increase in flow-through in EBITDA at a hotel that's part of this program. The operating guarantee still gets paid, okay? So it's regardless.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: So, there is less...
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: And it goes the other way as well. If the EBITDA declines, the operating guarantee is set at a fixed amount.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So, you'll make that amount. In theory, if there were no disruption, you would have an increase in EBITDA from that property because you're going to get paid that amount anyway. Is that the way to think about it?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's the right way to think about it. Yes.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess, I don't know, and maybe this is really a question for Marriott, because again it seems like a great deal for Host, and I guess I'm just trying to think about, the Host, more typically, you will do renovations and add meeting space and ballroom space, and you do this at properties all the time without typically getting that kind of guarantee. So, I guess just trying to understand what's different now. Was it just a decision on Host's part that you didn't want to have CapEx pick up to the level that maybe some of these properties required or like, I guess, why the change in what is sort of typically the case for kind of who bears the cost of renovations and the risk of disruption and all of that. I guess what's sort of behind that? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: A couple of things, Robin. Our renovations have typically been staged over a number of years. To paint the backdrop, you do rooms in a property in 2018, and then in 2019 or 2020 you might touch the meeting space. And then you're going to get into the F&B outlets in the lobby, and then you're right back to doing your rooms again. So the thought here was we accelerate the spend. We're going to spend a little more than we typically would have. But when we are done in a compressed period of time, we're going to have a fully renovated hotel that plays very well to the consumers and will clearly be number one in its competitive set. I think what's important to Marriott is the fact that we own the best Marriotts in the system. Some of the assets that I mentioned, the New York Marriott Marquis, Orlando World Center, Boston Marriott Copley San Francisco and down the list. And I think from a brand perspective, to be able to showcase what brand transformation means, they've undertaken this exercise in other properties like the Charlotte Marriott, the Portland Marriott and a few others along the way. But to be able to showcase these assets, I think and I'm hopeful that other owners of Marriott hotels will follow down the same path.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that is all the time we have for today's Q&A session. I would like to hand the conference back over to our speakers for any concluding remarks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, thanks everyone for joining us on the call. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to talking to you in San Francisco. And if you're not in San Francisco in February, to discuss our yearly 2018 results, as well as providing you with more insight into 2019. Have a great day.
Operator: And once again ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation today.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Khoa Ngo - Jefferies LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts second quarter 2018 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our second quarter results and our outlook for 2018. Michael Bluhm, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide details on our second quarter performance by markets, discuss margins and the balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Gee, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report a quarter that once again materially exceeded our internal expectations on the top and bottom line, and beat consensus estimates for adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per diluted share. For the quarter, comparable hotel RevPAR increased 2.8% with comparable hotel EBITDA margins up 90 basis points. Adjusted EBITDAre increased 6.7% to $476 million and adjusted FFO per diluted share increased 10.2% to $0.54. Based on our second quarter performance, we are again raising our full-year guidance for RevPAR, adjusted EBITDAre, and adjusted FFO per share. For the full year, we have increased the midpoint of our comparable RevPAR guidance 12.5 basis points to 2.1%, increased the midpoint of adjusted EBITDAre by $20 million to $1.545 billion and increased the midpoint of adjusted FFO per share by approximately $0.04 to $1.74. These results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our geographically diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels, our unprecedented scale and platform to drive internal and external growth, and the power and flexibility of our investment-grade balance sheet. Together, these key pillars form the foundation of Host, the premier lodging REIT. As mentioned in our press release, we closed on a previously announced sale of the W New York on Lexington Avenue on May 9 for $190 million. In addition, we also stated that we have placed the W Union Square under contract for $171 million. The W Union Square has significant money at risk, and we anticipate the sale closing before the end of the third quarter. Once complete, these two asset sales will have sold for a combined cap rate of approximately 1.3% and reduce our exposure to profitability-challenged assets in New York, a market that faces headwinds as a result of significant supply increases and continued expense inflation. Selling the W Union Square exemplifies our continuing efforts to upgrade the quality and profitability of the portfolio. Including the W Union Square, over the last 18 months, we have recycled out of over $1 billion of low RevPAR, low-growth, and high CapEx assets at an aggregate 5% cap rate into hotels with higher RevPAR, higher growth, and lower CapEx needs at the same cap rate. This accretive activity has only served to bolster the iconic and irreplaceable nature of our hotels. Please note that included in the guidance is a one additional asset sale we discussed on our last quarter call. The timing in that sale has been delayed, but we still do anticipate a closing by year-end. The combination of the newly announced W Union Square disposition and the delay of our additional asset sale incrementally reduced our full-year adjusted EBITDAre by approximately $2 million. As Michael will discuss in further detail, our investment-grade balance sheet has never been in better shape. With leveraging only 2.4 times, over $500 million of cash on hand, and $700 million of capacity available under our credit facility, we are well positioned to drive shareholder value whether by acquiring assets, investing in our iconic portfolio or buying back stock. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation; and although we are evaluating and monitoring several acquisition opportunities, we are not including any additional purchases in our revised full-year guidance. As it relates to investing in our portfolio, we spent approximately $86 million on CapEx in the second quarter, which is consistent with our plan to spend between $475 million to $550 million on total CapEx. Notable projects during the quarter, including guest room and restaurant renovations at the Swisstel Chicago, and a lobby and public space at the Westin Seattle. We also completed our multi-year transformation of The Phoenician during this quarter as we delivered the tennis and activity center and upgraded the golf course. The Phoenician is nothing short of spectacular and we anticipate that the transformation will position the property to drive meaningful increases in revenue and profitability. As I mentioned, our second quarter results exceeded our expectations on both the top and bottom line as our scale and platform continued to drive operational outperformance. Working with our managers, our asset management and enterprise analytics teams did another exceptional job of driving margin growth in the quarter. Here are just a few of the highlights. While the second quarter wasn't as dramatically impacted by holiday shifts as it was in 2017, holidays certainly influenced results in April and June. April was by far our strongest month of the quarter, with RevPAR up 5% as Easter shifted to the beginning of the month from mid-month in 2017. On the back-end of the corner, we saw the last week in June positively impacted by the July 4 holiday falling on a Wednesday, as business was pulled forward into the last week of the second quarter. As a result, our comparable hotels had a historic high RevPAR of nearly $197 in the second quarter, an increase of 2.8%. This was driven by a 2.2% increase in average room rate and a 50-basis-point increase in occupancy. Year-to-date, RevPAR increased 2.1% to $185, driven by a 110-basis-point increase in occupancy and a 70-basis-point increase in average rate. Given the holiday shifts, group business led the way this quarter and improved 3.1%, rebounding from the first quarter as we expected. This was driven primarily by rates, which increased 2.7%, while group occupancy was up 40 basis points. Notably, corporate group revenues were up 15.2% and had a material impact on banquet and AV spend, which was up 6.6% in the quarter. We continue to see the quality of our groups improve, which is reflected in the significant banquet spend. The strong group performance in the quarter gave our managers the confidence to push transient rate and continue to enhance profitability. Overall for the quarter, transient revenue increased 2.2%, driven by an increase in rate of 2.3%, offset by a slight decline in occupancy. Speaking of transient, we witnessed the continuation of the first quarter theme on the business transient traveler returning in the second quarter. Combine that with a sizeable increase in corporate group business and banquet F&B spend in the quarter, and it is reasonable to conclude that the corporate customer is healthy. We are optimistic that business travel will remain strong over the course of the year and into next year, particularly as non-residential fixed investment and corporate profits continue to project mid-single digit increases. Looking comprehensively at revenue, total comparable hotel revenues increased 3.7%, boosted by an F&B revenue increase of 4.8% and other revenues increasing 9.8%. Our asset managers continue to do an excellent job working with our property managers, finding ways to increase ancillary revenues at our properties. These contribute meaningfully to our overall market performance. As was the story in the first quarter, we continued to do a great job improving profitability in our properties and driving comparable EBITDA margin growth. In the second quarter, comparable EBITDA margins grew 90 basis points. We received a tax rebate at the Marriott Marquis in New York, which positively impacted margins by 40 basis points. The balance of the margin lift was a result of increased ancillary revenues, increased productivity and reductions in undistributed operating expenses. This translated to adjusted EBITDAre of $476 million for the quarter and adjusted FFO per share of $0.54. Both were significantly above consensus estimates. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA was $846 million and FFO per diluted share was $0.97. As we look into the second half of the year, our group booking pace is very strong with group revenues up 4.7%. The fourth quarter of this year remains the strongest group quarter with group revenue 5.4% ahead of last year. With approximately 95% of our group revenues on the books for 2018 and occupancies at all-time highs, we continue to see the booking window extend. The global economy continues to exhibit strength and appears supportive of industry growth. The economic indicators we closely follow, corporate profits and non-residential fixed investment, remained strong. The forecast for non-residential investment has surprised to the upside and now stands at 6.5% for 2018 with 4.5% improvement forecast for 2019. As mentioned earlier, the pickup in business transient travel continues to gain traction and provides reason for optimism. Combined with a healthy group pace for the second half of the year, the stage is set for continued increases in rates, which should drive profitability at our hotels. This is only bolstered by continued strong leisure demand, resulting from record levels of consumer confidence and low unemployment. This combination of better than expected first half results and increased macroeconomic optimism is driving the across-the-board raise to our full guidance. As a result, we are raising the midpoint of our comparable RevPAR growth guidance for the full year to a revised range of 1.75% to 2.5%. This is predicated on our belief that the first half, which materially outperformed our expectations from the beginning of the year, will match our long-held top line expectations for the second half of the year. We feel very confident that this is achievable given the strength of our second half group pace and supportive macroeconomic factors. Consistent with this trend, we are anticipating comparable EBITDA margins of 25 basis points to 75 basis points based on our revised RevPAR range. At the new midpoint of 2.1% RevPAR growth, we expect comparable EBITDA margin growth of 50 basis points, an increase of 40 basis points from the midpoint of our prior guidance. 2018 adjusted EBITDAre has been raised by $20 million at the midpoint to $1.545 billion on a revised range of $1.525 billion to $1.565 billion. I would point out that this increase is on top of the $25 million increase in guidance we posted last quarter, while also factoring in an incremental $2 million in lost EBITDA due to the W Union Square sale, offset by the delayed closing of one additional asset sale. We are increasing 2018 adjusted FFO per share by approximately $0.04 at the midpoint to $1.74 on a revised range of $1.71 to $1.76. In closing, we are pleased with another beat-and-raise quarter as it continues to demonstrate the attributes of our premier lodging REIT. Our diversified portfolio of irreplaceable assets, our unmatched scale and platform, and our investment-grade balance sheet positions us well to continue to outperform our peers in the near, medium, and long term. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael, who will discuss our operating performance and our balance sheet in much greater detail.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. As Jim mentioned, we had an outstanding second quarter, with impressive beats to our internal top and bottom line results, as well as consensus estimates, enabling us to increase our guidance for the full year. Comparable RevPAR increased 2.8% on a currency-neutral basis, of which 80% was driven by average room rate and, in part, drove comparable EBITDA margins to increase an impressive 90 basis points this quarter. 40 basis points of the margin expansion was related to a tax rebate at the New York Marriott Marquis, with the remainder of the strong performance driven by rate-driven RevPAR growth, better-than-expected F&B revenues, an increase in ancillary revenues and broad operational efficiency. As a result, adjusted EBITDAre increased 6.7% to $476 million this quarter, which was $21 million or 5% above consensus estimate. In addition, adjusted FFO per share grew over 10%, which was $0.03 or 6% above consensus estimate this quarter. We remain impressed by the exceptional job of our property and asset managers to bring more profit to the bottom line. Now, I would like to address the Marriott Starwood integration that has been the topic of discussion this earnings season. We have not seen any measurable impact from the sales integration. In fact, the RevPAR index for our legacy Starwood portfolio actually outpaced that of our Marriott legacy portfolio in the quarter. Furthermore, we continued to reap the benefits from the Marriott Starwood revenue and cost synergies. In particular, we continue to accrue benefits from reduced OTA charges, procurement, credit card, reward and centralized system cost. We will continue to monitor and work with Marriott to ensure a smooth transition, and we are very pleased with what we have seen to date. Looking at specific performance in our individual markets, our best-performing domestic markets this quarter were New Orleans, San Antonio, San Francisco and Orlando. RevPAR increases range from 8% to almost 12% in these markets, generally benefiting from strong corporate group business. Overall, group revenues increased double digit in these markets with growth ranging from 12% to over 14%. Our New Orleans Marriott outperformed this quarter with RevPAR growth of 11.8%, exceeding the STR upper upscale results by 440 basis points. The impressive results were driven by increases in average rate of 7.4% and a 3.4 percentage point increase in occupancy. Strong citywide demand in the quarter resulted in an increase in corporate group room nights, which allowed our managers to drive transient rate. Group revenues increased 13.5% and transient rate increased over 9% this quarter. In addition, the strong group business at the property contributed to a 7.5% increase in the more profitable banquet and catering business. Our hotels in San Antonio increased RevPAR by 10% this quarter driven predominantly by average rate that grew 8%. Strong group business, in particular, improved group revenues over 14% and boosted food and beverage growth by almost 19%. The RevPAR growth at our San Francisco hotels exceeded our expectations with a significant increase of 8.6%, driven by a 6% improvement in average rate and a 2.1 percentage point expansion in occupancy. The Fisherman's Wharf Hotel benefited from its rooms renovation, while other hotels benefited from strong corporate group business. Total group revenues increased 13.5% and food and beverage revenue grew 15.4% with a more profitable banquet and catering revenues increasing 19%. Our Orlando World Center Hotel continues to benefit from strong overall leisure transient demand. However, in the second quarter, the hotel's RevPAR growth of 8% was primarily driven by strong group business. Group occupancy grew 6.3 percentage points and group average rate increased 5.7%, combining for 12.4% group revenue growth. Once again, strong group business allowed for more aggressive pricing, driving up the average rate by almost 7% and increased banquet and catering revenues by over 10%. Looking to markets that were more challenged in the quarter, our hotels in Boston experienced a RevPAR decline of 2.9% in the second quarter as weaker citywides contributed to the decline in group business. There was a 40% drop in the number of citywide this quarter and only one event at the Heinz Convention Center, which impacted our two large hotels in Boston. RevPAR in our hotels in Atlanta decreased 2.7% in the quarter, primarily from an average rate decline of 3.2%. Our performance was particularly challenged from the renovation disruption at The Whitley, a Luxury Collection Hotel, which is undergoing a conversion from a Ritz-Carlton. In Los Angeles, RevPAR at our hotels declined 2.2%, resulting from a 2.9% decline in average rate, slightly offset by a 60-basis-point increase in occupancy. Impact from the Marriott, LAX and Manhattan Beach Marriott renovations in 2017 negatively impacted our properties in the market. If we exclude Boston, Atlanta, and Los Angeles, the remainder of our portfolio grew RevPAR at 3.7%. Moving away from our quarterly results and looking to our forecast for the full year, we expect our hotels in Miami, Philadelphia, Maui, and San Francisco to outperform our portfolio. Conversely, we anticipate the DC, Houston and Atlanta markets to underperform. In July, we paid a regular second quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents a yield of approximately 4% on our current stock price. In addition, this represents a payout ratio of 46% on our adjusted FFO per share. We did not repurchase any shares in 2018, but have $500 million of capacity available under the current share repurchase program. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility as we are the only large REIT with an investment-grade balance sheet, which we are committed to maintain as we believe it is a prominent differentiator to our peers and provides flexibility to take advantage of value creation opportunities throughout the cycle. As of June 30, 2018, we had cash of $646 million and $551 million of available capacity remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Total debt was $4.2 billion, with an average maturity of 4.5 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4%. In addition, we have no debt maturities until 2020. Subsequent to the quarter-end, we repaid $150 million under the revolver portion of our credit facility and, as a result, have approximately $500 million of cash and $700 million of available capacity. Our leverage ratio is approximately 2.4 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility, providing a significant dry powder for external growth opportunities. Moving to outlook, lastly, as you model and forecast out the remainder of 2018, please keep in mind that we generally earn approximately 20% to 21% of our total adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter. Overall, we are pleased with our strong operating results which enabled us to increase our guidance across the board for the year. Our performance continues to demonstrate that owning a portfolio of iconic, irreplaceable and geographically diversified hotels, having the scale and platform to drive value combined with a powerful investment grade balance sheet, is a strong strategic position to deliver significant value to shareholders over the long term. This concludes our prepared remarks. And we are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Rich Hightower from Evercore ISI.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Rich.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Rich.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Thanks for taking the question here. So, I've got one. I'll make it count. With respect to capital allocation, clearly Host is interested in portfolio recycling which entails both buying and selling assets, and you guys have done a fair amount of both recently. My question here is, on the acquisition side, given the fact that private markets are pretty strong, there is liquidity out there looking to be allocated to hotels and a lot of that carries a low cost of capital, how do you sort of thread that needle between being a public vehicle with a certain cost of capital versus the private market for acquisitions which may or may not accommodate that at any given time?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Rich. Happy to address your question. So, as we think about our strategy which we have articulated very clearly, it is to continue to build out the iconic and irreplaceable portfolio of hotels which we identified in our supplemental disclosure, the top 40. The top 40 hotels which have a RevPAR of roughly $234 accounted for roughly 62% of our EBITDA last year and generated close  over $900 million in EBITDA. So the portfolio within the portfolio is larger than any other standalone REIT that's in the public marketplace today. So we think about iconic and irreplaceable. We think about having scale and geographic diversity. And the last pillar really is the investment-grade balance sheet. So as we sit back and say, how do we get there, how do we continue to build out iconic and irreplaceable, our view is that there are two ways to do it. If the markets are  depending on where the markets are, you either buy hotels or you sell hotels. And we take a constant read of acquisition opportunities in the marketplace. We take a constant read of where the capital markets are today. And if we see an opportunity to recycle capital out of lower RevPAR hotels with slower growth prospects and in need of CapEx, that's certainly something we would consider to do because it's very consistent with our strategy.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Okay. And maybe one quick follow-up there. I mean, where  what do you think the public markets are telling you to do right now?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Be prudent allocators of capital, maintain your discipline, and don't be shy about recycling when you see the right opportunities, and don't be shy about buying when you see the right opportunities. And if your stock price...
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Got it.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: If your stock price happens to dip and you think your stock is a good buy, we have $500 million authorization and we certainly won't be shy about buying back shares.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thank you, Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays Capital.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. In New York, there's talk that there could be hotel undersupply over the next few years given strong office space construction and increasing Airbnb regulation. How do you balance the opportunity maybe to continue to monetize the assets in New York at low cap rates versus what seems to be improving long-term outlook in the market?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, Anthony, I think we would agree that that New York generally as a market is always going to be a good hotel market. Clearly, it's the highest RevPAR market in the country. I would tell you that we look asset-by-asset as we always have and we look at how we think our hotel is going to perform over the near to medium term and build out whole value scenarios and we look at alternative usage for every property in the portfolio, including our New York hotels. And as we mentioned in our release, we closed on the W Lex and we have the W Union Square under contract. And as we looked at the right strategy for each of those assets, we took all those factors into consideration. I think for the near term, New York is going to continue to have supply headwinds. We're obviously very in line with what's happening, with leveling the playing field from an Airbnb perspective, but New York is still going to have a lot of supply for the next two or three years, in our opinion, and it's a high-cost market in which to operate. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're taking steps to reduce our exposure to profitability-challenged hotels, and those are hotels with high expense ratios, high expense flows and expense inflation and hotels that are in the need of CapEx.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Bellisario with Baird.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Michael.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to stick to the topic of CapEx. I guess maybe you think out to 2019, how are rising costs, both labor and materials, kind of affecting your thinking? And does it change timing of any projects that you have in the hopper and kind of how does it move up and down or how do assets move up and down on the potential sell list as you think about CapEx needs?
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, CapEx is obviously one factor that we look at, Michael, when we evaluate what we think a hotel is worth to us. We are early into the budgeting process for our comprehensive 2019 capital plan. We'll have some meetings in September to really drill down, and as we do every year, look at hotel by hotel project by project and make some determinations on if owner-funded CapEx is required, is there a value play and are we willing to invest in the asset. So obviously, we have a full in-house capability with our design and construction group, and we're very current on trends in both labor and materials cost. And when we sit down, we will have all those facts and figures in front of us.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Understood. And then, as you think about acquisitions and what you're underwriting, does that change any  your thought process on maybe redevelopment or deeper repositioning opportunities for the potential deals you might  may or may not be looking at today?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think that when it comes to acquisition underwriting, it's the same process. And, of course, if we feel that as part of our underwriting that the CapEx needs of any particular potential acquisition or any value enhancement project that we might undertake are such that we will not be able to underwrite to our return hurdles then that will change our point of view about moving forward.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's all from me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask you...
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hi, Smedes.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. When you look at some of your larger hotels in the portfolio, is there an opportunity or would you take the approach to kind of incrementally group up that others seem to be having some success on? You mentioned some hotels are like more profit-challenged. Would that be a strategy at some of your hotels?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think, we developed  Smedes, we developed a optimal revenue strategy for every property in the portfolio. And those strategies are revisited on a daily basis quite frankly. So, as I mentioned, we have 95% of our group on the books. And we saw a nice pickup in corporate group, which is frankly more profitable given the higher total spend with food and beverage and AV revenues. So I think there's a balance. And clearly at some hotels, it makes sense to take more group, depending on what's happening in a particular market in a particular year. In other hotels, you want to take less group because you feel that you can drive corporate group, which is short-term bookings and higher-rated transient business into the property. So we have always had the strategy of optimal group transient mix. It's nothing new for us. It's something we've been doing for years, and we're right at about 40% group now, and it's going to vary by hotel and by market.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask you. You mentioned the tax rebate for the Marriott Marquis in New York. Was that related to just an appeal or something else? And then as you look at your margin expectations going forward, are there any tax rebates expected in those numbers?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: It's not related to an appeal, it was an inducement; an inducement to redevelop. As you may recall, we in partnership with Vornado, redeveloped a retail parcel there, and we had some help from the city. We also got some help from the city on the Westin Grand Central. There will be minor tax ICAP rebates in the second half of the year, but it's nothing material or worth talking about.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: On the margin side, Smedes, right, as we mentioned on the call, we had a  the property tax rebate had a 40 basis point impact to our margins. That's the same amount for the year-to-date. For the full year, the ICAP margin impact will be 17 basis points.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just following up on the last question. Were those tax rebates included in guidance before, or that helped, guys, I think, you still would have raised even if it's new.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I'm sorry, Tom. Can you ask that question one more time?
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. So you said you raised your full year guidance by $20 million, right? Were the tax  was the Marriott Marquis New York tax rebate in your prior guidance or was it not in your prior guidance? And I imply that it helped you by $5 million to $6 million. Is that fair?
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thomas, it was not in our guidance and your assessment is fairly accurate.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So you still would have raised, but by not as much. And then on the W New York sales, you highlighted earlier on that you sold them at a 1.3 cap rate. Obviously that's a very impressive cap rate for a sale. One would assume the buyers have or don't want the 1% cap rate. Can you just talk about what you expect they'll do? And did you look at other options for those properties and kind of how is your thought process around the eventual sale? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Thomas. Yes, we did look at other options for the properties. We go back to  let me take you back to 2006 for a moment, because we've been involved in New York for a long time, and in 2006, just to give you a sense of how we think about New York City, we own the Drake Hotel at 57th and Park, and we saw an opportunity to increase the FAR available to that hotel through purchasing air rights from adjacent property owners, really on 56th Street. And we assembled incremental FAR and we're able to deliver the hotel free and clear of the management contract, it was exquisitely timed, and recognized significant value. We sold the hotel for $440 million. And I think that was somewhere in the mid-20s from an EBITDA multiple perspective back then. I can say that by way of background to let you know that we look at all options that are available to us on every asset, and we are keenly familiar with New York and the current legislative landscape and what you can do and what you can't do. And that's all been taken into consideration. And we were very comfortable and very happy with the pricing we achieved.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I was hoping we could  morning. I was hoping we could drill down a little bit on some of the components of margins and just kind of conceptually. I know there's been some help with food and beverage strength, and I know there's been some help on some of the resort fees and other fees, and some of the green programs that might help on housekeeping costs. And then there's obviously core inflation working against you. Can you kind of bucket that, whether you want to look at it for the quarter or the full year? What are some of the pluses and minuses, and how sustainable do you think some of them are going forward?
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. So, a couple of things. So, first  so why don't we talk about the margins, the 90 basis points of which rate 40 basis points was attributable to property tax rebate taking us down to 50 basis point of sort of operational improvement. Of that, it was a mixture  it really was a very broad mixture of things, both top line and bottom line. In particular, we saw super strong F&B revenues, particularly banquet A&B, driven by over 15% corporate group business in the quarter. We also had  we talked about earlier, 80% of our ADR growth this quarter  or 80% of our RevPAR growth this quarter, driven by ADR, which as you know, just drives more profitability to the bottom line. We had a fair amount of an increase in utility revenues which are high profit, and our managers continue to try to find ways to continue to find those higher-profit opportunities in ancillary revenues. But then, when you go down to departmental expenses as well, we saw a fair amount of efficiencies coming out in those departments as well as on distributor operating expenses. So when I sort of think about where we were finding savings and opportunities, it really was very broad, both top and bottom line.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: And then the one thing I would also throw in there on the food and beverage, we saw improvements in productivity and we saw improvements in food cost. And with the outsize spend in beverage being driven by corporate group and improvements on the flow-through that really helps our margin performance.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just to follow up on that, on the margin question, maybe to package it a little differently though, obviously, you guys called out some of the very favorable initiatives that Marriott's kind of merger is delivering for you guys now that that's complete. Would you have any ability to break that piece out separately and say, okay, look, when we kind of look at Marriott's initiatives, they're contributing this much versus our core operating efficiencies and some of the mix shift things you just mentioned are contributing, why? So just kind of internal versus external a little bit.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's a little challenging, Shaun, to break it down with respect to what Marriott is doing. I will tell you that as we think about what Veenie (44:46) has said, that they continue to see margin improvements, they continue to work hard for the owners to reduce costs and expenses that we should see continued benefits from the various initiatives at Marriott. Whether it's reduced OTA commissions, we'll start seeing a benefit when the rewards programs are merged together with lower charge-out ratios on the expense side as we get our Starwood legacy hotels fully integrated into Avendra. We'll see lower procurement costs. We're seeing lower workers' comp costs on Marriott legacy properties as a result of Marriott implementing Starwood workers' compensation policies. So think about it in 2019 that maybe that's worth 50 basis points.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: And we're still expecting now a fair amount of expectation around revenue synergies driven by the sales force integration, loyalty program integration among others, so.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, guys. That's perfect. Jim, you mentioned the 50 basis points in 2019. Is that incremental or that will be sort of all-in, including some gains that are being recognized this year? Appreciate that a lot of things you said are still on the comm. So maybe more of it's next year, but is that like incremental or sort of  or total all-in?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I would think about it as being all-in, Shaun.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. No, thanks for the clarification. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies.
Khoa Ngo - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. This is Khoa Ngo on for David. If I can just jump back on to the capital allocation topic, there's clearly a big event going on in this space among your competitors. I'm just trying to get your thoughts on your decision-making process around company level versus the asset level. That would be great.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I'll answer the question first by saying, David (sic) [Khoa] (47:06), you never say never. However, our strategy has been clearly enunciated that we are focused on iconic and irreplaceable hotels and with scale and broad geographic diversification and investment grade balance sheet. So, when we look at individual assets versus portfolios versus other companies, our first screen is iconic and irreplaceable hotels, and that's how we think about it.
Khoa Ngo - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Maybe a follow-up on that one. Thanks for taking the question. As you look at the non-top 40 hotels, how would you characterize the typical potential buyer of those types of assets? How demand from that group may be evolving and how you would generally expect sales of those assets as you compare one-offs versus the portfolio? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. I think the buyer can come from different places. The buyer could be another REIT. The buyer could be a private equity firm, or the buyer frankly could be a sovereign. And we stay in close touch with everyone and keep a close view into the capital markets and what that financing might be available and what the cost of that financing might be and level of proceeds, and all that informs our decision as to what course of action we might take.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then maybe one unrelated follow-up and maybe I missed this in the beginning of the call, but I guess what are you seeing when you referenced the forward-booking strength, are you seeing any deviations across markets or cities? And any kind of color you can provide there as you look into the back half of 2018 and even 2019? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We're really not seeing any deviation. As you know, some markets  performance flips market-to-market, but all-in-all, we're not seeing any deviation.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Crow with Raymond James.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Jim...
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Bill.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: There are published reports that you are marketing $1.2 billion worth of assets; and a) curious on that front and where you are in that process; and b) as you think about if those reports are accurate, the use of proceeds would either be to build a war chest for transactions that may be on the market or coming to market and I think we can all kind of identify a strategic in a couple of other things that are out there. Or it's maybe to take quicker action on shifting the portfolio makeup kind of in response to some of the Street's requests through the years. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about what you would do if you in fact are selling that portfolio.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, Bill, you know that we don't comment on published reports. We only talk about press releases that we might issue. But if you think about what I said earlier with respect to our desire to really build out the portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable assets and if iconic and irreplaceable assets are not available or if it would make economic sense and be accretive to shareholders to buy back stock or reinvest in our portfolio, those are always all levers that we have to create shareholder value. But to answer your question a little more directly, there are two ways that we can build out the iconic and irreplaceable portfolio. We can do it, number one, by buying those types of hotels; or number two, we can do it by selling hotels that don't fit that profile. From a sales perspective, everything that we do starts with a disciplined review of each asset and our view of value  our whole value taking into account what we believe is a reasoned operating pro-forma as well as the capital needs of the asset going forward. That is the first screen when we're thinking about selling a hotel and when we're buying a hotel as well. So, we'll wait and see what happens.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. I appreciate that. If we fast forward a year, 18 months, do you think you still have investments outside the U.S.?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We continue to  as we talked earlier, Bill, over the course of the last several quarters, we continue to explore options with respect to the Euro JV. We're making good progress. I have nothing to report at this time. I hope to be able to have something to report over the next two calls with respect to the Euro JV. The other assets that we have, we have three hotels in Brazil and one in Mexico City and a couple hotels in Canada that really would be the balance of our exposure outside the U.S. So, we're focused on bringing our complete focus back to the U.S.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Great. Thanks. I wondered if you could give a little bit of color. I think you mentioned the increase in group in 2018, I don't know if I heard 2019. And then I'm also just wondering how that pace of future group for 2019 changed during the quarter. Others have suggested that some of the improvements in GDP haven't necessarily translated into better demand yet. I'm just curious for your take on that. Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Robin. Group booking pace in the quarter for all future periods is up 22%, and group booking pace in the quarter for 2019 is up 10%.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: And then in terms of any thoughts on how changes in macro improving the GDP has affected demand in your view or not affected, as the case may be?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I'll point to the outsized performance we had at corporate group in the second quarter. It was up almost 15%, and we saw strong spend with food and beverage, and AB revenues. And we are hopeful we're going to continue to see that trend continue over the balance of the year. We may not get a full 15% for the rest of the year, but we still anticipate corporate group to be up. And we also are hopeful that we're going to see corporate group continue to come back to our hotels in 2019.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Two-part question for me. I mean, can you talk about what you're seeing with international inbound demand right now and whether you've seen any impact from the stronger dollar? And then just to follow-up on that last question, as I think about the demand environment, everything we're seeing whether it's record occupancies, 4% GDP, tax reform, et cetera, historically you'd think you'd see a little bit more than 2% RevPAR growth right now. So, maybe you can talk a little bit about what you think is limiting that upside right now and some of this group booking pace has been building, if going forward into next year and beyond, you could start to see some acceleration from there?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Jared. We'll talk about international inbound demand first. We saw about a 13% pickup in the first quarter, and we saw an incremental 5% pickup in the second quarter. And the inbound demand was really very broad-based in Q2. International accounts were roughly 10% of our business and it's obviously on the coast where it's most impactful, so it's a tale of different markets as everything is in the hotel business. San Francisco, Seattle, Los Angeles, a lot of that inbound demand is coming from Asia and New York, Boston, and Florida, it's coming from Europe and Mexico, Middle East, so we're really seeing it across the board. That was one question. Can you repeat the second question?
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. It was really sort of a follow-up to Robin's question and just the demand environment overall seems pretty strong right now with....
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Whether...
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, we finished this quarter with 84% occupancy in our hotels. We have not seen that occupancy since 2000. And going into the balance of the year, the hotels continue to remain full. 95% of our group is on the books for this year. Where we have opportunities to yield out lower rated business and increase rate, we are doing that. We see the leisure traveler as being particularly strong. No signs of any weakness on that front. We're encouraged that corporate group is coming back. We're encouraged that the business traveler has returned. And I am confident that over time, assuming that those trends hold, which we have every reason to believe that they will, that we will be able to increase rates.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And I'll just add to that. Now, remember this quarter was interesting because you look at sort of what the attribution of RevPAR growth was last quarter  in the past couple of quarters compared to this quarter where you had 80% of your RevPAR growth driven by rate. We're certainly seeing our ability to start pushing ADR.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hello everyone. Can you go provide an update on the retail and signage at the Marriott Marquis? How much if at all is this helping other revenue growth this year? And then talk about the inducements at that property, is this a one-time event? Should we back it out for next year?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: The retail is virtually completely leased as is the signage. I think we have one space left. The ICAP will be around, but it will be  it will be around for a number of years, but it's going to be in lesser amounts.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then...
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: It...
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Go ahead, continue. Okay. So for that leasing, I mean, how much of that rent is  or I guess the lease payment, is that increased? If I recall correctly, that has various step-ups. Will you start to get  I imagine just a higher lease based on, I forget the formula but maybe a percentage of the lease rent at the property or can you give a quick update reminder how that works?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, you might  well, why don't we take this one offline. There's a lot of detail behind it and probably best to view that separately.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jim Risoleo for closing remarks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to discussing third quarter results and how the year is progressing on our next call. Everyone, please enjoy the rest of your summer.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. James Sullivan - BTIG LLC Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And at this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter 2018 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDAre and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our first quarter results and our outlook for 2018. Michael Bluhm, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide details on our first quarter performance by markets, discuss margins, and the balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Gee, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased to report a quarter that materially exceeded our internal expectations on the top and bottom line and beat consensus estimates for adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per diluted share. Based on this performance, we are raising our full year guidance for RevPAR, adjusted EBITDAre and adjusted FFO per share. For the full year, we have increased the midpoint of our comparable RevPAR guidance 50 basis points to 2%, increased the midpoint of adjusted EBITDAre by $25 million to $1.525 billion, and increased the midpoint of adjusted FFO per share by $0.05 to $1.70. These results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our geographically-diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels, our unprecedented scale and platform to drive internal and external growth, and the power and flexibility of our investment-grade balance sheet. Together, these key pillars formed the foundation of Host, the premier lodging REIT. As mentioned in our press release, we closed on the previously-discussed three-hotel portfolio of iconic Hyatt properties on March 29. Recycling out of low RevPAR, low growth, and high CapEx assets into these high RevPAR, high growth, and low CapEx hotels at roughly the same cap rate with an outstanding use of capital and instantly upgraded the overall portfolio. Although still early in our ownership, the Hyatt portfolio is performing above our initial underwriting. Keep in mind, this is before we begin implementing many of the value enhancement initiatives we identified in our underwriting. We are encouraged by early results and look forward to enhancing performance and value at these fantastic properties. Looking forward, we are maintaining our disciplined approach to capital allocation and are not including any additional purchases in our revised full-year guidance. We anticipate closing on the previously-announced sale of the W New York this month for $190 million. Please note that we have included one additional asset sale in our revised guidance for 2018. This sale will result in the expected loss of $6 million of EBITDA. As it relates to investing in our portfolio, we spent approximately $115 million on CapEx in the first quarter, which is consistent with our plan to spend between $475 million to $550 million this year on total CapEx. The most notable repositioning projects include the completion at The Phoenician and the start of a comprehensive renovation at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis, in addition to significant facade and other work occurring at The Ritz-Carlton, Naples Beach Resort. As I mentioned, our first quarter exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom line, particularly given the difficult comparison of 3.8% domestic RevPAR growth in quarter one 2017, which benefited from the inauguration and Women's March in Washington, D.C. These results are a testament to Host's scale and platform, particularly our asset management and enterprise analytics teams. While Michael will describe the quarter in greater detail, here are some of the highlights. While we expected to see some impact from the Passover holiday shift from April to March, and the earlier timing of the Easter holiday, transient demand significantly exceeded our expectations to the upside. As a result, on a constant currency basis, comparable hotel RevPAR improved 1.7% in the first quarter to $177, driven by a 170 basis point increase in occupancy, partially offset by a 60 basis point decrease in average rate. For the quarter, occupancy for our comparable hotel properties was 77.6%, the highest first quarter occupancy for the company in more than 15 years. This translated into adjusted EBITDAre of $370 million for the quarter and adjusted FFO per share of $0.43; both were significantly above consensus estimates. Transient demand increased 5.2% in the quarter, some of which was due to the holiday shift, but materially higher than we anticipated. Although average rate was relatively flat, this consistent demand throughout the first quarter resulted in transient revenues increasing 5.2%. As mentioned on our last call, we begin to see signs that business travel was picking up in the fourth quarter of 2017. This positive trend accelerated in the first quarter, and we estimate that both business travel revenue for the comparable portfolio grew over 6.5%. This growth occurred in most markets and was driven largely by the consulting, technology, and pharma sectors. While it is a bit early to predict where this trend is going for the remainder of 2018, we are optimistic that business travel will continue to strengthen over the course of the year and we will be monitoring this segment closely. As we anticipated, our group business was impacted by difficult comparisons in Washington, D.C. and Houston, which benefited from the Super Bowl last year. In addition, the earlier timing of the Passover and Easter holidays impacted group demand, as these holidays are typically weaker for group demand and stronger on the transient side. For the quarter, group revenue decreased 3.5% due to these events and holiday shifts. We expect group business to rebound in the second quarter as these calendar items abate. As we look to the remainder of the year, our group booking pace is strong, with group revenues up 4.5%. The fourth quarter of this year looks to be the strongest quarter with group revenue 6.5% ahead of last year. Overall, our group revenue pace is up approximately 2.2% to where we were at the same time last year. With approximately 85% of our group revenues on the books for 2018 and occupancies at all-time highs, we continue to see the booking window extend. As was the story in 2017, we continue to do a great job improving profitability at our properties and driving comparable EBITDA margin growth. In the first quarter, comparable EBITDA margins grew 60 basis points. We received a one-time tax rebate at the Westin Grand Central in New York, which positively impacted margins by 28 basis points. The balance of the margin lift was a result of increased productivity, strict cost controls, continued utility reductions as a result of sustainability investments and an increase in ancillary revenues. I should point out that we had made over $170 million in sustainable investments since 2015 and are achieving combined annual saving yield in excess of 14% on those investments. We also received numerous awards and recognitions in this area, including the 2017 NAREIT Leader in the Light award. We are committed to sustainable business practices and happy to be recognized for our achievements. Our asset management and enterprise analytics groups continue to be focused on driving cash flow to the bottom line. A 32 basis point improvement in margin on comparable hotel revenue growth of 1.5% is a testament to their efforts. To further enhance our analytic capabilities, we entered into an agreement with IBM Research, to leverage IBM's artificial intelligence expertise. This will allow us to improve our predictive capabilities by extracting insights from both structured and unstructured information. This is another example of taking advantage of our scale and access to information to develop leading-edge technologies and processes to drive long-term investment returns. This combination of better-than-expected first quarter results and increased macroeconomic optimism is driving the across-the-board raise to our full-year guidance. The global economy continues to exhibit strength and appears supportive of industry growth. The economic indicators we closely follow, corporate profits and nonresidential fixed investments continue to remain strong. As mentioned earlier, the pickup in business transient travel is positive and gives us further reason to be optimistic. Leisure demand continues to be strong, given record levels of consumer confidence. We also began to see some improvements in international travel to the U.S. in the first quarter. Although, this is a smaller part of our overall business, improved international visitation should bode well for demand in some of our major gateway markets. As a result, we are raising the midpoint of our comparable RevPAR growth guidance by 50 basis points to 2% on a revised range of 1.5% to 2.5%. This is predicated on our continued belief that the first quarter will be the weakest quarter of the year and that the second half of the year should be stronger than the first. The support for this outlook is the visibility provided by solid group pace for the remaining three quarters of 2018. Correspondingly, we are anticipating comparable EBITDA margins of minus 10 to plus 30 basis points based on our revised RevPAR range. At the new midpoint of 2% RevPAR growth, we expect EBITDA margin growth of 10 basis points, an increase of 10 basis points from our prior guidance. 2018 adjusted EBITDAre has been raised by $25 million at the midpoint to $1.525 billion on a revised range of $1.505 billion to $1.545 billion. I would point out that this increase would have been higher by $6 million if we had not included the expected loss related to the unidentified disposition that I discussed earlier. Therefore, the $25 million full-year increase in EBITDAre includes our $17 million first quarter beat versus consensus estimates, an additional $14 million increase over the balance of the year less the expected loss of $6 million from the unidentified disposition. We are increasing 2018 adjusted FFO per share by $0.05 at the midpoint to $1.70 on a revised range of $1.67 to $1.73. We are anticipating continued improvement for the remainder of the year relative to our budgets, which were completed in December 2017. In closing, we are pleased with our beat-and-raise quarter, as it continues to demonstrate the attributes of our premier lodging REIT. A diversified portfolio of irreplaceable assets, our unmatched scale and platform, and our investment-grade balance sheet positions us well to continue to outperform our peers in the near, medium, and long term. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael, who will discuss our operating performance and our balance sheet in much greater detail.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Good morning everyone. As Jim mentioned, we had an outstanding first quarter with impressive beats to our internal top and bottom line results as well as consensus estimates, enabling us to increase guidance meaningfully for the full year. Comparable RevPAR increased 1.7% driven by an occupancy increase of 170 basis points, and comparable EBITDA margins expanded by 60 basis points. Before getting into some of the details of our corporate performance, let me provide some operational results in our top markets for the quarter. Our best-performing domestic markets this quarter were Philadelphia, the Florida Gulf Coast, Maui, and Oahu. RevPAR increases range from 10% to 16% in these markets, generally benefiting from strong transient business exhibited by the double-digit transient revenue increases in these markets that range from 11% to over 26%. Our hotels in Philadelphia significantly outperformed our portfolio this quarter with RevPAR growth of 16%, exceeding Smith Travel Research upper-upscale results by 190 basis points. Our hotels benefited from the post-renovation ramp at The Logan Hotel, the NFL Playoffs, and the parade that resulted from winning the Super Bowl. Group and transient revenues increased 7% and 17%, respectively, and the hotels grew average rate by 6.5%. The RevPAR growth at our Florida Gulf Coast hotels exceeded our expectations with an impressive increase of 11.6% in a market where the STR upper-upscale results decreased by 30 basis points. Our iconic and irreplaceable hotels, such as The Ritz-Carlton in Naples, benefited from demand generated by the rooms out of service in the Caribbean and the Florida Keys because of hurricanes last year. Our hotels had a strong average rate growth of 9%. It's worth noting that the transient average daily rate at our Ritz-Carlton resort in Naples is over $1,000 for the quarter, an increase of over 10% last year. In Maui and Oahu, our iconic hotels, including our top RevPAR asset, the Fairmont Kea Lani in Wailea, grew RevPAR 9.7% in the quarter and exceeded the STR upper-upscale results by 680 basis points. The growth was driven by an 8.4% improvement in average rate and 110 basis point increase in occupancy. Our hotels in this market experienced both strong transient and group business, which improved 10.7% and 5.6%, respectively. Demand continues to be strong for our Hawaiian assets, providing our managers the ability to grow rate at our hotels. I would also point out that even though they are non-comp, two of the three Hyatt assets we recently acquired were in Maui and the Florida Gulf Coast, two of the top performing markets this quarter. Host, not unlike the overall industry, experienced challenges in the quarter in Washington, D.C., Houston, and San Antonio. While RevPAR at our hotels declined from 7% to 17.4%, these results outperformed our expectations and the hotels in Houston and San Antonio markets experienced better than expected transient demand. RevPAR at our hotels in Washington, D.C. declined 17.4% this quarter, with a 400 basis point decline in occupancy and a 13% decline in average rate. As is well known at this point, city-wide events last year, such as the inauguration and the Women's March in Washington, D.C. provided for difficult year-over-year comparisons at our hotels this quarter. In Houston, while RevPAR decreased 9%, the results exceeded our expectations due to stronger than expected transient demand. It was encouraging to see transient demand growth of 3.4% this quarter. However, our hotels were impacted by the decline in group revenues as our hotels posted high-rate Super Bowl groups last year. Interestingly, excluding Washington, D.C. and Houston, comparable RevPAR for our portfolio for the quarter would have been up 3.8%. Our hotels in San Antonio experienced a RevPAR decline of 7% in the first quarter as weaker city-wide contributed to the declining group business. However, based on the improved group bookings through the remainder of the year for San Antonio, we expect these hotels in this market to outperform the portfolio as a whole for the rest of the year. Looking at our forecast for the full year, we expect Miami, Philadelphia, and San Antonio to outperform our portfolio. Conversely, we anticipate Washington, D.C., Houston, and Atlanta to underperform. Moving to our profitability and margin performance, we remain impressed by the exceptional job of our property and asset managers in bringing more profit to the bottom line. Adjusted EBITDAre exceeded our internal estimates at $370 million this quarter, which was $17 million or 5% above consensus estimates. In addition, adjusted FFO per share exceeded our internal estimates at $0.43 and was $0.03 or 7.5% above consensus estimates this quarter. As Jim noted, comparable hotel margins were up 60 basis points in the first quarter with 28 basis points of that a result of a one-time tax rebate in New York at the Westin Grand Central. This rebate was an exchange for the investments we made to reposition the property. However, removing that one-time item, margins were still up 32 basis points on comparable hotel revenue of 1.5%, which is remarkable. We saw continued productivity improvements as room productivity improved 1.4% in the quarter. A primary driver of those results came from Marriott's Green Choice initiative which, we believe, still has room to improve going forward. We also witnessed the increased F&B productivity improvement as an additional eight hotels restructured their room service programs. Finally, we saw continued savings from our time and motion studies, although the year-over-year benefit was less impactful on the overall portfolio because we're moving the studies to our small- and medium-sized hotels. Additionally, undistributed operating expenses remained well below inflation at only 50 basis points, aiding margin improvement throughout the quarter. For instance, utility expenses remain low, increasing only 30 basis points for the quarter. This result was partially due to the benefits from our continued efforts to implement energy ROI-saving projects. Other departmental revenue was also a contributor to margin outperformance this quarter as we saw a pickup in high margin ancillary revenues and cancellation fees. Cancellation fees were up primarily from group cancellations at only five properties, but we also witnessed increases in transient cancellation. With attrition flat in the quarter, this speaks positively to the overall customer demand and also indicates continued customer adoption of the longer cancellation windows our managers have been implementing across the portfolio. Speaking of booking trends, travel agent commissions declined in the quarter, providing 10 basis points in the margin benefit. Notably, during the first quarter, we saw direct bookings grow more than OTAs since Marriott introduced its book direct initiative in early 2016. This is an encouraging trend at the end, demonstrates that customer habits are evolving, which is great as the customer acquisition costs are materially lower than what people book through Marriott.com. Moving to our dividend, in April, we paid a regular first quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents a yield of approximately 4% on our current stock price. In addition, this represents a payout ratio of 47% on our adjusted AFFO per share. We did not repurchase any shares in 2018 but have $500 million of capacity available under the current repurchase program, and used as one of the tools in our toolkit to create enhanced shareholder value at the appropriate point in time. Moving to the balance sheet, we continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility as we are the only lodging REIT with an investment-grade balance sheet. The advantage of our strong balance sheet was clearly demonstrated in the efficient execution of our $1 billion acquisition of the Hyatt portfolio. As you'll recall, there was a tremendous increase in stock market volatility around the time we went under contract on that acquisition, which we believe hindered potential buyers. Host's liquidity and investment-grade balance sheet was a key differentiator of our ability to perform, thus, enabling us to secure that iconic portfolio of assets from Hyatt. At March 31, 2018, we had cash of $323 million and $511 million of available capacity remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Total debt was $4.3 billion with an average maturity of 4.8 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.9%. In addition, we have no debt maturity until 2020. Our leverage ratio is approximately 2.7 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility. We intend to use the net proceeds from the W New York sale and the newly-announced, unidentified asset sale to repay outstanding amounts under our credit facility or for general corporate purposes. We have the only investment-grade balance sheet in the lodging REIT space, which we are committed to maintain as it is a prominent differentiator to our peers and provides flexibility to take advantage of value-creation opportunities throughout the cycle. Lastly, as you model and forecast out the remainder of 2018, please keep in mind that we generally earn 29% to 30% of our total adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter. Overall, we are pleased with our strong operating results, which enabled us to increase our guidance across the board for the year. Furthermore, we are excited to close on the $1 billion acquisition of three Hyatt hotels and plug them into our industry-leading enterprise analytics and asset management platform. Overall, our performance continues to demonstrate that owning a portfolio of iconic, irreplaceable, and geographically diversified hotels, having the scale and platform to drive value, combined with a powerful investment-grade balance sheet is a strong strategic position to deliver significant value to our stockholders over the long term. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To be sure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: And first from Barclays, we'll hear from Anthony Powell.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Anthony.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning. Could you talk about your capital allocation priorities for the rest of the year? Are you seeing attractive acquisition opportunities in the market? And given the increase in merger activity in the space in recent years, are public company acquisitions a more realistic possibility for you right now?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: That's a multiple-part question, Anthony. Let me break it down a little bit for you as I answer it. First of all, I would tell you that we're not seeing a large amount of individual or portfolio acquisition opportunities that fit our profile. And when I say fit our profile, I'm not only talking about the nature of the asset, but I'm talking about the disciplined way in which we underwrite these potential investment opportunities. So, that's one of the reasons why we didn't include any additional acquisitions in our guidance for the balance of the year. Of course, we're still looking at opportunities as they present themselves, and we're trying to get out ahead of the pack and bring to bear the attributes of the company and our scale and our access to information, and the fact that we do have an investment-grade balance sheet as opportunities present themselves. On the M&A front, I would say that, as I've said in the past, we are very open-minded and we evaluate all opportunities to enhance NAV, and we'll continue to think about our strategy in that context going forward.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. I wanted to ask about some of the changes that have come into play recently with some of the cancellation policies. I guess both Marriott and Hilton and  do you think those are beginning to have a more sustainable positive impact on rate growth and revenue management, given that the booking window has continued to extend out?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We're very pleased with the implementation of the new cancellation policies. We have seen a, clearly, have seen a difference in booking patterns at the hotels. And most importantly, we're delighted that our property managers are enforcing the policies. We saw an uptick in cancellation fees in quarter one. It wasn't across the portfolio, it really dealt with the groups at five different hotels. But to be able to collect cancellation fees from groups, that is really something new. And we're also seeing it happen with the transient customer as well.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Very good. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Next from BTIG, we'll hear from Jim Sullivan.
James Sullivan - BTIG LLC: Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Jim.
James Sullivan - BTIG LLC: Jim, I wonder if you could comment about New York. The results were pretty decent in the quarter. And kind of two-part question here. What's your outlook for the balance of the year in that market? And secondly, in connection with that, do you have any read on international inward bound traffic trends, either in the quarter or currently?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: A couple questions. All right. With respect to international inbound, we did see a pickup on international inbound. And in conversations we've had with Marriott International, they've seen a pickup of about 13%. So, our total of our book of business, and it's spread across various gateway markets, New York being one of them, we generate about 10% of our business from international travel. So, we expect that that will help us not only in New York but in some of the other gateway markets where we operate, such as San Francisco, Miami, Los Angeles, and Seattle as well. With respect to New York, Jim, I think our take on the city is, yes, we did see a pickup in the first quarter. We saw a nice bump in demand. We did see business travel return to our New York markets. However, there is still a lot of supply coming online this year and a lot of supply coming online next year. So, I would not anticipate seeing a material acceleration in performance in New York in 2018.
James Sullivan - BTIG LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Hightower with Evercore.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Hi. Morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Rich.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Thanks for taking the question here. So, I just want to go back to one of the prepared comments on the pickup in business transient during the quarter and the balance for the rest of the year. So it seems like demand is getting unambiguously stronger, but pricing was a little soft. Is that just sort of a timing issue? There's usually a lag between demand and pricing power, and if that's the case, is there any sort of ADR pickup in transient demand folded in the guidance at this point?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. Rich, I had a little bit of a difficult time hearing you. I think your question was related to the pickup in business demand in  if I could paraphrase it, tell me if I'm on the right track here. When is rate going to fall off?
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Yeah. That's generally correct. And then, how much of that is baked in the guidance as well?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, we have seen in the first quarter business transient demand pick up in really across the board but mainly in a handful of markets. We saw business demand pick up in Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Denver, and San Diego. And with respect to the rate, we continue to look at corporate profits, and we continue to look at the business investment number, or non-fixed residential investment number, which is strong and has been increasing over the last several years. That's a pretty good indicator from our perspective of what's going to happen with the business traveler. So in the first quarter in particular, while business demand room nights was up, as I mentioned, our group pace was down predominantly as a result of the holiday shifts, as a result of Easter and Passover shifting, and group business going down. So, we were not in a position in Q1 to really drive rate and yield the business traveler. We are hopeful that that will change over the course of the year.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks for that, Jim. Would you say that any such pickup is reflected in guidance at this point?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: No, it's not, Rich. As I mentioned, we're optimistic but  and we're going to be tracking business travel very closely over the balance of the year, but while I'd like to say that one quarter makes a trend, we're not ready to predict that just yet.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: All right. Great. Thanks for that, Jim.
Operator: Moving on, we have Michael Bellisario from Baird.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Mike.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just want to go back to the first question on capital allocation. Maybe can you share your thoughts on the assets and portfolios that you have seen transact? And then maybe how has that changed the way you think about monetizing more of your assets or maybe selling some of the lower-tier properties within your portfolio?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, of course, we track every deal in the market even if it's not an asset that we may be interested in acquiring. So, we're getting a fairly good sense of what's happening on the acquisition side, the bid-ask between buyers and sellers and the debt capital markets are strong. So, as we sit back and think about what does that mean to us, I'll start with a premise that we're very comfortable with the portfolio that we have today. That said, we would certainly be opportunistic sellers if we could achieve pricing on an asset or group of assets that exceeds our hold value. We look at every hotel at least on an annual basis, if not, more frequently to draw a point of view of what that asset is worth to us. And if we see the pendulum swinging in a way that we may be able to meaningfully beat those hold values, then of course, we would take advantage of that opportunity.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next from Citi, we have Smedes Rose.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. You mentioned in your opening remarks that the trends in the leisure markets were strong in the first quarter, and some of it, I think, was related to displacement from markets being out of service. I mean, when you talk to the operators, do you have a sense of how much of the incremental demand is that versus just continued strong trends from organic leisure growth? And I guess what I'm kind of wondering is, are we setting up for just sort of a really tough comp as those other markets come back online?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Smedes, I don't think we're setting ourselves up for a tough comp as other markets come online. Are the markets you're referring to the Caribbean and the Florida Keys in particular?
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Well, just the Caribbean in general. Post-hurricane, there's a lot of rooms out of service, and there's been a lot of negative headlines around Mexico. And I'm just wondering if you're saying  if we're just moving people from those places to your resorts, which is great, but I'm just wondering how sustainable is that?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think that, as we think about transient revenues in the first quarter, roughly  our rough breakdown is  if you think about our segmentation at the top line, we're roughly 40% group, 55% transient, 5% contract. Of the transient base, about 40% of that is leisure and about 50% is business, and about 10% is government. So, if you break it down from that perspective, we saw a pickup in leisure business, and we saw a pickup in business transient traveler really across the board. I mean, the markets that drove leisure for us in the quarter, in addition to the Florida Gulf Coast, were Maui, Phoenix, and Orlando. And as I mentioned before, the markets that really drove business for us were Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Denver, and San Diego. I think this really points out, Smedes, to the nature of the assets we own and the broad geographic diversification of the portfolio that we have. So, we fill in where we can and we drive business in all the markets.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that color. I just wanted to ask you, so could you maybe just talk a little bit about group trending specifically in 2019 and particularly in San Francisco, and maybe any thoughts  are there any change in strategy with the Hyatt that you acquired there in terms of group versus transient of that property or any kind of thoughts you can provide there?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. Well, as we all know, 2018  coming into the latter part of 2018, and 2019, and 2020, San Francisco is forecasted to have some very good growth. And we're excited to participate in that growth as we go forward. The Hyatt is roughly a 20% group house, 80% transient, 20% group. And I can tell you that, as we underwrote that transaction, we had a clear view into group bookings for 2018 and 2019, and we're very comfortable with the forecasted RevPAR performance for that hotel going forward. The same with the Marquis, we took a look at that asset and made a decision that  just given the scale that we have and our ability to effectively manage complex renovations and think about displacement at that hotel, that it made sense to get the bulk of the work done this year, all the public space done this year, most of the rooms done this year, and modest rooms out of service going forward, so that we can also participate in a pickup in group business in 2019 at that hotel.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. Couple of questions on current trends. Can you give us any commentary around either quarter-to-date or April RevPAR? And then, you may have given this, I didn't hear, but what would 1Q RevPAR been ex the holiday adjustments  the holiday? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thomas, I am not sure that I have the data to tell you what Q1 would have been ex the holiday. The only thing I will point to, again, which I think is impressive is if you were to exclude Houston and Washington, D.C. from our results, our Q1 RevPAR would have been 3.8%, which I think is really strong performance. I mean, it is really strong performance and we're very proud of the ability of our managers and asset managers and enterprise analytics to drive that number going forward. With respect to April, we don't have April results in yet. We have most of them in, but given that we have a couple of days left in the quarter to report, I'm not comfortable giving you a hard number, but I will tell you April was in line with our expectations, maybe a little stronger.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then...
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: A little stronger than our expectations.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: A little stronger. Okay. Perfect. And then just a follow-up, the UNITE HERE, the union put out a report about some of your peers talking about how they were entering to negotiations this summer after five years  after having not done so in five years. Where are you in terms of labor negotiations for major properties? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, we don't sit at the table with UNITE HERE or any of the other unions, but we do collaborate with our management companies with respect to the positions that we feel are most appropriate as conversations are had with representatives of the labor unions. And negotiations and conversations have begun in the Boston marketplace and in Los Angeles. So, our best guess of what that looks like is baked into our guidance for the year.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Next from UBS, we have Robin Farley.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: On the  great. I know you highlighted already some of the reasons that margins were up even though rate was down, and I guess my question is how sustainable is that when we look after your guidance for this year, when we look to next year, in terms of maintaining that?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Robin, we  there were a number of factors that drove margin performance in the first quarter. Clearly, we had ancillary income increases in a number of different areas that tracked increased demand. And as I mentioned, we had the one-time tax rebate at Westin Grand Central, which contributed 28 basis points. But that said, we were able to increase our full-year EBITDA margin guidance by 10 basis points. So, we saw improvements in rooms productivity. We saw improvements in food and beverage productivity. We saw a decline in food procurement cost. We continue to see benefits from Marriott's implementation of Make a Green Choice, which was a Starwood legacy program that is really helping us. I think we saw the Make a Green Choice program accelerate about 3.4% in the quarter. We think there's a lot more room to go with that initiative going forward. We saw improvements in procurement cost on the Starwood legacy hotels as they get plugged into Avendra going forward. And there are a number of other things that we're excited about in connection with the Starwood integration into Marriott as we go forward. And we think that we'll continue to find ways to improve margin performance both on the Marriott legacy hotels as well as the Starwood legacy hotels. Another example is that Marriott is implementing Starwood's best practices on worker compensation at our Marriott legacy hotels, which is also helping us reduce cost. And then again, we have time and motion studies available to us on the balance of the portfolio, the medium and smaller hotels. We certainly wouldn't expect to see the same level of benefits as a result of those time and motion studies that we saw on the bigger box hotels. But we will continue to see productivity improvements and cost savings along those lines. I just want to leave you with one thought, we're never done. So, we're always looking for the next opportunity to increase productivity and to reduce cost as we look at our assets going forward.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: And then just as a follow-up, when we think about the sort of idea that RevPAR has to be up 2% to 3% in order to see margin growth, do you think that will be different in 2019? In other words, given the initiatives you just laid out for us, is that kind of benchmark lower than for 2019?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I would tell you that our forecast would have flat margins at 2% RevPAR growth. I don't see any reason to move off of that at this point. I mean, this year, we're going to increase margins 10 basis points to 2%. So, I think a good bet is if you have 2% and flat margins, that should be achievable.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. Maybe kind of a two-parter. First was, just Marriott recently put through a plan to reduce third-party commission rates. So, I'm just curious, how much of your business came through that third-party channel, and maybe how that has affected your group pace in 2018 or 2019? And maybe just as a follow up, what is it about the opportunity with IBM that led you to approach them, and what specifically do you hope to improve? I'm just curious how, I guess, Watson is differentiated from the service the brands provide you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Let me answer the first question  second question first, Jeff, because we're really excited about our newfound relationship with IBM Research. The world is moving to artificial intelligence and predictive capabilities. And while we all, everyone in our space has access to a lot of structured data, we have access to new supply, we have access to historical RevPAR, we have access to projected RevPAR, which doesn't always turn out to be what the forecasts are. We had several meetings with the researchers at IBM to look at ways that we can predict RevPAR, which I think is something a bit different and it would be much more quantitative than is available to anyone today. They were willing to enter into this arrangement with us, given our scale and access to information. So we can look at various markets across the country and look at unstructured data in addition to structured data, such as what's happening in, pick a city, X, Y, Z city, what's happening in terms of businesses moving to those cities. What's happening with respect to the municipality's support of the growth in industry and jobs? What's happening in higher education, in housing? And that data is out there, but it's pretty difficult to go into any particular market, particularly when we operate across the country and corral it and say, okay, this is where we should be allocating capital in 2019, 2020, 2021. So we're hopeful that our relationship with Watson is going to give us that extra analytic capability to really look a little bit into the future, to understand trends that today are not so easy to predict. So your question regarding the Marriott's negotiation with the travel agent, the group travel agent commissions, most of our business  I shouldn't say most  but I'd say 60% of our group business is obtained through third-party intermediaries. That business has been growing over the years. We feel very strongly that decreasing the commissions will benefit the owners over the long term. We saw a little bit of an increase in booking activity in March. As I'm sure you're aware, the way the program works with Marriott is the Big Four, the four biggest intermediaries, are maintaining their 10% commission through the balance of this year. Effective January of next year, it will be reduced to 7%. The balance of the group intermediaries saw that change occur as of April 1. So, we saw a bit of a pull forward in some business, but as we sat around and talked about it yesterday, the order of magnitude of the business that we saw pull forward relative to our absolute level of group bookings, frankly, was immaterial.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next, from Raymond James, we have Bill Crow.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning. That leads me into my question, which is, see if you can quantify the impact, not only of the 10% to 7% shift, but also in anticipation of Marriott's negotiations with the OTAs later this summer, let's call it, 100 basis points, every 100 basis points of take rate  commission rate goes down, what's the impact to you? I get the sense it's more impactful for Host than it is for many others.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Bill, you're referring to the OTAs or the tender stuff?
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah. I think there's two topics, right? The one that was just discussed, which is the big group commissions , if you save 300 basis points on a full-year basis, what does that translate into for you all? And then the second one is the OTAs and the negotiations, what every 100-basis-point reduction in that take rate would mean to you all?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, I don't have the math in front of me, Bill, but I will tell you that we're getting roughly 10% of our business through the OTA channels. We can certainly do the math and get back to you on that number. With respect to the group commissions, we looked at a number of different scenarios before this program was rolled out. We sat down with Marriott and looked at upsides scenarios and downside scenarios. So, without giving a specific number, we feel that there will be benefit to the bottom line as we transition from 10% to 7% going forward. And that's why we were prepared to sign onto the program.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Do you have a number for budget for group commissions for 2018 that we get that adjust?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I don't. Not in front of me anyway. Well, let us look something up and we'll give you a call back.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: You got it. Appreciate it. That's it for me.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Next, we have Gregory Miller with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. I'm on for Patrick.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Greg.
Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning. I have a couple of questions related to the Hyatt acquisitions. I'm hoping that you could elaborate on the short-term and long-term opportunities with the three hotels and how long do you think it will take until you're at a stabilized level of operating performance?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. I think whenever we announced the acquisition last quarter, we talked about a stabilized yield somewhere in the mid-6s over the next two to three years. We saw a number of opportunities, and I don't think that's changed, Greg, by the way. If anything, we're very pleased with the performance out of the box of these three assets. We see opportunities at the Andaz Maui to develop a 19-acre parcel of land which we've allocated $15 million to for either for-sale housing or additional units that we can pulled into the hotel that wasn't underwritten when we made the acquisition. We see opportunities in Maui to collaborate with the Kea Lani Palace, which is four hotels up the beach from the Andaz and also collaborate and centralize services with our Hyatt Regency Kanapali which is also on the island. We also  just as a general statement, we will be rolling out time and motion studies at all three hotels as we go forward and looking at ways that we can enhance productivity and drive down cost. In San Francisco, very much the same story. The Grand Hyatt Union Square, we see an opportunity to add some guest rooms to re-concept the food and beverage offerings to save money and make those offerings more efficient. Again, opportunities to collaborate between (56:50) and the Grand Hyatt which were in the same market, and opportunities to collaborate and centralize some services between the Grand Hyatt Union Square and our Hyatt Regency Burlingame. And by the way, with respect to collaborations between the hotels that may be managed by different brands but owned by Host, we've successfully done this in San Diego, where we own the Manchester Grand Hyatt and it sits right next door to the San Diego Marriott Marquis. And with respect to the Hyatt Regency Coconut Point, there are a number of initiatives that we identified in our underwriting that we will be moving forward on such as the possibility, early underwriting stages of building a new spa with a built-in base of business given some of the demographic trends that are occurring in that submarket, and also looking at how that hotel is performing relative to our other properties on the Gulf Coast, which includes three, the Don CeSar, The Ritz-Carlton Beach Resort, The Ritz Carlton Golf Resort, as well as a couple of other properties on the East Coast, The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island and the Harbor Beach Marriott. So, we're really excited about the ability to create value with these assets. One of the reasons that we got so excited about acquiring them, they truly are iconic. They're in markets which expect to be the fastest-growing markets in the country going forward. And we're delighted to be able to work with Hyatt. We have a great partnership with them. We now own 10 Hyatt hotels and enjoy the relationship.
Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much. It sounds like there's a lot of tremendous opportunities there. Appreciate it.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure thing.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our question-and-answer session for the day. I'd like to turn the floor back to Jim Risoleo for any additional or closing remarks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, everyone, thanks for joining us on the call today. We look forward to discussing second quarter results and how the year is progressing on our next call. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Raffi Bhardwaj - UBS Securities LLC Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Emma. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly-comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at HostHotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide his remarks on our 2017 achievements, our fourth quarter results, the pending acquisition of the three Hyatt properties and conclude with our outlook for 2018. Michael Bluhm, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide commentary on the expanded disclosures, our fourth quarter performance including markets, margins, balance sheet and our guidance for 2018. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Gee, and thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. It's been a busy and exciting start to 2018, but I'd be remiss not to mention all that we achieved in 2017 as an organization. In addition to three spectacular hotels we are under contract to acquire and which I will speak about in a moment, we bought the iconic Don CeSar resort and the irreplaceable W Hollywood, while recycling capital out of low growth markets and high CapEx spend assets. We completed our Australian exit with the sale of the Hilton Melbourne and opportunistically sold the Key Bridge Marriott for a very low cap rate, even before considering the significant capital the asset required. We made great progress on addressing our New York strategy, culminating in the announcement of the W New York sale, which we intend to close sometime in the second quarter. We made tremendous progress on creating value in our portfolio, most notably at The Phoenician, where we filed a new PUD enabling us to sell land zoned for residential unit development, which should net us an incremental $50 million to $60 million in profit in 2019 and beyond. And on the operations side, we drove very strong margin outperformance, despite a low RevPAR environment and an economy running at full employment, partially a result of the new enterprise analytics platform we established early last year. Organizationally, we have a new senior team that is firing on all cylinders and better aligned under the streamlining of asset management and investments that we completed late last year. Last, but not least, we have listened to the investment community's call for greater transparency into our operations. You will note our enhanced supplemental and additional disclosure, which I will let Michael address in greater detail, but which helps illustrate the value of what we believe to be the best hotel portfolio in the public lodging space; all-in-all, a terrific year that we are looking to build upon. With that, let me give you some color on the quarter and full year 2017 results. As anticipated, operations bounced back nicely in the fourth quarter, generating the second strongest results of the year and beating internal and consensus expectations on the bottom line. Comparable RevPAR growth for the quarter on a constant dollar basis was 2.2%, driven by 140 basis points increase in occupancy and an increase in average rate of 30 basis points. The primary drivers of these results were strong transient performance, particularly on the leisure side, and better than expected group business in October. We always anticipated the Jewish holiday shift to positively impact October, but were pleased to see group revenues up nearly 5% in the month. As a result, our managers were able to push transient pricing to yield the second best RevPAR month of the year behind January, which benefited from the inauguration and Women's March. We were also pleased to see some pick up in the business transient customer during the quarter, as that segment grew nearly 5%. Although some of this was simply a result of the holiday shift and one quarter does not make a trend, it was an encouraging sign to see business travel up, and we will continue to monitor this customer closely as we move through 2018. As was the story during all of 2017, we did another fantastic job driving margins in the quarter through increased productivity and strict cost controls. Comparable EBITDA margins grew 10 basis points in the fourth quarter, resulting in adjustable EBITDAre of $375 million, an increase of 6.8% from the prior year. Let me remind you that this is on total revenue growth of only 50 basis points. For the full year, comparable RevPAR growth on a constant dollar basis increased 1.3% to approximately $180, the company's highest full year RevPAR in its history. Adjusted EBITDAre was $1.510 billion and adjusted FFO per share was a $1.69, both significantly exceeding consensus estimates; really a strong finish to a solid year. Moving to capital allocation and our initial outlook for 2018, I would like to spend some time discussing the strategic transactions we announced yesterday. As you have heard me say before, our strategy is to own the most geographically-diverse portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels in the U.S., utilizing our scale and investment grade balance sheet to grow externally through smart acquisitions and organically through operational improvement. With our pending acquisition of three fantastic Hyatt properties, we are executing on the external growth part of our strategy to begin the year. We are under contract to purchase a $1 billion portfolio consisting of: two resort properties, the 301-room Andaz Maui and 454-room Hyatt Regency Coconut Point; and one large City Center hotel, the 668-room Grand Hyatt San Francisco in the heart of the city. We anticipate the deal will close in the first quarter, although it is possible it may fall to early in the second quarter. These hotels are exactly the type of assets we have been targeting. Resort and large city center properties, segments where the supply outlook for the next several years is anemic. They're also in markets where we believe the near-term growth is significantly stronger than our broader portfolio and the country as a whole. We believe Maui and San Francisco will be two of the fastest growing markets in the country over the next few years. Maui is benefiting from improved air lift and continued strong leisure demand, while San Francisco will continue to improve from the combination of continued tech and business demand as well as the completed expansion of the Moscone Center. Additionally, we continue to be bullish on the West Coast of Florida, where Hyatt Regency Coconut Point is located, which should benefit in the near-term from displacement from the Caribbean and strong group and leisure demand. These three properties are nothing short of spectacular. In addition to supportive market fundamentals, we believe there are several initiatives we can implement to enhance value, once these properties are plugged into our enterprise analytics and asset management platform. These will include time and motion studies, food and beverage re-concepting and benchmarking with other Host assets in the respective markets. As many of you know, we currently own major Hyatt properties in both Maui and San Francisco, which will provide for collaboration and centralization opportunities. Further, we own iconic non-Hyatt-branded properties in all three markets, such as the Fairmont Kea Lani in Maui, the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco, and The Don CeSar and Ritz-Carlton Naples in West Florida. Using our data platforms to benchmark these existing properties against this Hyatt portfolio should prove to be beneficial, not unlike the success we have had in San Diego between our Marriott Marquis and Manchester Grand Hyatt. We also like the quality of this portfolio. These are modern hotels that have been invested heavily in by Hyatt, are in exceptional condition and require comparatively little CapEx in the near term. Further, with a combined 2018 RevPAR of nearly $290, we believe these assets will be able to live within the FF&E reserve much more comfortably than the assets we have been disposing of over the past 12 months, limiting our out-of-pocket investment throughout the life of the assets. Speaking of Hyatt, I can't overstate the importance of our relationship with them. We currently own eight Hyatt managed properties and two Hyatt franchised hotels. I am confident that our strong relationship, combined with our ability to move quickly to evaluate the deal, complete our due diligence pre-signing, provide a competitive bid and close quickly with a high degree of certainty, were all factors in their decision to award us this opportunity. We are excited to continue to build upon what is already a very strong relationship with Hyatt and value their expertise as a first-class operator. Looking closer at quality, these assets immediately will rank in our top 40 hotels ranked by RevPAR, with the Andaz Maui ranking in our top three. More importantly, the EBITDA per key generated from the portfolio is over 40% greater than the average of our portfolio. From a pricing standpoint, we are paying approximately $700,000 per room or approximately 17 times 2018 EBITDA and a 5% cap rate. As I stated earlier, we expect significant growth out of this portfolio over the near-term. Given the quality of these assets, the relatively low CapEx in the near-term required and the substantial growth outlook, we believe this is an excellent investment of our capital. On the disposition front, we also announced we are under contract to sell the W New York Lexington for $190 million. The buyer has a $13 million deposit at risk and the transaction is anticipated to close early in the second quarter. This sale is another example of Host executing on a strategic initiative, which was to reduce our exposure to New York. This hotel has been a particularly poor performer and requires substantial CapEx. Our ability to acquire the right to terminate the management agreement at this property was paramount in completing the sale. As anticipated, on January 9, we closed on the sale of the Key Bridge Marriott for $190 million. Again, this was a terrific opportunistic sale at a really attractive cap rate. We intend to like-kind exchange both properties with the Hyatt portfolio acquisition, which also ensures we retain the ability to reinvest the substantial gain that would be generated. The cap rate on the nearly $900 million in assets we have sold since January of 2017, including the W New York, is just north of 5%. Both sales included hotels in lower growth markets with higher CapEx requirements and an average RevPAR of approximately $140. Needless to say, we are pleased with our ability to recycle capital out of lower quality assets and into a high quality portfolio of scale with a strong growth profile. Shifting to our outlook for 2018, we continue to remain cautiously optimistic, with the midpoint of our comparable RevPAR growth guidance improving 20 basis points from 2017 to 1.5% on a range of 50 basis points to 2.5%. This slight acceleration is based on what we are seeing in the macroeconomic environment, as the global economy continues to exhibit strength and appears supportive to industry growth. What we discussed for nearly all of 2017, namely improving corporate profits, business investment, consumer sentiment amidst a low unemployment backdrop, all remain in place for 2018 and bode well for demand. The offset to the demand side of the equation is that overall supply and supply in our markets continues to tick higher, although not much greater than the long-term historical average. Looking out further, we expect to see supply moderating in 2019. We also gained some confidence, as January results came in nearly 300 basis points higher than our property forecasts, which were completed in November. That, combined with some life in the business transient customer in the fourth quarter of 2017, certainly gives us some hope for 2018, although it is too early to call breakout just yet. And while we are also hopeful tax reform will prompt corporations to increase their travel spend this year, we have not included the benefit of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in our outlook. As I said, we are cautiously optimistic, but realize it is only February and we have a long way to go in 2018. Group revenue pace sits about where it was the same time last year, up 2%, with approximately 80% of our group on the books. We feel group is solid and where we anticipated it to be. Our properties are running at record level occupancies and we continue to see the group booking window extend. As far as the cadence of performance in 2018, we anticipate the second half of the year being stronger than the first half. The first quarter will be our weakest, as a result of tough comps due to last year's inauguration and Women's March in D.C. and Easter weekend starting on March 30 this year. On the bottom line, our team continues to do a great job driving margin performance. And this is reflected in our 2018 comparable EBITDA margin guidance of negative 60 basis points at the low end and plus 20 basis points at the high end. Although we did a spectacular job on margins in 2017, that will be difficult to replicate in an operating environment with this level of employment. Having said that, we still have levers to pull internally through our enterprise analytics team, in addition to continued benefits we anticipate from the Marriott, Starwood integration. We would hope for breakeven margin performance around RevPAR growth of approximately 2%. Our 2018 guidance does not assume any acquisitions or dispositions, other than those I have discussed this morning, although we are continuing to work on several transactions that would fit our strategy. I would also point out that per our stated strategy of ultimately focusing solely on the U.S., we are exploring the sale of our international assets, including our interests in our European joint venture. While there is nothing to report at this time, it is an area we will be investigating throughout the course of the year. On the CapEx side, we anticipate spending between $475 million to $550 million this year, which is much closer to our historical average. Part of the increase from our 2017 spend of $277 million is a result of projects being pushed from late 2017 into 2018. In addition, we are undertaking a transformative repositioning at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis in the second half of the year, which is responsible for the majority of the $114 million we announced in our press release. This will be a complete reimagining of the hotel that we decided to bring forward from its previously-scheduled renovation date in 2020 in order to complete work ahead of what we expect will be a very strong market in 2019 and beyond. Any disruption related to the higher level of capital spend has been captured in the guidance we have provided today. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael who will discuss our operating performance and guidance as well as the recent changes we have made to our disclosure in much greater detail.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. Before we begin, I just wanted to say what a privilege it is to have joined Host and this team. We have some of the most talented and dedicated individuals in the space, and I'd particularly like to say thank you to those who helped me prepare for my first earnings call as Chief Financial Officer. With that, and before we review quarterly and full year performance, you'll notice that we have made some material changes to our disclosure, particularly as it relates to our financial supplement. Some of these changes were made simply to make it easier for you to find the information we had previously provided by putting it into one simple document. However, others were a significant step to providing more information and greater transparency into our operations in order to help the investment community better recognize and value the quality of this irreplaceable portfolio of world class hotels. To that end, we've incorporated new and expanded disclosure, including key performance metrics for our top 40 consolidated hotels, ranked by RevPAR, including: RevPAR; total RevPAR; and full year EBITDA for 2017. This top 40 represents over 60% of the company's total EBITDA, has a 2017 RevPAR of approximately $230, total RevPAR of nearly $350 and an EBITDA per key of $35,000, exemplifying a portfolio of hotels that we believe is the highest quality amongst our peers. We've also expanded the comparable hotels by locations, which you've seen previously, from 16 locations to 23 in our press release and financial supplement. This change was made to give you better insight into our submarkets, particularly as it relates to Florida, Manhattan, and CityCenterDC. We've included the same property detail for these markets as is provided for our top 40 assets. Finally, we have provided more detail about our financial obligations, including additional credit metrics and a summary of our ground leases. You can easily download this information from our website, by scrolling down to the black box at the bottom of every page of our website at HostHotels.com. Now, let me begin with a discussion of Host's financial performance by providing a discussion of the factors that led to our adjusted EBITDA outperformance as compared to the midpoint of our third quarter guidance. While comparable operations were approximately $3 million better than anticipated, there were three areas that provided the remaining outperformance. First, effective December 31, 2017, we adopted the new NAREIT guideline on EBITDAre and now have included the full EBITDA related to our consolidated partnerships, which increased our full year adjusted EBITDA by $10 million. And for the quarter, that would be $3 million. Second, certain one-time sources of income related to business interruption proceeds and gain on sale of the Chicago land benefited the full year adjusted EBITDAre by another $10 million. And third, the remaining increase of $11 million resulted mostly from a decrease in corporate expenses and accruals and favorable foreign exchange rates, offset by a slight decline in non-comparable operations. I will now expand on our quarterly and full year performance. As Jim mentioned, we were pleased with our fourth quarter results, driven by our strong leisure transient demand and better than expected group performance in October. Our leisure revenues increased 7% in the quarter and group revenues in October improved 5%, outperforming our expectations. For the full year, the performance was primarily driven by a 5% increase in leisure demand and a 16% increase in contract demand, as our managers strategically took on high-rated contract business in specific markets with new supply or softening demand concerns, such as San Francisco, New York, Orange County and Boston. For reference, the ADR in our contract business was over $200 in 2017. Our best performing domestic markets this quarter were Philadelphia, Jacksonville, San Antonio, Orlando, and New Orleans. RevPAR increases ranged from 7% to almost 16% from these markets. Generally, these markets benefited from strong group business from additional citywides in the quarter. The strength in group business led to double-digit food and beverage revenues growth ranging from 11% to 39% in these markets, except for San Antonio. In addition, the hotels in these markets, with the exception of Orlando, exceeded comparable STR upper-upscale market results by 150 to 550 basis points. Our more challenged markets were Miami, San Diego, Chicago, Washington D.C. and New York. RevPAR ranged from 0.1% to a decline of around 17% in Miami, where our Biscayne Bay Marriott suffered hurricane damage and approximately 230 rooms were out of service for the fourth quarter. All rooms were placed back in service by mid-January. You will recall that we kept this hotel in our comp set, despite the hurricane damage. Hotels in San Diego, Chicago and Washington D.C. were impacted by the large citywides in the quarter, resulting in a lack of compression to drive transient average rates and requiring the hotel to provide more discounts in rates to drive occupancy. It is also worth mentioning that in Washington D.C., the meeting space was under renovation at the Grand Hyatt, and the parking garage restoration at the Hyatt Capitol Hill further impacted group business in the fourth quarter. New York continues to be impacted from new supply and group weakness in the Times Square market as well as weaker international demand, overall contributing to underperformance as compared to our portfolio as a whole. Looking ahead to 2018, we expect Maui/Oahu, Phoenix, Los Angeles, San Francisco and San Diego to outperform our portfolio. Conversely, we anticipate Houston, Seattle, Atlanta, Washington D.C. and New York to underperform the portfolio. Moving to our profitability, we remain impressed by the exceptional job of our property managers and asset managers in bringing more profit to the bottom line. Comp total revenues increased 2% for the quarter. A 10 basis point increase in comparable hotel EBITDA margin is quite impressive. Our full year comparable hotel EBITDA margin improvement of 10 basis points is even more extraordinary, as full year total comparable revenues increased 0.7%. These are remarkable results in an environment with a 12 year low unemployment and rising labor costs. While these results will be difficult to replicate, we will continue to have a keen focus on various productivity and operational efficiency initiatives in 2018. We will continue to execute on productivity improvements through our time and motion studies at our medium and small hotels. Furthermore, we expect to garner cost savings from the Marriott, Starwood merger through lower OTA commissions, better procurement costs, technology integration synergies, lower workers' compensation expense, reduction in charge-out rates from the consolidation of the rewards program and reduced processing fees from the renegotiation of the credit card program, among others. Furthermore, we are encouraged by the strengthening macroeconomic conditions and the passing of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that could drive additional demand from the higher-rated business transient customers. Combine this with the all-time high occupancy levels, a potential positive mix shift to the business transient customer could lead to a rate-driven increase in RevPAR, which would bode well for profitability. Having said that, the guidance we have provided today does not contemplate this. Let me discuss dividends for a moment. In January, we paid a regular fourth quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share and a special cash dividend of $0.05 per share, bringing our total dividend for 2017 to $0.85, which represents a yield of approximately 4.4% on the current stock price. In addition, this represents the payout ratio of approximately 50% on our 2017 adjusted FFO per share. We have announced a first quarter 2018 dividend of $0.20 per share and continue our policy of paying on our taxable income. Let's talk about the balance sheet for a moment. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility. I believe we have one of the strongest balance sheets among our peers. We ended the year with about $4 billion of debt with a weighted average interest rate of 4%, a weighted average maturity of five years and no debt maturities until 2020. Approximately 30% of our debt is floating and none of our consolidated hotels are encumbered by mortgage debt. We ended the year with approximately $913 million of cash and $822 million of available capacity remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Today, our leverage ratio is 2.2 times, as calculated under the terms of our credit facility and after taking into effect the proceeds from the sale the Key Bridge Marriott, which we received in early January. We expect to close the Hyatt transaction in late first quarter, early second quarter, as Jim mentioned, which will be funded with cash and a draw on the credit facility revolver. Upon completion of the sale on the W New York hotel in the second quarter, we expect to use the proceeds to pay down a portion of the draw on the credit facility. After taking these transactions into consideration, we expect our leverage ratio to be at the low end of our stated target range of 2.5 times to 3.0 times. Let me take a few minutes to discuss some assumptions included in our 2018 guidance. In addition to the operating metrics provided in our press release and discussed by Jim, included in our guidance are three transactions: one, the acquisitions of the Hyatt portfolio for $1 billion by the end of the first quarter; number two, the sale of the Key Bridge Marriott for $190 million in January; and three, the sale of the W New York hotel for $190 million in the second quarter. No other acquisitions or dispositions have been included in our guidance. These transactions, along with the 2017 disposition and acquisition activity, led to a forecast net acquisition EBITDA increase of approximately $16 million in 2018. We expect this will be offset by an increase in our G&A and incremental disruption from the increased capital expenditures Jim referenced. The G&A increase, a one-time charge of $7 million relates to technology cost associated with the update and move over enterprise analytics platform and systems to the cloud. Furthermore, certain one-time sources of income related to business interruption proceeds and gain on the sale of Chicago land, which benefited 2017 adjusted EBITDA by $10 million, will not repeat in 2018. The combination of all these factors decreases our forecast 2018 adjusted EBITDA from 2017 by $10 million. Lastly, keep in mind that we generally earn 23% to 24% of our total EBITDA in the first quarter. To conclude, we are pleased with our strong operating results and completion of a large acquisition that is consistent with our strategic initiatives and financial discipline. Furthermore, we are delighted to introduce a more fulsome package of disclosure through our enhanced financial supplement. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To make sure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our first question today from Andy (sic) [Anthony]. Powell from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Anthony.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you for that correction on the name and congrats on the acquisitions. You mentioned that you're acquiring the assets at a 5% cap rate on 2018 EBITDA, but there's also some good near-term growth prospects in some of those markets. Could you talk about what you think the stabilized cap rate could be on the transactions after a couple years?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. We're looking at somewhere in the mid-6s. We're really bullish on these markets and these assets and, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, our ability to really get into the properties and bring our enterprise analytics platform to the table and our asset management expertise to just take a fresh look at how the hotels are being run. I'll give you a little more color on this, Anthony, but let me back up and just make one thing really crystal clear. These assets are great hotels. And we can talk about the metrics of each individual property in the markets that we're in. But as we sat back and said, okay, we sold $900 million of assets over the course of 2017 at a relatively low cap rate, $140 RevPAR in the aggregate, with high CapEx needs in slow growth markets. And when the opportunity to acquire these three hotels presented itself in the markets that they're in and our familiarity with the markets, we said, wow, this is a really terrific opportunity to effectively recycle capital. And we had the cash on the balance sheet. We have a great relationship with Hyatt. We feel that we could add value to this portfolio on many different levers. One thing that we didn't talk about with respect to the assets that I think is actually quite critical is based on our allocation of value, the cost per key for each hotel. So the Andaz Maui at a cost per key just slightly under $1.3 million, we think is really attractive. I don't know if you know the hotel, Anthony. I would encourage you to take a trip to Maui and go see it. I don't think I have to provide too much encouragement there. But it is a fantastic property and it sits next to the Marriott Wailea, then the Four Seasons, then the Grand Wailea and then our Kea Lani Palace. So one of the things that really gave us an advantage across the entire portfolio is our experience in each of these markets and the fact that we had iconic Hyatt hotels in both markets and have the ability to collaborate and centralize services, in this instance between the Hyatt Ka'anapali, and the Andaz in San Francisco between the Hyatt Burlingame and the Grand Hyatt Union Square. So we are just really excited and delighted to have the opportunity to acquire these assets. They are truly one of a kind, iconic properties in very fast growing markets and markets that we're very familiar with, and they underwrite. That's the other part of the story. I could talk about capital recycling, but as a first step in any acquisition we adhere to our discipline that you've heard me talk about many times over the course of 2017. The first step is to develop a 10-year pro forma taking into account all the CapEx needs that we believe are appropriate in a 10-year plan, and then making realistic assumptions about the near-term performance of these assets, looking at revenue generators and expense savings and building out a pro forma that also is reflective of the cyclicality of the industry that we're in, looking at a reasonable exit cap rate on the back-end and discounting those unlevered cash flows back to target a return over our cost of capital of 100 basis points to 150 basis points. So that's the first screen that we look at on any deal and we looked at it on this deal and it passed muster. I can't say it enough times. We're really delighted. We have a great relationship with Hyatt. They are great to collaborate with and we've always worked with Hyatt in partnership.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move to our next question today from Smedes Rose from Citi. Please go ahead.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask you, you mentioned in your guidance, you're including some disruption associated with the Marriott Marquis in San Francisco. Could you quantify that a little bit and kind of maybe talk about the timing of the improvements there in relationship to the Moscone Center coming back online next year?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, Smedes.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had contemplated renovating Moscone, not renovating, but reinventing and transforming a great asset in a great market in 2020. And then of course we all know what's happening in San Francisco next year. I think the last I looked, there was about 1.6 million group room nights on the books being generated by Moscone. And we balanced and did the analysis of should we renovate this year or should we wait into 2020. We think 2020 is going to be another terrific year in San Francisco. So we made a decision to pull the renovation forward and to put us in a position so that we can participate in the growth in San Francisco with a really truly reinvented hotel, which we believe will allow us to significantly increase our yield index in the property and drive more cash flow to the bottom line. The incremental disruption this year as a result of doing that, which is already included in our guidance, is about $5 million.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We will now go to our next question from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. One of the key changes to your release was the increased disclosures around the top 40 hotels. Can you just talk about that a little bit more and if any hotels you just want to highlight, that'd be helpful? Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I just think, Thomas, as we talk again, listening to the sell-side and the buy-side, your thirst for greater transparency, greater disclosure, giving you the opportunity to better understand the company and the assets that we have and how they perform, we listened, we heard, we provided. And really, at this point in time, it's nothing more than that. I think that the top 40 provide a really good picture of the quality of this company, the quality of the EBITDA, the valuation of those assets. Take the Kea Lani Palace, which is on Maui, which is the top asset in our portfolio; we didn't provide EBITDA per key, but you can certainly do the math. And if you do the math, you'll see that the Kea Lani Palace is generating $90,000 per key of EBITDA. So, I just don't know how many folks really had a good handle on the performance of these top 40 hotels and we thought it was important to highlight them. Additionally, as Michael mentioned, we also provided seven additional markets to give you a bit more granular look into Florida, as an example, where we have properties on the West Coast. We have properties in Orlando. We have properties on the East Coast. So the various submarkets in Florida, now you're going to be able to have a better gauge on what's coming out of each of those markets and how they're performing. And I think we truly are being very transparent here. I mean, we put a list in of our ground leases, our capital structure, debt statistics, so it's all in one place. You can go find it. You can download the information. And we're happy to answer questions.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. I'm sure we'll have a lot. Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I know you will.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to our next question now from Harry Curtis from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Good morning. A quick question on the $1 billion of investment, is there a much incremental ROIC CapEx that you expect in this portfolio? And related to that, if the answer is no, as you look ahead, do you think that you'll be seeking incremental acquisitions that really don't require the kind of CapEx that, say, The Phoenician has?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. Harry, it's a two part question. So let me answer the first part of your question and then we can talk about the second part. Obviously, as we underwrote this deal and evaluated the transaction, we identified certain ROI opportunities. As an example, at the Andaz Maui, part of the consideration includes an entitled parcel of land at the property to add 19 villa units. Now, we bought the land. It's a dead asset. We're paying real estate taxes on the land. We haven't underwritten the value that we would derive from developing those 19 units. And I think we've got a pretty good track record here, given what we've accomplished at The Phoenician. So we're excited about that one. There are other opportunities at the Andaz. As an example just putting a luau in place, those are real moneymakers. We have that experience up at the Hyatt Ka'anapali. At the Grand San Francisco, we will look at the opportunity to add eight keys to that property. We're looking at the re-concepting of the restaurant and room service. So, yeah, there are opportunities around all these hotels. Those are things that we didn't underwrite in the context of the acquisition. With respect to other assets that are out there that we're evaluating, we're not far enough long at this point on any additional acquisition for me to give you color around capital needs, capital spend, but the one thing I can assure you is that that's all taken into consideration in our underwriting.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Very good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now go to our next question from Shaun Kelly from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning, everyone. Jim or Michael, I think one of your peers yesterday discussed a little bit about possible sale disruptions at some of the Marriott hotels. Is that something you could comment on, just given that you guys have a lot of exposure there and you're probably the best to kind of give us your insights?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Shaun, are you talking about the integration of the Starwood Hotels into the Marriott platform. Is that....
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: ...exactly, that was the context.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we've been working closely with Marriott since the day they announced that they were acquiring Starwood. And there is always a little bit of uncertainty early in the process as the two programs are migrated together. We are very comfortable with the direction that this is taking. And not only are we comfortable with it, we're excited about it. Because when the Starwood legacy hotels that we own are merged into the Marriott sales system, we expect to see increases in revenue, increases in yield index going forward. So we've been on it from day one and it's not a concern to us.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So nothing specific on the sales organizations or anything that's changed in the last couple of months as it relates to trying to combine, whether it group sales efforts or anything else?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: They're putting new leadership in place. I mean, this is actually a question probably better asked to Marriott, but I can tell you that they're putting new leadership in place. They are putting the organization in place. They are putting the final bells and whistles on it and about ready to tie a bow here.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Easy enough. Thank you very much.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to our next question from Rich Hightower from Evercore.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Hey, morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Rich.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: I just want to go back to some of the prepared comments around business transient commentary and I think we've been hearing a pretty consistent message for some time now that even though there's broad-based optimism on the part of corporate entities and CEOs, we're not seeing that show up necessarily in the demand patterns. And I'm curious as to why you think that might be happening. Is it just a function of kind of a choppy calendar for the first part of the year? Is there something else underlying that? I mean, what's Host's broader perspective on why we're not seeing that yet?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Rich, I think that the statistic that we follow with respect to the business traveler and group business is really business investment. And business investment for 2016 was negative 50 basis points. For 2017, it was 4.6%. For 2018, as of February, the forecast is 5.6%, so it's trending in the right direction. And I think that over the course of 2017, in particular, there was a lot of uncertainty out there regarding whether or not we were going to have a tax bill. There was uncertainty just generally given what was happening in Washington, D.C. I think that now that the tax bill's in place, corporations are still digesting what the bill means to them. But I can tell you that the commentary that we have is people are feeling much better about the economy. They're feeling better about spending money and investing. And when they feel better about investing, that means that they're going to travel, and they're going to come back to our hotels. So in past cycles, we have seen business travel, business transient accelerate when the business investment forecast gets up about 8%. So we're moving in the right direction, and that's why we're cautiously optimistic.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: One quick follow-up there, do you think that timing-wise, I mean, maybe after the Easter comp gets out of the way, that we would start to see some of the fruits of what you're talking about really show up in the numbers or we just don't have an idea yet?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I wish I could tell you yes. If I thought that, Rich, I wouldn't be holding back on you. I'd put it in our guidance. It's just too soon to tell. I think we saw a January that was stronger than we anticipated, based on budgets that were completed in November. We had a 300 basis point swing in January, from minus 1% to plus 2%. And that gives you a high degree of comfort, but I think it's too early to bake an acceleration of RevPAR as a result of the return of the business traveler into our numbers this year. One month doesn't make a trend.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Got it. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now go to our next question from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, guys, and welcome aboard, Michael.
Michael D. Bluhm - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: If I can squeak in maybe a two-parter, just first one was just what details can you share about the key terms of the management agreement with Hyatt for the three-pack that you guys purchased, just curious what you can talk about there? And then, maybe as a second question, I think there's long been a perception that Host has a segment of its portfolio in hotels that may be submarket dominant, but ultimately have lower growth prospects or have capital needs down the road, for example, airport or suburban hotels. Do you see this as a good moment to look at monetizing those sorts of assets or do you feel that they may be providing some earnings stability for the company?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Jeff, I'll answer your second question first. We have no systematic disposition plan in place for this year. I think that over the course of 2017, you saw us opportunistically sell hotels for a variety of reasons. And this year, of course, we've announced that we're going to sell the W Lex. So we're constantly looking at opportunities to dispose of assets that are in slower growth markets with higher CapEx needs and lower RevPAR assets. Are we sitting here today saying that we're going to package up $2 billion or $3 billion? We're not saying that. And the reason we're not saying it is because we really like what we own today. And we continue to invest in our assets. There's obviously a differential between capital allocation to an asset like The Fairmont Kea Lani or the Hyatt Ka'anapali or the San Francisco Marriott Moscone (sic) [Marquis] relative to a suburban hotel. But there is nothing on the table right now to suggest that we're going to just blow out a bunch of those properties. With respect to the management contract, I would tell you it's a market contract. The terms are proprietary. And really, it's a long-term contract, but beyond that, I really am not in a position to comment on it.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now go to our next question from Gregory Miller from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Greg.
Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning. I'm on the line for Patrick Scholes. Could you elaborate on your views of potentially disposing some of your international assets, particularly in an environment of recent RevPAR strength in some of the regions? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, as we discussed, we sold our assets in New Zealand. We sold the Hilton Melbourne last year, which took us out of both Australia and New Zealand. And there had been another Four Points that we owned in Perth, Australia that we sold a couple of years ago, several years ago. We have three hotels in Brazil, one in Mexico and two in Canada, as well as our interest in our European JV. So from our perspective again, it's we start with the fundamentals. And the fundamental is what do we think asset's worth to us versus what is the market prepared to pay us for it. And that's the screen that we do on every asset, whether it's international or in the U.S. So, of course, if we are looking at the potential exit of an investment in a market where RevPAR is accelerating, we'll take that into consideration when we determine what we think the whole value is of that hotel.
Gregory J. Miller - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now move to our next question from Robin Farley from UBS.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, guys, this is actually Raffi on for Robin. Just had two quick questions, first on group, what was the group pace in the quarter for 2018 and 2019?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I'm sorry, the current group pace for 2018? We have...
Raffi Bhardwaj - UBS Securities LLC: In the quarter, yeah. Yeah, for 2018 and 2019.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think that group pace has been around 2% in the quarter for 2018. 2019, I don't have that number in front of me. We're really focused on 2018 right now, but it's probably around the same, I would think, at this point.
Raffi Bhardwaj - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, the last one is since kind of this overhang of the uncertainty over tax reform has kind of cleared up, what have you kind of seen in the change of behavior from buyers and sellers out there in the transaction market?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, frankly, over the course of 2017, we underwrote a number of transactions that would fit the profile of asset that we would like to own. We obviously weren't able to come to terms with a transaction that underwrote to our requirements. This year, we're hearing that there may be a few more assets of this ilk coming to market. Nothing's in the market right now. I talked recently with an investor who owns some high-end hotels, of course, to gauge this individual's interest as to whether or not they might want to consider talking to us about selling them, and the response was given the interest rate environment that we're in, we just put 15-year financing on the properties and we're really not interested in disposing. So I think that you'll see owners of hotels become sellers of hotels if they have unique reasons to do so. And one of the unique reasons that Hyatt had was that they're going to asset-light. And they announced on their call last quarter, that they intended to sell $1.5 billion of hotels. So there has to be, I think, a particular reason why someone today would decide that it's time to sell when financing markets are still relatively attractive.
Raffi Bhardwaj - UBS Securities LLC: All right. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now go to our next question from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys, and appreciate the expanded disclosures. Wanted to ask you the Starwood, Marriott question, but from a different angle, which is, we've heard that they are continuing to kind of cull the portfolio and I know that's a lot of Sheratons and maybe few other things. To the extent that you guys maybe have a little bit of visibility into that, what do you think the net impact on you competitively is in terms of where some of those assets end up versus the markets that they might be in where you have overlap?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: When you say cull, Chris, are you talking about Marriott's disposing of the real estate that they acquired in the purchase?
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No, more kind of on the Sheraton side.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Oh, I got it. Yeah. I got it. In terms of pushing Sheratons that have not been properly renovated out of the system.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, correct.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Today, we are down to four Sheraton hotels in the U.S. We own: the Sheraton in Boston, on the Back Bay; the Sheraton, New York; the Sheraton in San Diego; and the Sheraton in Parsippany. So from our perspective, I don't think that the culling process in and of itself is going to impact us negatively. Of course, it's going to be much better for us once the Sheraton brand standards are reinvented and pushed out to the system. And I think Marriott is really making great progress on that front. It's going to take them some time to make this happen. But I think they're very dedicated to fixing Sheraton. Starwood had tried a number of times and really couldn't seem to get to the finish line. So we're supportive of it. And anything we can do to improve the performance of our asset and the guest perception of our asset, I think is a plus.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, very good. Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Jim Risoleo, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We are very pleased with our 2017 results and excited about the strategic transactions we have announced. We look forward to discussing first quarter results and how the year is progressing on our next call. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Julia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts third quarter 2017 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation, to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earning's press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our third quarter results, and provide our outlook for 2017. Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our third quarter performance by markets, discuss margins, and the balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Gee, and thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. Before I begin, I just want to send our thoughts and prayers to those recovering from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, and the wild fires in Northern California. While we at Host were fortunate to experience relatively minimal damage from the storms and no damage from the fires, it certainly impacted many in our country and we wish them the best as they continue to rebuild their communities. I also want to recognize the great work of the associates at all of our hotels affected, as well as the work of our corporate team members who were on the ground assisting and getting the properties up and running quickly. In the third quarter, comparable hotel RevPAR declined 1.8%, matching our internal expectations despite the unexpected impact of the hurricanes and Brazil underperforming our very low expectations. As we discussed on our second quarter call, the Jewish holiday shift from October into September negatively impacted the quarter, while Brazil and the storms further decreased comparable hotel RevPAR by 110 basis points and an estimated 45 basis points respectively. I would also note that prior to the storms, we were actually ahead of our forecast through July and August. As we discussed performance for the third quarter and the remainder of the year, it is important to realize that we have kept our hotels in Houston and Florida as comp despite the damage and closures we experienced. The good news and the major takeaway from this quarter is that we did an excellent job managing expenses, which allowed us to perform much better on the margin front than we otherwise would have in a challenging revenue environment. For the quarter, comparable expenses were down approximately $13 million, or over 1.5%, which is remarkable, considering many of our markets are near full employment. We continue to reap benefits on the margin front from the scale and information of our enterprise analytics platform, combined with our diligent asset management team. Further, we are beginning to see early signs of margin improvement from the Marriott-Starwood integration, although we don't expect most of those benefits to take hold until late 2018 and into 2019. Adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter was $317 million, exceeding our internal forecasts and consensus estimates. Third quarter FFO per diluted share was in line with consensus estimates at $0.33 per share. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDA is $1.128 billion and FFO per diluted share is $1.27. As we have maintained all year, we believe the fourth quarter should rebound. As the holiday shift positively impacts October, Brazil and the 2016 Olympics are in the rearview mirror, and the impact of natural disasters abates. This is reflected in our revised guidance of full-year comparable hotel RevPAR growth of 1.15% to 1.35%. Please note that the full year impact of Hurricane Harvey and Irma on RevPAR is 15 basis points, which accounts entirely for the revision of the midpoint of our guidance to 1.25% from 1.375% last quarter. I would also point out that continued strong margin results allowed us to increase our full year comparable hotel EBITDA margin guidance by 5 basis points at the midpoint to flat to up 10 basis points. This implies that we can now achieve breakeven margins for this year at 1.15% RevPAR growth, an improvement versus our prior guidance of breakeven margins at 1.375% RevPAR growth. Part of our confidence on top line performance stems from the fact that the macroeconomic environment and the global economy continue to exhibit strength and appear supportive to industry growth. The key statistics we follow closely, corporate profits and business investment remain significantly above 2016 levels and have historically been strong-leading indicators of future RevPAR growth. In addition, employment remains strong, consumer sentiment is high, industrial production is rebounding, and the stock markets continue to reach all-time highs. An offset to the demand side of the equation is that overall supply and supply in our markets is projected to continue to tick higher, although not much greater than the long-term historical average. Although we have not yet experienced the impact of these positive factors on our corporate business, the third quarter was quite noisy for the reasons I've previously described, and we continue to be cautiously optimistic that the stage is set for economic expansion. To be clear, we have not underwritten the benefit of a tax reform policy passing this year or next, but recognize that could be very positive for the U.S. economy and our business. On the bottom line and as we noted last quarter, we continue to see the benefit of various initiatives focused on productivity and operational efficiency, including time and motion studies conducted by third-party consultants, expansion of brand Green Choice programs, and outsourcing or restructuring of less profitable F&B operations including in-room dining. The success of these initiatives provides a positive backdrop for our margin outlook and bodes well for continued relative outperformance. Given the challenging revenue environment in the quarter, I cannot emphasize enough the incredible job our team did limiting the comparable EBITDA margin decline to 75 basis points. In fact, year-to-date, comparable EBITDA margins remain up 10 basis points. The decline in RevPAR was primarily driven by our group segment, as third quarter group demand was down nearly 7%. As expected, September was impacted by the Jewish holiday shift from October last year to September this year with group demand down over 10% in the month. Looking forward, we have over 98% of our group business on the books for 2017, and as we discussed on our last call, continue to see the booking window extend. We saw evidence of this in the quarter as group revenue booked in the quarter for 2019 and beyond was up. Another positive was that group bookings in the quarter for the quarter were up nearly 5.8% compared to last year. As we look into 2018, group revenues on the books are positive, and in fact, up the same amount as when we were sitting here in 2016 looking into 2017. At this point, we feel our 2018 group business is solid. The decline in group demand in the quarter was offset by increased transient demand, which increased 1.3% and in contract business where demand increased almost 22%. As we have noted before, we have been strategically taking contract business in higher rated markets, such as San Francisco where we anticipated group demand gaps. On the rate side, transient increases are reliant on group demand to allow managers to drive rate. The challenges in our group business this quarter made it more difficult to benefit on the rate side. And as a result, transient average rate declined 2.3%. Overall, transient revenue decreased 1%. However, we continue to be impressed with our transient business demand, particularly leisure which remains strong and continues to be driven by high consumer sentiment, low oil prices and strong employment. Moving to capital allocation, we continue to selectively prune what we believe to be the most geographically diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels in the sector. We sold one non-core asset during the quarter, the Sheraton Indianapolis Hotel at Keystone Crossing, for $66 million. This was the previously unidentified asset we disclosed on our last call. You will recall that we also closed on the sale of the Hilton Melbourne South Wharf for $184 million in the third quarter, which ended our investment activity in Australia and New Zealand. On a smaller scale, we also sold the land at the Chicago O'Hare Marriott (sic) [Chicago Marriott O'Hare] for approximately $10 million. By carving out this excess land when we sold the property in 2015 and going through the rezoning process ourselves, we were actually able to increase the purchase price of the hotel while harvesting value from a previously unutilized space. On the same topic but on a much larger scale, we are very excited about the pending sale of the Key Bridge Marriott in Arlington, Virginia. We worked very long and hard to acquire the fee simple interest in this property, which is ideally located on the Potomac River overlooking Georgetown in Washington, D.C. The buyer has the property under contract for $190 million including the FF&E reserve at a sub-5% cap rate and with $12 million at risk. The hotel is the oldest in the Marriott system and is in need of significant capital investment. However, the (12: 49) that has potential for residential, office and retail redevelopment. This is a great example of how we are mining the portfolio to opportunistically create and drive real estate value for stockholders. We anticipate that the deal will close by either late 2017 or by the end of the first quarter 2018. Another value-creation initiative we want to provide an update on is at The Phoenician. Recently, we received approval on our planned unit development which provides for the rezoning of the entire resort property. Under our master plan, we intend to sell about 60 acres of land as residential housing. There will be a mix of approximately 338 new single-family homes, townhomes and condominiums and 20 additional resort casinos. We now have begun marketing to interested residential developers and estimate incremental net profits from land sales of approximately $50 million to $65 million. We anticipate receiving those proceeds by mid-2019. I would also note that when we underwrote and purchased the property in 2015, we ascribed no value to residential land development. This is all incremental to our original underwriting, increasing our total 10-year unleveraged return by approximately 100 basis points. Further, we believe that there will be long-term revenue benefits at the resort as future new residents take advantage of our fantastic and transformed facilities, another clear example of entrepreneurial real estate value creation at Host. Our 2017 guidance does not contemplate any additional acquisitions from what we have already disclosed this year. We have begun to see several assets that would fit our target profile come to market this fall. However, we remain disciplined in allocating capital to new investments and continue to deploy our rigorous underwriting requirements, particularly focused on the fact that we could be in the later stages of the cycle. Our industry-leading balance sheet has never been in better shape with leverage at 2.3 times, as determined under our credit facility. As of quarter-end, we had nearly $790 million of cash and over $800 million of capacity under our credit facility. Depending on the economic conditions and opportunities that present themselves, this investment capacity provides us the ability to effectively allocate capital and drive stockholder value in a number of ways. We can seek to increase earnings through disciplined external growth, judicious capital investment in our portfolio, opportune repurchases of stock under our existing $500 million buyback authorization or returning capital to stockholders through payment of a special dividend. We believe this flexibility to pursue a variety of outcomes sets Host apart from our peers. Looking at CapEx for the full year, we expect to spend $270 million to $300 million on renewal and replacement capital expenditures, which includes an additional expected spend of $55 million related to replacements for hurricane damage and $90 million to $100 million on redevelopment and ROI projects. Before I turn things over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, I would just like to take a moment to thank him for his leadership and contributions to Host over almost three decades with the company. Greg has enjoyed a long and successful career here, serving in a variety of roles and departments. He had served as an Executive Vice President for the past 10 years and as Chief Financial Officer since 2013. He has had a significant impact in setting and executing numerous strategic initiatives, including Host's achievement of an investment-grade balance sheet. On a personal note, I am deeply grateful to the work he has done this year to help me acclimate into my new role as CEO. He has been a trusted adviser, helping me navigate through my first set of earnings calls, in addition to actively assisting in the day-to-day management of the company. We will certainly miss him and his sense of humor, but take comfort that he has offered to remain as an adviser through July of next year. I also wanted to recognize Michael Bluhm, who will be joining me on our call in February as he is appointed CFO later this month. I am confident that Michael is a great fit for Host and that under his financial and strategic leadership, we will build on our success. Michael most recently served as a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley and he has deep knowledge of our industry. I look forward to benefiting from his perspective on how we can continue capitalizing on our financial strength to drive innovation and agility in an increasingly complex business climate. Finally, I am also pleased that Nate Tyrrell has been promoted to the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer. In this role, Nate continues to be responsible for overseeing investments and is also overseeing asset management. Nate's promotion gave us the opportunity to achieve our stated objective, to combine the asset management and investment functions and create value through a more integrated approach to hotel ownership. With the new senior leadership team in place, we are poised to continue executing on our strategy of owning the most geographically diversified portfolio of iconic assets. This strategy continues to drive positive results, as evidenced by our relative operational outperformance to-date. We are better aligned to utilize our portfolio scale and access to information to identify and generate opportunities both internally and externally that we expect to produce strong returns for our investors. Finally, we continue to benefit from our disciplined capital allocation decisions and maintain the financial flexibility to create value in numerous ways due to our strong balance sheet. As we look ahead, our new senior team is working together and in the process of prioritizing and aligning the company under new leadership. This includes constantly evaluating, as we always have, different levers we can pull to drive enhanced value for shareholders. Given our strong balance sheet, the quality of our portfolio, and our scale, we are confident that opportunities exist to further bolster what we believe to be an already great real estate company. While we have no major strategic actions to announce at this time, we continue to actively consider value-creation opportunities consistent with our focus on delivering superior returns for Host's shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in much greater detail.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. As Jim pointed out, I've spent 24 years at Host, and this will be the 68th earnings call that I have participated in at the company. It is hard to believe how much time has passed and how much Host has changed over that period. I'm very proud to have been associated with Host since its inception, but most of all, I am thankful for having had the opportunity to work with amazing, bright and hard working people during my tenure. We have accomplished a lot together, and I know the team will continue to achieve great things. Host is a terrific company, and I know the future is bright. I wish Jim, Michael and all of our associates the best and we'll be rooting for all of them. With that, let's discuss the quarter. We are pleased with the continued outperformance at our hotels in Phoenix this quarter. RevPAR at our properties grew 9.2% beating the STR upper-upscale market by 830 basis points. A primary driver of the strength was strong corporate group demand at our Westin Kierland, which helped produce group revenue growth at 15% this quarter. Once again, our hotels in Seattle exceeded our expectations and the rest of the portfolio with a 6.6% RevPAR increase, which was 700 basis points above the STR upper-upscale market result of minus 0.4%. These impressive results were driven by both occupancy and average rate increases of 2.7 percentage points and 3.5% respectively. Our Seattle hotels benefited from strong transient, retail and special corporate demand, as well as the renovation of the W Seattle last year. Based on the anticipated and well-documented closure of the Moscone Convention Center, our managers at our hotels in San Francisco strategically targeted in-house group and high-rated contract business. This strategy proved successful, yet again, as our hotels exceeded our internal forecast and outperformed the STR upper upscale market results by 320 basis points with a RevPAR increase of 4.3%. Our strategy increased in-house groups by 26% and boosted banquet and catering revenues by almost 25%. However, we do not expect the short-term strategy to continue through the fourth quarter. Once the expansion project at the convention center is completed 2018, we expect citywide to return to San Francisco and the business to positively follow suit in a meaningful way in 2019. Our hotels in Denver continued to outpace the portfolio with a RevPAR growth of 4.1%, primarily driven by strong in-house group business. The RevPAR increase exceeded the STR upper upscale results by 220 basis points. Hawaii RevPAR grew 2.7% besting the STR upper upscale market results by 160 basis points. Strong group business as well as the Hyatt Maui ballroom renovation last year drove the increase this quarter. In addition, resorts destination, such as Hawaii, benefited from stronger leisure business from weather-impacted markets in the Caribbean. Keep in mind that our hotels in Hawaii are benefiting from the anemic supply growth on the island and the low national supply growth of resort properties overall. Shifting gears to some of our more challenged markets. RevPAR at our hotels in Florida declined 8.7% mainly driven by Hurricane Irma. Six of eight comparable hotels in Florida were closed due to mandatory evacuation and loss of commercial power. As Jim mentioned, our teams did an excellent job of getting our properties back online quickly. Those properties have been restored to substantially full capacity. We currently have about 320 rooms out of service, most of which are at the Biscayne Bay Marriott. Prior to the hurricane, our properties in Florida performed better in July and August than we had anticipated at the end of the second quarter. In Atlanta, RevPAR decreased 5.7% in the third quarter and underperformed the STR upper upscale market results due to the renovations at the Marriott Midtown Suites (sic) [Marriott Suites Midtown], The Ritz-Carlton, Buckhead, and the JW Buckhead properties. In addition, several large citywide events did not repeat in August, which affected overall demand in the Buckhead sub-market. RevPAR at our Chicago properties declined 4.1% this quarter, but outperformed the STR upper upscale market results by 220 basis points. Occupancy increased 1.5 percentage points offset by an average rate decrease of 5.7%. The decline in rate stemmed from softer-than-expected transient demand and a poor citywide calendar, requiring hotels to provide more discounted rates in order to drive occupancy. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect Boston, Atlanta, Denver, and Phoenix to outperform our portfolio. Conversely, we anticipate Houston, San Diego, San Francisco and Latin America to underperform. Moving to international operations. Our consolidated international hotels' third quarter RevPAR decreased 31% in constant currency. As expected, this was a direct result of the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil which provided for difficult comps at our Brazilian hotels. RevPAR at our three hotels in Brazil declined 70% in constant currency and negatively impacted third quarter total comparable RevPAR by 110 basis points. The European joint venture portfolio continued to show signs of recovery and is benefiting from accelerating economic growth across the continent. Many of the countries where we own assets such as Belgium, France, Germany, and the Netherlands have increased GDP forecast since our last call. RevPAR for the 10 hotels in the portfolio improved 3.2% with occupancy growth of 3.1 percentage points and a slight decrease in average rate. This performance was driven by strong transient and group business at several properties. For the full year, we expect that RevPAR growth at these hotels will continue to outpace our comparable hotel results. We remain impressed by the exceptional job of our managers and asset managers in bringing more profit to the bottom line. With a RevPAR decline of 1.8%, our margins only declined 75 basis points this quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we have increased margins by 10 basis points on a RevPAR increase of 1%. These are remarkable results in an environment with low unemployment and rising labor costs. As we noted last quarter, we continue to see the benefit of various initiatives focused on productivity and operational efficiency including, one, productivity gains related to time and motion studies conducted by third-party consultants at our hotels. We still have a portion of the portfolio where we have yet to complete such studies, so we anticipate continued benefit into at least next year. Two, continued expansion of programs like Marriott's Green Choice, which allows customers to forego housekeeping service in exchange for loyalty points and the implementation of room technology solutions at many of our hotels, which facilitates more efficient deployment of housekeeping labor. And, three, our operational initiatives such as outsourcing low-profit food and beverage operations, including continued efforts to restructure in-room dining operation. We now have 26 hotels in our portfolio with some form of modified or completely eliminated in-room dining in favor of packaged-food pickup or delivery. Other smaller targeted initiatives consist of reviewing maintenance and service contracts or food procurement practices. Going forward, we continue to execute on productivity improvements through our time and motion studies at our medium and small hotels. We also expect to garner cost savings from the Marriott-Starwood merger through lower OTA commissions and better procurement costs, both of which should continue to drive future margin improvement. In October, we paid a regular third-quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share which represents an annual yield of 4.1% on our current stock price. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility and believe we have one of the strongest balance sheets in the lodging REIT and overall REIT space. Importantly, this key competitive and strategic advantage enhances our ability to sustain the dividend throughout lodging cycle, while also allowing us to invest when accretive opportunities arise to either buy asset, buy back stock or reinvest in high yielding value-add projects. We ended the third quarter with approximately $789 million of cash and $807 million of available capacity remaining under a revolver portion of our credit facility. Today, our leverage ratio is 2.3 times as calculated under the terms of our credit facility. Overall, we are pleased with our strong results, particularly with the improving profitability of our assets in what continues to be a competitive market and lower growth environment. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Larson. We'll go first to Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Anthony.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. The Key Bridge sale and The Phoenician opportunity involve some residential redevelopment opportunities. Do you have any more of these opportunities throughout your portfolio particularly in cities like New York?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. Good question, Anthony. We're looking at options for a number of our New York hotels. I wouldn't say that we're to the point where we're comfortable discussing anything today, and we continue to look at opportunities throughout the portfolio to develop excess land, to convert as we did years ago at the Newport Beach Marriott. We took excess tennis courts out of inventory, and sold that piece of dirt to a local residential developer who put a condo tower there. So, we have a number of initiatives that we're working on today, but the short answer is nothing that I would be comfortable discussing because we're not far enough along.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Got it. And, Greg, thanks a lot for all your help over the years. You've been one of the most helpful executives that I've dealt with. So, good luck in the future.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, thanks a lot.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right.
Operator: We'll go next to Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, and, yeah, Greg, let me offer my congratulations too. So, Jim, in the prepared remarks, you did mention weighted average supply growth being sort of one of the kind of issues that continues to remain out there for the industry. Could you just talk about how you're thinking about weighted average supply growth in Host's markets for stacking up for 2018? And do you see any signs of kind of a crest or peak out in either 2018 or 2019 especially in maybe a handful of markets like New York?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think that, in general, Shaun, we see supply peaking in 2019. And our sense today is that supply will pick up in 2018 and probably level out in 2019, and then we should start to see a decline. Generally, what's happened over the last six months or so is that the lending environment has gotten much more difficult for developers to build new hotels. Obviously, that's something we'd like to see, and we're seeing projects being delayed and projects being put on the shelf. So, I think we'll be right around industry averages, maybe a tick more.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And anything in particular driving those delays that you could elaborate on?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, I think, generally, it's the fact that lenders have clamped down on their underwriting standards. The capital markets are flush with cash today which obviously impacts other pieces of our business. But based on conversations we've had with lenders and talking to folks in the brokerage community and developers and operating partners that we work with, it's just not as easy today to go out and get a construction loan.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Hi, good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Rich.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: If I've got one question, I'm going to try to make it count here. So there's been a lot of chatter surrounding Host recently on the topic of various strategic alternatives, levered share repurchases, programmatic asset sales. There's obviously a lot of levers available, and I certainly appreciate that you guys can't talk about things that haven't been announced. But can you talk about what the current limitations are with respect to an investment-grade rating, with respect to commitment to the dividend throughout the cycle, just how do you guys think about that box that you might be in as we contemplate these other alternatives?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Rich, I think that we have consistently said that we intend to maintain our investment-grade rating. And that means that  well, in addition to that, we said that at this point in the cycle, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we may be in the late stages of the cycle, we may not, but we're taking a cautious approach today to capital deployment and taking that into consideration in our underwriting criteria. But we have stated that we would be comfortable taking leverage to 2.5x to 3x.And I don't think that's changed by any means. Does that provide a limitation to us? I don't think that it does. Candidly, I think that we are cognizant of the scale, the depth, the breadth of what we have in this company and are looking for ways to create shareholder value over the long term, but we're going to keep the balance sheet in mind, and we're going to keep the dividend in mind as well.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, I agree with Jim. I mean I think Host is in a great position today with leverage at 2.3x and nearly $800 million of cash. I think there's a lot of flexibility to do all the things we mentioned, whether it's buying back stock, reinvesting in our assets, or buying assets. It's still clearly being investment grade. It's still clearly being in a position in a downturn to maintain our dividend.
Rich Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Okay, guys. Appreciate that color. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I'm going to go ahead and follow up on that one. So you mentioned buying back stock, reinvesting in assets or buying assets. Given your views on the cycle, would you rank any of those as a priority relative to the others?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: It's tough to rank anything in a vacuum, Steve. It really is dependent upon how a particular acquisition opportunity would stack up from an accretion perspective relative to buying back stock, which we will evaluate any potential acquisition opportunity against the stock buyback opportunity concurrently as we're evaluating it. So I can't sit here today and say that one is going to take precedence over another.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Thank you for the group color around 2018, but any chance you could just give us more thoughts around kind of how you're thinking about 2018 RevPAR guidance? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, Thomas, it's a little early in the year for us to be talking about 2018 RevPAR guidance. We are in the budget process with our operators. We don't have budgets. So there's really not a lot of color I can add.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I can answer that, Jim. Yeah, I mean obviously there are some other wildcards out there as well, right. Are we going to get a tax cut at some point later this year, early next year? And we continue to look at the economic stats. So, as you know, Thomas, what we like to do is give our guidance on our next call, which will be in February.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. I thought it was worth a shot. Can I just ask another question then? I think the market  I mean, you're not alone in highlighting how the hurricanes are having a negative impact on RevPAR. I think investors and we simply thought that there was going to be a bit of a tailwind from people displaced. Can you just talk about kind of the gives and takes there? I mean, could the hurricanes be a positive surprise in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, the properties that we own are truly in both markets. They're upper upscale luxury hotels. They're not the type of assets that would generally benefit from teams that are coming in to rebuild the local markets that have been battered as a result of the hurricanes. So generally, I don't see that piece of business benefiting us. However, I will tell you that we're already starting to  and none of this is baked in our numbers, by the way. We're already starting to hear some tangential news that people want to come to Florida this winter and end of fourth quarter, people who might have been going to the Caribbean or Puerto Rico in particular, St. Thomas, some of the other islands that got devastated. So I'm going to be cautiously optimistic and say that we have our fingers crossed that we should see a pickup in our Florida properties as a result of Irma and Maria.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. The other thing I would add, Tom, here, I'll give you some 2018 guidance for you since you're so persistent. Look, I think the good news for Host is that we have kept all of these hotels that were impacted in our comp set. And so in looking, I think the good news is, obviously, we were impacted this quarter. I think we will have some impact in fourth quarter, but all those hotels we have easy comps in 2018.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Way to look at it positively. Greg, thanks for all your help over the years.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I did. That was just a byproduct of our decision not to take them out of comps.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Bellisario with Baird.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Mike.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Just kind of want to circle back to Rich's question a little bit, maybe ask it slightly differently, but not looking for specifics on the  call it European exit, for example. But what needs to happen or what do you need to see to maybe act on some of these options that you have embedded within your portfolio? Is it something on the macro front or is it a capital markets decision? What's kind of the thing that needs to happen for you to say, 'Okay, it's time to do X, Y or Z?'
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think what has to happen first and foremost, Mike, is we have to get the new senior teams aligned and integrated, and come together with a plan of how we want to see Host in the future. And Michael is not even on board to-date, so I think it's going to take some time for us to wrap our arms around the new vision and the way forward.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think what I would add is, look and I know you guys are talking about maybe some bigger things. But I would add also to Jim's comments that he had in his prepared remarks is that I think the team is doing a great job already, right. If you look at the Key Bridge potential sale later this year or next year, I think that's a fantastic transaction, even the land sale in Chicago and the other asset sale both in Australia and here. So I would say that they're already moving quickly, but you could see further things in 2018.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I'd just add onto The Phoenician, Michael, because we, actually, I think, talked a lot about the potential for residential development at The Phoeniciana couple years ago when I was in Phoenix. And it was an opportunity that we identified as a possibility in our underwriting, but we certainly didn't bake any value into it and underwrote the asset on a standalone basis. So these are the types of opportunities that we are going to continue to look for going forward, places where we can really opportunistically create value out of real estate.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's helpful. And then just kind of digging into The Phoenician there where you have approval, can you kind of maybe walk us through the steps and the timing on what needs to get rezoned and any potential for an accelerated timeline there maybe?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, I think we always run the risk if there's an appeal of our PUD approval. But it's been through the City of Phoenix  The Phoenician is located in the City of Phoenix. It's been through the Planning Commission. It's been through the City Council. And we've had important communications with all the neighborhood groups that that might have evidenced the concern or had questions about what this was going to mean to them and to their land values. So the resort in it of itself is 319 acres. As I stated in my remarks, we rezoned the entire property. So we put a PUD, a planned unit development on the entire property. It involves relocating the tenants to an activity center, building a new fitness facility, and really shrinking the golf course from 27 holes to 18 holes, and freeing up 60 acres of residential land for development. Our plan  and we've hired a land broker. We had assembled a team early on shortly after we closed on the deal. We have a land broker on retainer who is representing us with residential developers. And our goal is to sell the land to one or more residential developers and let them develop the real estate going forward. We're hopeful that we could see the closings occur by mid-2019.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks and, Greg, best of luck to you going forward.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I wanted to ask just Jim on the underwriting side. Are you seeing any changes in pricing of hotels just given where we are in the cycle and maybe departure of some buyers that might have been more present, say a year ago or so? Are you seeing anything there?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: A couple observations on the investment side, Smedes. First of all, I would tell you that until very recently, we did not identify product on the market that fit our criteria. I've stated in the past that given where we may be in the cycle, it's not a time to be a buyer of commodity-type hotels. Obviously, we like the resort space. We like big boxes a lot. We're prepared to move beyond the top 10 or 15 markets and look out to the top 25 markets. What we've seen happening over the last 60 days or so is a number of hotels have come to market, some being formally marketed by intermediaries and one or two others that we're working on a direct basis or an off-market basis. Yes. Seller expectations are lofty. That doesn't mean that they're going to transact. We are still seeing a number of situations contrary to the comment I made earlier with respect to the tightness in construction lending, we are starting to see situations and continuing to see situations, I should say, where current owners of hotels, if they can't clear the market at a price that they find attractive, they can refinance a property today at very attractive terms and very attractive proceeds. So there are a handful of deals out there that we're looking at today. I think it's TBD to see where they clear the market. We certainly don't intend to stray from our underwriting. We don't feel that we have a need to stray from our underwriting. We're going to continue to be disciplined. And if we can wrestle a deal down that makes sense for us and creates stockholder value, then we'll pursue it.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. I just wanted to ask you as well. As you look at labor costs moving into 2018, are there any particular markets that just sort of stand out in terms of higher costs, either that are being sort of legislated in or there are perhaps union contracts coming due or anything along those lines that we should just be keeping in mind as we think about 2018?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Smedes. This is Greg. I think it will depend on the market. I mean, certain markets  Arizona is probably a good example  we are experiencing some tight labor markets in Arizona and some other markets. There will be some union contracts coming due in '18. Obviously, we've experienced some of those pressures this year, but because of the benefits of technology and time/motion studies and other things, we've been able to mitigate some of those cost increases. In fact, as Jim said, during the quarter we were able to decrease our overall comp expenses by $13 million. So, yeah, I think we will have some pressure on labor in 2018, but I think we'll continue to benefit from technology and, obviously, the merger between Marriott and Starwood will also be helpful and gives us some tailwinds to offset that as well.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. And yeah, I'll certainly echo the concern or the comments earlier, Greg, that you'll certainly be missed, but we'll look for you trackside next year. But I'm curious just on earlier question came in about just constraints on your options for maximizing value. I'm just curious, how do you guys think about managing around monetizing low-tax-basis assets like the Key Bridge Marriott because of the need to either recycle that capital or pay a special dividend?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think, a couple things on Key Bridge in particular, Jeff. It's something that we thought about, obviously, because it is a low-basis asset. It's been in the company from inception, and I think it was the second hotel that Marriott Corp. built many, many years ago. It was built 1959, I believe. So, we do have a very low tax basis in that asset. And as we're thinking about whether or not we have a special dividend as a result of the sale, I think, one of the things we're thinking about today is, is it possible to do a like-kind exchange for that hotel? It's also going to depend on when the deal closes. So, there are a lot of factors here that go into the equation. Obviously, if it closes in 2017, and we don't feel that there is a high probability of executing on a like-kind exchange, then a special dividend is something we'll be thinking about internally and talking about among the management team here. If it closes in 2018, it might have a slightly different color on it.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And maybe just one follow-up, if I could. And I know it's early, but Marriott is considering changing its occupancy threshold around rewards redemption to maybe more of a waterfall. I know nothing has been concluded, but as someone who has a good number of Marriott managed hotels, who I think probably operates near those occupancy thresholds, could you talk a little bit about how those affects pricing in your mind and maybe, conceptually, what the opportunity could be if it was modified?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We're having some conversations with Marriott around the rewards program. I mean, they're doing a lot of work on rewards today. They have to  they want to and they have to harmonize the Starwood rewards program along with Marriott rewards. They are hopeful that they'll get this done by the end of 2018. We have an active seat at the table. We're having conversations. And I think to say anything more than that, I wouldn't be comfortable with that.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody, and similar sentiment to you, Greg. You'll be missed.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: When you guys think about the 2018 and I heard your comment, Jim, on the group revenue pace for 2018, would you expect that the group segment to lead or lag relative to business transient leisure? But then when you think about 2018 overall, would you expect your overall portfolio to lead or lag relative to the U.S. industry RevPAR results?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think a lot of what happens in 2018, Jeff (sic) [Joe], is going to really be dependent upon the psychology of travelers in general, but of businesses in particular. And if we see a tax bill come out of Washington, D.C. that gets close to doing what is being proposed, i.e., take the corporate tax rate down to 20%, if we see a repatriation of profits that are trapped overseas right now and see a big inflow to the U.S. Treasury that maybe leads to an infrastructure build at some point during 2018, then I think that we feel really good about what that's going to mean for our business. But sitting here today, the only thing I can really tell you is that we're sitting today with the same amount of group business on the books in 2018 as we had in 2017 at the same time in 2016.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: With the same increases.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Same increases, yeah. And we have about 67% of our 2018 group business on the books already. So, we feel good about it. Do we want to see the return of the business transient traveler? Absolutely. Do we want to see group bookings pick up? Sure, we do. That can lead us to a billion dollar question. When is this going to happen? If we had that answer, I think we'd all be in a much better place.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: And we could give guidance.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: And we'd give guidance.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Chris.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I want to ask you. Jim, there's been a lot of talk about the Marriott-Starwood merger and some of the benefits that accrue to owners. And I heard your comments, you expect to see those more later next year, 2019, and I think a lot of that is probably on the expense side. I want to ask you if you think there's any top line benefits that are  that either have or going to materialize from that merger? I think that was, part of the  if not spoken, at least part of the implied idea when that happened. And I don't know you guys don't give a specific brand data, but maybe some comments on whether you think there are top line benefits coming out of that as well.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think I can answer that with an unequivocal, yes. Marriott's group sales engine, in my opinion and I think the opinion of everyone here at Host, is second to none in the industry. Starwood had a good group sales platform. I think, Marriott's is superior. Marriott is in the process right now of integrating the two organizations. We're working closely with them to understand what that means. Again, not unlike the rewards program, we do have a seat at the table and we are having conversations with them. So, we fully expect that as the two sales organizations are integrated that we should see yield index increase for our Starwood legacy hotels. The Sheraton RevPAR index today is not a fair share. It's 90%plus or minus. So, we see a lot of upside going forward.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And I also want to pass along best wishes to Greg. And, Greg, I'm sure you'll miss those trips to Fiji, but we'll see you around.
Operator: We'll go next to Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Two questions or really just clarifications. I know you're not giving guidance for 2018 RevPAR, but it's one we're sort of expecting a similar increase in U.S. RevPAR or something in that sort of 1% to 2% range for next year. You talked about a lot of the programs targeting expenses. Is it reasonable to think that you could keep margins flat next year, if RevPAR is only up in that 1% range? I know it looks like you will be able to have done that this year, but just wondering how you feel about that, just going into 2018. And then just the other clarification, your commentary on group pace for 2018, having the same increases this time last year did for 2017. Can you just remind us where 2017 group is coming in for the year, what the increase is coming in for 2017 group? Thanks.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Robin. This is Greg. So, yeah, this year, I think it's been as we've mentioned an extraordinary year on the cost front and margin front. I mean, if you look at the low end of our guidance, we're going to have breakeven margins and 1.15% RevPAR, and frankly, revenue growth is going to be under 0.5%. So, I think those are remarkable results. I think we still as I've talked and Jim talked about, we still have some things that will help us next year. Again, we still  because we have a lot of these things more complicated hotels, I think, technology is going to continue to help us next year. Certainly, as Jim just mentioned, yes, obviously there's a revenue bump because of the Starwood-Marriott merger, but I think there'll clearly be some expense benefits occurring to us both in 2018 and 2019. So, I think, we're going to do better next year than a typical year. But I guess without giving  getting too specific, I don't think, we'll be  look, this was a record year, right, to have flat margins with 1.15% RevPAR growth, right. I think the breakeven margins growth will be higher than that, but certainly better than an average year.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. On the group, where group is coming in for 2017?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I'm sorry, Robin, we didn't  I didn't hear you on that.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, sure. The other question was just you mentioned that your 2018 booking pace for group is similar to what 2017 looked like at the same time last year. Can you just remind us where your 2017 group is now coming in for the year now that 98% of that is on the book?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. It's single. It's up over 2%.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And best wishes with everything. Greg, let me add that to everyone else's. Thanks.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, thanks, Robin, for that.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Well go next to Wes Golladay with RBC Capital.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Going back to that group outlook for next year, are there any markets that are driving that? I know you invested a lot of money in some of your group hotels, and I wonder if these are just Host specific. And then for D.C., are you seeing any uptick in short-term group as legislative activity looks to pick up?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think, it's too  look, D.C. has been a great market for us. And when we look at sort of the city-wide for 2018 and 2019, D.C. looks quite strong. And my guess is based on what you were just talking about, we could see additional activity in D.C. So, we  clearly, we feel pretty good about D.C. There are other markets for us that that look good. But as we said earlier, we're not giving guidance for 2018 at this point. And our group revenues looks solid on our books today. So, I'm not sure that we're going to get into it too much further at this point.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Well, congrats, Greg.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Crow with Raymond James.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Greg, let me express my well wishes for your wife who has to deal with you a lot more at home. So, good luck to Piper.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: (01: 02: 00).
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I hope you spend a little more time out in wine country.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: All right.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: My question is twofold, very quick here. Any update on the COO search? Is it still under way? Or have you rethought that position? And number two, The Ritz-Carlton rebranding in Buckhead, is that something that you approached Marriott on? Or Marriott came to you? And how did that play out?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, Bill. Happy to give you an update on both of those. With respect to the COO search, we have suspended the search. By marrying up asset management with investments, we think we're accomplishing what we wanted to accomplish, which was integrating the two disciplines to really be completely focused on real estate value creation. We have a strong enterprise analytics team that is mining data for us and providing a competitive edge, as well as strong asset managers as we go forward. So, at present, the management changes are done internally. With respect to The Ritz-Carlton in Buckhead, we're having conversations with Marriott regarding the right way forward for that hotel. The hotel was in need of a material renovation. We looked at some options outside of Ritz, but keeping it within the Marriott family, and landed on The Whitley, a luxury collection hotel, as the best alternative to drive stockholder value. We put HEI in to manage that property. And what we haven't discussed is that we also own The Westin in Buckhead, and HEI is managing The Westin as well. So, we see incremental benefit of complexing and sales, and catering by having one manager manage two properties within the same brand family.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Jim, is it fair to assume that there will be a restaurant flag in Buckhead eventually?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: That, I don't know. I've asked that question in the past. And to my knowledge today, there is nothing planned.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. All right. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Bill.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Risoleo for closing remarks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you for joining us on the call today. As I said earlier, we are pleased with our solid results and earnings beat, particularly after weathering the impact of two major storms. I am looking forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks and hope you will join us at our informal meet and greet on Monday prior to the conference start. Otherwise, we look forward to discussing 2017 results and our 2018 outlook on our year-end call in February. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ryan Meliker - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by, we are about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts second quarter 2017 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation, to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earning's press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of our second quarter results, and provide our outlook for 2017. Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our second quarter performance by markets, discuss margins, and the balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Gee. And thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are very pleased to report solid second quarter results, which beat our internal expectations on both the top and bottom line. Once again, we materially out-performed industry upper upscale results by over 100 basis points. As a result of our continued strong performance we are raising the midpoint of our guidance for the year across the board. We now anticipate 2017 comparable hotel RevPAR to range between 1% and 1.75%, which is a 38 basis point increase to the midpoint of our prior guidance. We also had increased the midpoint of our prior margin guidance by 25 basis points, and now forecast corresponding margin change of minus 15 basis points to plus 15 basis points. I continue to be impressed by our ability to drive this type of margin improvement, particularly given this level of RevPAR growth. This is a testament to the scale and information benefits of our portfolio, driven primarily by our new enterprise analytics team. As a result of these adjustments, we now anticipate 2017 adjusted EBITDA to range between $1.46 billion and $1.495 billion. This translates to a $20 million increase to the midpoint of our prior guidance. Similarly, our adjusted FFO per share is now projected to range between $1.64 and $1.68, a $0.02 increase from our prior midpoint. The cadence of the year is playing out as we anticipated, and as we discussed on our first quarter call. As expected, the strength we witnessed in the first quarter was somewhat offset in the second quarter, due to the Easter holiday shift. Looking forward, that same holiday shift dynamic remains, with the Jewish holidays moving back from October to September. This will negatively impact the third quarter, but positively impact the fourth quarter, which we believe will be strong, and second only to our first quarter in terms of RevPAR performance. This is consistent with our prior and current commentary, and is the basis for our forecast. Macro-economic forecasts remain relatively unchanged from the last time we spoke, and appears supportive to overall economic and industry growth. The key statistics we follow closely, corporate profits and business investment, remain significantly above 2016 levels, and have historically been a strong leading indicator of future RevPAR growth. In addition, employment remains strong, consumer sentiment is high, industrial production is rebounding, stock markets are at or near all-time highs, and the recent decline in the U.S. dollar appears to be shifting from a recent headwind to a tailwind, particularly as it relates to increases in international arrivals. We have yet to see the clear impact of these positive factors on our business. However, we continue to be cautiously optimistic that the stage is set for economic expansion. Offsetting that is a general uncertainty with respect to government policy, and economic initiatives, which may be putting a slight damper on corporate outlooks, and business travel. Moving to capital allocation, we continue to selectively prune what we believe to be the most geographically diversified portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels in the sector. As mentioned in our press release, the sale of the Hilton Melbourne South Wharf is imminent. The hotel is expected to be sold for $182 million, and ends our investment activity in Australia and New Zealand. In addition, we remain committed to reducing our exposure to non-core assets requiring higher capital expenditures, and in locations where lower growth is expected, assuming we can pursue asset sales at attractive pricing. As noted in our press release, we have accounted for one additional unidentified disposition in our guidance, which we would categorize as non-core, and which we expect to close late in the third quarter. On the acquisition front, we remain disciplined in allocating capital to new investments. While we have evaluated several investment opportunities, the pricing has not met our rigorous underwriting requirements. Our 2017 guidance does not contemplate any additional acquisitions from what we have already disclosed, this year. However, we will continue to source opportunities and sell assets, where we believe we can add value and enhance NAV per share. Our industry leading balance sheet has never been in better shape, with leverage at 2.4 times, as determined under our credit facility. As of quarter-end, we have nearly $650 million of cash, and over $775 million of capacity under our credit facility. Depending on the economic conditions and opportunities that present themselves, this investment capacity provides us the ability to effectively allocate capital, and drive stockholder value in a number of ways. We can seek to increase earnings through disciplined external growth; judicious capital investment in our portfolio; opportune repurchases of stock under our existing $500 million buyback authorization; and returning capital to stockholders through payment of a special dividend. We believe this flexibility to pursue a variety of outcomes sets Host apart from our peers. One of the places where we have allocated capital, and will continue to do so, is within our existing portfolio. This is evident in the results of our non-comp hotels, where RevPAR for the quarter was up nearly 11%, building on the momentum we witnessed at these assets in the first quarter. While this performance is not reflected in our full year RevPAR guidance, these assets are contributing significantly to our EBITDA, and represent another lever that we can pull in our diversified portfolio to successfully allocate capital. Looking at CapEx for the full year, we expect to spend $275 million to $290 million on renewal and replacement capital expenditures, and $100 million to $110 million on redevelopment and ROI projects. Let me now discuss our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $444 million, reflecting an increase of 1.8% and exceeding consensus estimates. Second quarter FFO per diluted share was $0.49, also exceeding consensus estimates. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDA was at $811 million, and FFO per diluted share was $0.94. These results were driven by several factors. While we expected to see some disruption from the Easter holiday shift, Group average rate exceeded our expectations and Transient demand was better than expected. As a result, on a constant currency basis, our comparable RevPAR improved 1.7% in the second quarter to nearly $194, driven by an 80 basis point increase in average room rate. Better than expected demand resulted in occupancy improvement of 70 basis points, to 83.2%. Our domestic comparable properties had RevPAR growth of 1.8%, with a 10 basis point delta between total and domestic comparable RevPAR growth, a result of the tough comp at our properties in Rio de Janeiro, which benefited from pre-Olympic activity last year. Comparable hotel revenues were luckily flat for the quarter, and up 1.4% so far this year. I am pleased to report that comparable EBITDA margin grew 15 basis points in the second quarter, and 45 basis points year-to-date. Greg will elaborate on where that margin improvement is specifically coming from. Starting with our Transient segment, the Easter and Passover holiday shift into April, coupled with spring break travel, boosted Leisure demand for the month by 3.5%. May and June demand grew a combined 1.3% for an overall quarterly demand increase of 2%. Transient rate for the quarter increased 1%, driven by a nearly 2% rate increase in the month of May. Our strong book of Group business allowed us to drive Transient rates. Overall, the favorable demand and rate results led to a 3.1% increase in Transient revenue for the quarter. We continue to be impressed with our Transient business, particularly Leisure, which remains strong and buoyed by high customer sentiment, lower oil prices, and strong employment. As expected, our Group results for the quarter were also impacted by the holiday shift, as Group revenue decreased 2.7% for the second quarter, notably impacted by demand declining more than 8% in the month of April. Specifically, a result of the holiday shift from March into April. While we expect Group to continue to be impacted in the third quarter as a result of the Jewish holiday shift, these strands have been incorporated into the revised guidance we presented this morning. Let me spend a few minutes discussing our Group outlook. We have over 90% of our Group revenues on the books for 2017, and continue to see the Group booking window extend. With nearly all of our Group business on the books, combined with record occupancies at our properties, and Transient demand strength, there isn't that much additional capacity remaining for groups to book for 2017. This means that groups are looking out to 2018 and beyond, which is a great trend that helps our managers shore up their business, shrink the hotel, and drive future Transient pricing. In fact, we were encouraged by strong booking activity for 2019 and beyond during the quarter. Combined with solid 2018 Group revenue pace, our outlook for Group business remains positive. One additional item I'd like to address is a question which has been raised regarding a decelerating second half for our business. Please keep in mind that two one-time events, both in the first quarter and the third quarter, caused a little noise when looking at our guidance. As you know, in January we benefited from the Inauguration and the Women's March. Business we were thrilled to have, but which skewed first half results higher. As we look to the second half, it is important to remember that we expect to be impacted by the difficult comps in Brazil, due to last year's Olympics in the third quarter. When you smooth out those two events, our forecast does account for a slight deceleration in the second half, but not nearly as much as the forecast would suggest. Looking at the remainder of the year, we remain cautiously optimistic and confident in the raised guidance we put out last evening, and would describe our outlook as, steady as she goes. Before I turn things over to Greg, I would sum up by saying, that our geographically diversified portfolio of iconic assets continues to drive positive results, as illustrated by our performance and our upward revision to 2017 guidance. We continue our strategy of utilizing our portfolio scale and access to information to identify and generate opportunities, both internally and externally, that we expect to produce strong returns for our investors. Finally, we continue to benefit from our disciplined capital allocation decisions, and maintain the flexibility to create value in numerous ways, due to our strong balance sheet. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in much greater detail.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. We continue to be pleased with our RevPAR and EBITDA margin growth, as our results exceeded our expectations again this quarter, allowing us to raise both our RevPAR and margin guidance. Now, I will provide an overview of some of the markets. Our hotels in Seattle outperformed our expectation in the rest of the portfolio, with an 18.7% RevPAR increase, which was over a 1,000 basis points above the STR upper-upscale market results of 8.1%. The impressive results were driven by both occupancy and average rate increases of 5.2 percentage point, and 11.8%, respectively. Our Seattle hotels benefited from a strong city-wide calendar, displacement from a competitor's room renovation, and tailwinds resulting from the W Seattle renovations last year. Strong Transient Retail and Special Corporate business, coupled with solid Group business, helped our managers drive Transient ADR, which was up 14.1%. We continue to witness strength in Phoenix, where RevPAR at our hotels grew 11.8% in the quarter, driven by a 6.6 percentage point increase in occupancy, and a 2.1% growth in average rate, more than tripling the STR upper-upscale market results of 3.6%. This was the result of the combination of strong Transient and Group business during this quarter. Specifically, Transient revenues increased 17%, while Group revenues grew 5.2%. In addition, the continual ramp-up of the strategic 2015 redevelopment and franchising of The Camby Hotel benefited our Phoenix results in the first half of this year. Despite the excessive lack of city-wides this quarter, our hotels in Denver grew RevPAR a significant 8.8%, driven primarily by a 7.6 percentage point increase in occupancy, mainly from Transient demand, which increased almost 23%. The RevPAR increase exceeded the STR upper-upscale results by 520 basis points. In addition, our managers strategically targeted short-term Group business, which enabled the hotels to increase Food and Beverage revenues by almost 15% in the quarter. Our Boston properties also amazingly outperformed our portfolio this quarter, with RevPAR growth of 8%, 380 basis points in excess of the STR upper-upscale results for the market, and better than we had we'd have anticipated. Occupancy increased 3.2 percentage points, and average rate grew 4.1%. Two additional city-wides helped to compress the city and drive incremental ADR growth. Once again, Transient revenues were strong, with a 16.7% increase. We expect continued strength in Boston, as several companies are moving into the area or expanding. Although much of this activity is in the Seaport district, we do anticipate the overall market will benefit. Hawaii RevPARs were 5.7%, beating STR upper-upscale market results by 110 basis points. Resorts destinations, such as Hawaii, benefited from stronger Leisure business, related to the Easter holiday shift. Average rate for the overall market at our hotels was up 7.3%, which was offset slightly by an occupancy decline of 1.4 percentage points. However, our resorts in Maui were even stronger, and saw a 15% increase in Transient average rates, as they benefited from pricing strategies that replaced lower rated Group business, with higher rated Leisure customers. The Maui properties are also benefiting from the anemic supply growth on the island, and the low national supply growth at resort properties overall. Shifting gears to some of more challenged markets, RevPAR at our hotels in Houston declined 12.7% mainly driven by challenges in the Group segment. These included two fewer city-wides this year, and lower than expected attendance at one large event in Houston this quarter. Our hotels in Houston will likely continue to under-perform the portfolio, as additional supply continue to negatively impact the market, especially on the weekend. However, it remains worth noting that Houston represents only 2% of our total EBITDA. In Atlanta, the RevPAR decrease of 3% in the second quarter was driven by a reduction in occupancy of 1.7 percentage points, and a drop of almost 1% in average rate. Both Transient and Group business were negatively impacted by the Easter holiday shift, and renovations at the Ritz-Carlton Buckhead hotel. In San Francisco, RevPAR declined 2.8% in the second quarter, largely due to the anticipated, and well-documented, closure of the Moscone Convention Center. However, our hotels outperformed the STR upper-upscale market results by 280 basis points. Going forward, we anticipate hotels in San Francisco will continue to struggle as the Moscone Convention Center is scheduled to be completely closed in the third quarter, negatively impacting all hotels in the Bay area. However, keep in mind, that once the expansion project at the convention center is completed in 2018, we expect city-wides to return to San Francisco, and business to positively follow through in a meaningful way in 2019. For our Domestic hotels in the second half of the year, we expect Phoenix, Los Angeles, Boston, and Hawaii to out-perform the portfolio, and Houston, New York, San Diego, and Denver to under-perform the portfolio. Moving to International operations. Our consolidated International hotels second quarter RevPAR decreased 3.1% in constant currency. As expected, the story of these two countries continues. Out-performance in Canada, and under-performance in Brazil. RevPAR in our hotels in Canada grew 11.5%, but was offset by a RevPAR decline of 14.6% at our Latin America hotels. Specifically, the business leading up to the Olympics in Rio last year provided for difficult comp at our Brazilian hotels. We expect these difficult comps to continue into the summer, and estimate that it will impact our total portfolio RevPAR results by 100 basis points in the third quarter. Another bright international note is the performance of the hotels in our European joint venture, which showed encouraging signs of improvement in the quarter. The portfolio continued to show signs of recovery, and is benefiting from accelerating economic growth across the continent. Many other countries where we own assets, such as Belgium, France, Germany, and Spain have increased GDP forecasts since our last call. RevPAR for the 10 hotels in the portfolio improved 8.2% in constant euros, with occupancy growth of 4.3 percentage points, and average rate increase of 2.7%. This performance was driven by strong Transient and Group business at several properties. For the full year, we expect RevPAR growth at these hotels will continue to out-pace our comparable historic result. We remain impressed by the efforts of our managers, and asset managers, as they continue to do a phenomenal job in bringing more profit to the bottom line. We increased margins by 15 basis points with a RevPAR increase of 1.7%. And on a year-to-date basis, we have increased margins by 45 basis points, on a RevPAR increase of 2.5%. These are impressive results in an environment with rising labor costs. Broadly speaking, our margin out performance can be broken down into three categories. First, we attribute about half of the performance to productivity gains. As we described on previous calls, a large portion of the productivity improvement is related to time and motion studies conducted by third party consultants at our hotels. We still have a portion of the portfolio where we have yet to complete such studies, so we anticipate continued benefits from this until at least next year. We are also pursuing other initiatives to drive productivity improvement. These include continued expansion of Marriott's Green Choice program, which allows customers to forego housekeeping service in exchange for loyalty points. We have also implemented a room technology solution at many of our hotels, which facilitates more efficient deployment of housekeeping labor. Our operational initiatives are also delivering out-performance. One example includes recently outsourcing four Starbucks operations. These were high revenue, but low profit operations, so converting them to rental income stream benefits overall margin. We have also continued efforts to restructure in-room dining operations. We now have 26 hotels in our portfolio with some form of modified, or completely eliminated in-room dining, in favor of packaged food, pick-up, or delivery. Other smaller targeted initiatives consist of reviewing maintenance and service contracts, or food procurement practices. Finally, further out-performance was achieved from plus inflationary growth in operating expenses not allocated to specific departments, such as administrative and general expenses, sales and marketing, and utilities. Higher purchasing card rebates, and savings in training, recruitment, and travel helped reduce A&G expenses. Savings in sales expense, through more targeted media and e-commerce spending, and reduced Group concessions held down sales and marketing expenses. We also continue to benefit from ROI projects, such as high-efficiency central plant equipment replacement, LED lighting retrofit, and solar panel installations, which drove continued savings in utilities. Going forward, we continue to execute on productivity improvements through our time and motion studies at our medium and small hotels. We also expect to garner cost savings from the Marriott-Starwood merger through lower OTA commissions, and better procurement costs, both of which should continue to drive future margin improvement. With the benefits of two quarters behind us, and with these productivity savings in mind, we have increased the midpoint of our margin guidance by 25 basis points this quarter, and 40 basis points since our initial guidance in February. In July, we paid a regular first quarter dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents a yield of 4.5% on our current stock price. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility, and believe we have one of the best balance sheets in the lodging REIT and overall, REIT space. Importantly, these key competitive and strategic advantage enhances our ability to sustain the dividend throughout the lodging cycle, while also allowing us to invest when accretive opportunities arise to either buy assets, buyback stock or reinvest in high-yielding value-add projects. During the quarter, we meaningfully extended the maturity of our revolver, and one of our two term loans, and lowered the interest rate margin on the term loan. This transaction demonstrates our ability to take advantage of our strong investment grade balance sheet, and our financial flexibility to opportunistically manage our maturity schedule, while remaining within our target leverage range. As Jim mentioned, we ended the second quarter with approximately $644 million of cash, and $775 million of available capacities remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Today, our leverage ratio is 2.4 times, as calculated under the terms of our credit facility. As Jim noted in his remarks, we are excited to have reached the first half in an even better position than we anticipated. We have therefore increased the midpoint of our RevPAR and margin guidance for the year. Finally, I'm going to urge you to keep the impact of the holiday shift and the tough comps related to the Olympics in Brazil last year in mind, as third quarter results are anticipated to be weaker than the first half of the year, with a rebound expected in the fourth quarter. Looking specifically to the third quarter, we expect 21% of our total EBITDA for 2017 will be generated in the current quarter. Overall, we are pleased with our strong results today, particularly with the improving possibility of our assets in what continues to be a competitive market, and lower growth environment. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: And we'll go first to Barclays with Anthony Powell.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Anthony.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning. You mentioned the strength of Leisure demand several times in your prepared remarks. Looking back, have you seen prior examples where Leisure out-performed business transient for an extended period of time? And how long do you think this dichotomy could last?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: It's a good question, Anthony. I think that we're very, very pleased with the book of business we're seeing from the leisure traveler. So long as consumer confidence remains strong, and unemployment remains low, and people feel good about their wallet and their balance sheet, we expect to see the leisure traveler continuing to spend money. We see no slowdown. If anything, we're seeing acceleration. So, we like nothing better than to see the business traveler return and put us in a better position to yield rates in an even more aggressive manner at the hotel.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks. And as a follow-up, I think in the past you said Leisure made up about 30% of your overall room night mix. Has that mix changed in recent years?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: No. It's about the same.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Great. That's it from me. Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Greg, you mentioned some detail around the margins, and I think in the last part of the prepared remarks that you kind of see some benefits on the  from the Marriott-Starwood merger and integration. Do you think both in the performance that we saw this quarter, and possibly then on the RevPAR side, you're seeing any of that benefit sort of real time? Or do you think more of the opportunity from the merger is slated to come in the months and years ahead?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. I think  look, we're benefiting, obviously, from quite a few of the things I mentioned this year, the time motion study, the energy ROI project, the Green Choice program, et cetera, but I think the benefit that will accrue to us from the Starwood-Marriott merger, really that's going to happen later. Either late this year, or really into 2018 and 2019 as well.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And I guess, as we think about sort of the broader overall mix, and we look at the portfolio, it feels like this quarter we saw a demonstrable out-performance in some of the kind of non-top five or top ten cities. You know places like Denver, Phoenix, I guess even Seattle, as we head forward, A, do you think that pattern is likely to continue? And B, what's your plans for how you view your portfolio right now in terms of  I think over time, people probably try to prune and get out of some of those, the kind of  let's call it, non-top 10 markets, what's Host view towards those top 10 or 15 markets versus your overall diversification?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Shaun, that's a really good question. I think that we are very comfortable with the geographic diversity that we have in the portfolio today. I've mentioned in the past that we're very open-minded to looking beyond the top 10 to 12 markets that we had invested in, and in fact, while the Phoenician in and of itself is non-comp right now because of a renovation plan that we have ongoing, that asset is in Phoenix, that is a good example of the type of property that we'll be looking for, a large asset with scale, and an asset where we can add a lot of value. So I don't think that you will see us exiting those markets for the sake of exiting them. I think I'd go back to the comments that I made earlier. If we have a non-core hotel that is situated in a market that's under  that is likely to under-perform the rest of the portfolio over time, and is in need of a lot of capital outside of the reserve, those are the types of assets that we'll continue to prune.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to Rich Hightower from Evercore.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: So let's  I want to break down the back half guidance a little bit. So it really does sound like Brazil, combined with the holiday shifts, were throwing a wrench into the third quarter, certainly vis--vis the fourth quarter if not the first half, as well. I'm just trying to get a sense of  and I appreciate the color you guys give on the contribution of EBITDA, relative to the full year, and so we can sort of back into some numbers that way. But what is the breakdown between RevPAR and margins in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, if you don't mind? And if we go negative, how negative could it be in the third quarter?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Rich. This is Greg. Hey, look, I clearly agree with almost everything you just said there. Clearly we are, as we mentioned in Jim's comments, impacted in a positive way because of the Inauguration and the Women's March in the first half of the year, and my comments  as I mentioned in my comments, Brazil, even though we only own two small hotels and the JW down in Brazil, those three hotels will impact our RevPAR by 100 basis points just in the third quarter. So there is some noise, as we've all talked about. I think the other thing I would add that sort of impacts first half, second half, is we have two hotels that just became comped this year, the Camby hotel and the Logan hotel, and those two hotels are really ramping up in a meaningful way this year. Clearly had strong RevPAR growth year-to-date. Those hotels are going to perform more in line with our portfolio on the second half of the year. So that's one additional item that sort of skews first half, versus second half. But, Rich, as you know, we don't give third quarter guidance here, I do try to help you out by telling you how much EBITDA, but look, I think, when I look at the shift of the Jewish holiday, and think about, you know, 100 basis point impact from Brazil, we should think that clearly, for us, I think RevPAR is going to be negative in the third quarter. And then as Jim mentioned, it rebounds in a strong manner in the fourth quarter.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's very helpful, Greg. Thanks. And then just one quick question on some of the quarterly results from 2Q. As I kind of look at Host's performance versus the STR MSA tracks that most of us get on a weekly basis, you did out-perform in several of those markets. I'm curious though, if you take markets like San Francisco, D.C., maybe Boston as well, how your CBD assets did relative to maybe some of the suburban assets in those markets? Just given some of the particulars last quarter?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Rich. You know San Francisco might be the best example of what you just described. In total, all right our RevPAR declined 2.8% compared to the STR data, which is down 5%, 6%, obviously great out-performance. But when you look at our big hotels, the Moscone Center, it was down about 2.8%, so similar performance as some of our more, I guess, suburban properties around San Francisco. Yeah, I think, the one thing that really helped us in San Francisco is that our revenue manager, our asset managers, and our manager, we identify this quarter and this year as being, obviously it was going to be a weak year in San Francisco. And so because of that, they really focused on booking in-house Group business, which really, I think, helped us in the quarter. They also booked some, what I would say, high rated contract business, which also helps us out in the quarter. So with the benefit of hindsight, sitting here today, I think that was a great strategy and really helped our results. In fact, frankly, if you look at, sort of the branded hotels in the area around the San Francisco, Moscone property, frankly, most of those hotels were down double-digits in RevPAR.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: And Rich, I'll give you just a little bit of color on Washington, D.C., looking at suburban versus CBD hotels. So we continue to be very focused on driving performance at every property in the portfolio, and a good example of that, I think, is the Westfield's Marriott, which is not in the central core of Washington, D.C., but we had strong in-house Group performance in that property in particular. And our RevPAR for that hotel exceeded our previous forecast, as once we had the Group on the books, we were able to yield a stronger Transient business in the property, as well. <: That's great color, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Up next, we turn to Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. So just on the EBITDA revisions, or the 2017 guidance revisions, how much of  so what would have been the  what's the impact from the additional property sale that you're assuming? And I'm assuming that's not the Melbourne sale that you had already anticipated last earnings, right?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: That's correct, Thomas. The undisclosed disposition that we referenced in the press release and our remarks, will have an effect  a negative effect of about $2.5 million, roughly, for the balance of the year.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Which is in our guidance.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. Of course it's in our guidance. And so the $20 million would have been closer to $23 million.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. And then I think there's been some concern in the market, just that if you looked at the STR data, June RevPAR decelerated from May despite it should have gotten the benefit from the July 4 shift. Did you feel like there was any kind of change in demand trends in June versus the prior quarter  or prior months and quarters? Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: No, we did not, Thomas. Actually, we had a pretty good June. I'm not going to give you specific RevPAR numbers, but we're really comfortable with how June performed.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I guess July, also?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, July, and look, obviously we're still in July, but so far July has been pretty decent as well, compared to our internal forecast.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Bellisario with Robert W. Baird.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Michael.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: First question just on acquisitions. Jim, how far off do you think you are on pricing? And then maybe from your seat with your investment history and acquisitions history, are you seeing others underwriting differently than you are? Or do you think it's just simply a cost of capital difference that you guys have versus your competitors out there today?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, I don't think it's necessarily a cost of capital difference, Michael. I think that as we're looking at investment opportunities today, I think, first and foremost, we don't think it's time to be a buyer of any commodity type of asset, so we are focused at this point in the cycle, on unique hotels that I would categorize as iconic and would fall into that section of the assets that we own today. We are taking into consideration the growth environment that we're operating in as we're underwriting hotels, and as we've talked before, we take into account a full 10 year capital plan, and look to solve for an un-leveraged IRR on a 10 year basis that is at least 100 basis points in excess of our cost of capital, if not higher, depending on the facts and circumstances of the particular deal. So we have not  I wouldn't say that we're wildly off underwriting expectations, pricing the expectations of buyers today, but I would say that given the attractiveness of the debt markets, and the availability of debt capital, both from a pricing perspective and proceeds perspective, there has to be a real reason for an owner of an asset to want to sell today. So they become indifferent to a refinancing unless they can really achieve a valuation that excites them. And I think that is what's happening in the markets today.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. And then just one other question on Group. Can you maybe provide some metrics on the in-the-quarter bookings for all future periods? Did you see that pace tick up or down in the second quarter?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, it depends on how you define all future periods. When we look from bookings sort of in the quarter, or for this year, but for 2018, 2019, and beyond, the bookings were actually stronger. Bookings in the year, for the year, as we expected, and as we talked about last quarter, were as expected, a little bit weaker.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I would  I would  you know, 2018 specifically, Michael, we are ahead of Group pace in 2018, relative to where we were this time last year for 2017. So we feel pretty good about what's happening with Group in 2018, as we look at the numbers today.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Meliker of Canaccord Genuity.
Ryan Meliker - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, Jim, I guess just one for you. You've now been in the big seat for six months, obviously been with the company a lot longer, but I'm just wondering if there's anything that you've learned over the past six months that's surprised you, or has caused you to rethink some ideas you had coming into the seat?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Boy, I'd say, if anything, Ryan, I've come to appreciate better what a great company Host is. When I sit back and look at the attributes of Host Hotels & Resorts, and I look at the geographically diverse portfolio that we have, which I think is unmatched by anyone else in the industry, the scale that we have, the access to information, and the ability to utilize that information to be effective on asset management, and effective on the acquisition side, and then the balance sheet that we have never been in better shape. I'm really excited about where we sit, and I think that the results that we had for this quarter, and the fact that we were able to beat consensus and raise estimates is a testament to everything that I just referred to in many ways. So, no surprises. Excitement, and looking at ways to move the company forward as we think about where we are in the cycle, and what the next leg might be.
Ryan Meliker - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate it, Jim. And then as we think about going forward, as we move through the cycle, and what the next leg may be, coupled with the balance sheet that you just mentioned that's obviously in great position, where do you see Host, you know, call it five years from now? Is Host going to be a lot bigger? Are you going to continue to prune  prune the portfolio and one-off transactions, similar to what you've been doing this year? Do you see M&A on the horizon? How are you thinking about the portfolio on a go forward basis?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, you know, it's difficult to answer that question in a vacuum because it's so dependent upon what happens in the economy, and whether or not we see a re-acceleration of economic growth depending on what comes out of Washington, and general economic trends. So the thought that I have is, I want to make certain that Host is the best performing REIT in the space. And the actions we take will be with an eye towards increasing our performance, increasing our margin performance, and out-performing as we look to the future.
Ryan Meliker - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And from Deutsche Bank, we'll go next to Chris Woronka.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Chris.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Morning. I wanted to ask you about your Hyatt Hotels. I think you have about nine of them, and I know they're going through kind of a contract re-negotiation of sorts with a couple of the OTAs. What are  do you  is there any embedded  do you think there's  that's going to create any kind of friction for you temporarily in the third quarter? And I think they've sent the owners some communications about their plans, but I mean, do you see that as a potential source of surprise for you?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: You know, Chris, I'm going to be careful with how I answer this question, because we've been in close communication with Hyatt, and as you might imagine, we are among the many owners in the industry that advocate for lower distribution costs. And I feel that over time Hyatt's strategy will achieve this result for us, and really that's about all I want to say on this subject.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Also, I want to ask you on the  I know on the non-comparable hotel guidance, I think that is up $9 million or so at the midpoint versus prior. I guess the question is kind of, how much visibility do you have on that? And then, looking out to next year, maybe, Greg, can you explain to us how the comps suddenly change next year?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. So, I mean, Chris, as you mentioned, I mean, obviously we've been very pleased with our non-comp and our comp results so far this year. In fact, if you look at year-to-date, our non-comp is up north of 13% in RevPAR growth. So I would expect when I look at the non-comp assets that are in the group, Denver Tech, the Hyatt in San Francisco, which is actually up over 20% in the quarter in RevPAR, you know the Marriott Marquis in San Diego, Axiom, and our two new acquisitions, The Don and W; I would expect all those hotels to continue to have decent results in the second half of this year. As far as which assets will fall out? I think, the Marriott Marquis, I think becomes comp next year. But  and I know the Axiom becomes comp next year. Beyond that, really what we always try to do is have a full year sort of what we would consider normalized results, before we put it into comp. So, it's hard for me, sitting her today, knowing fairly exactly what will be non-comp next year.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Up next, we'll go to Smedes Rose of Citigroup.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to ask you how you're thinking about your position in New York? We've just sort of heard anecdotally that buyers are perhaps more interested in the market now, given that the pace of new supply is likely to start declining. Do you think that's accurate? And maybe, just in terms of the overall portfolio re-positioning, are you interested in selling a property or more here?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Smedes, I think you are starting to see some interest in New York. There's a lot of noise in background here. The city has undertaken an initiative with respect to Midtown East rezoning, which will likely be approved and signed into law in  later in August through September of this year. I think that that could potentially open up opportunities for re-purposing of certain hotels today to office/residential. So, we  as you know, we have a number of properties in Midtown, we're looking at a number of the assets. We've had conversations with different prospective purchasers. I would not say today that we're close to a deal, but it is something that's at the top of our list.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. That was it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Scholes, SunTrust.
Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. My question is on your expectations for the fourth quarter. Certainly you know October has a very easy Group comp, but what do you think about the strength or weakness of Group business in November and December? Thank you.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Patrick. As you probably already know, since you're a specialist on forecasting future RevPAR, you know November...
Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That's not bad. (52:28).
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: You know, I think November, surprisingly, even though it's a difficult time, November looks pretty decent right now. And, as Jim said in his prepared remarks, we expect a real rebound in the fourth quarter. Now having said that, we think it's probably, it's a decent quarter, but it's probably our second best quarter of the year.
Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Now, let me  let me  let me quiz you a little bit more here. I completely agree with you on November. This is interesting because a year ago, November, sort of a surprised to the upside. November, I would say, is one of the harder back half comps. Why do you think November looks decent for groups? And, I relate that to, when I go back and look at Smith Travel results around the election, it doesn't look like there is a terrible easy comp. I mean, group was up 15% or 17% the week after the election. I mean, what do you think might me going on for another good November here?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I mean, Pat, it's a great question. If you remember, you know, November of last year was really the first year that we, and I think the industry in total, actually we all feed our internal forecast after experiencing about a year, a year and a half of always sort of coming up short on internal forecast, November was a very strong month. December was a strong month, and obviously for us, the first quarter and strong quarter were both strong months, and first quarter is strong quarter, and second quarter is strong as well. So, it's a good question. Look, all I know, I don't know if I have a specific answer, but what I can tell when I look at our group booking pace in the second quarter, especially in November and December, looks real decent sitting here today.
Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Crow of Raymond James.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Bill.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First question is going back to something you said earlier about the potential savings from Starwood Marriott merger. I'm just curious, you referenced slower OTA commissions. What is the average commission, OTA commission you're paying today, and if we had to take a guess, how many basis points could we see that decline over the next year or two years?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, Bill, I think, that, you know, when we look at our sort of Starwood legacy hotels and look at the contract that they had versus Marriott. You know, I think, once those contracts are fully negotiated, you know, my guess is, we save a point or two points, which is, you know, obviously material. I mean, the other  so the  but the other thing that we're hoping for obviously, Marriott as a larger company going forward, I mean, I'm speculating now, but I'm hoping as a bigger company, they have more leverage in the future on negotiations as well.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then, the follow-up was on Europe, just with the weaker dollar here in the back half of the year. I'm just curious whether that has had an impact on your forecast for the balance of the year and whether you are contemplating now that you've kind of cleaned up Australia, whether you looked at Europe as a potential area for capital recycling?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Great question, Bill. I would say with respect to inbound international travel, it's probably neutral to up a bit. We are happy from our perspective to see the dollar weaken a bit because we do think we'll see more inbound travelers. With respect to Europe generally, as you know, Europe contributes roughly 2.5% of our EBITDA on an annual basis, and we are invested through a joint venture with two really terrific partners, the Government of Singapore, and APG, and it's been a great relationship. We've been in the Euro JV since 2006. That said, we are evaluating the way forward in Europe, and a couple things can cause one to stop and think, well, cost of capital in Europe is  appears to be much more aggressive than it is in the U.S. So, frankly, it makes it more difficult for us to compete. And we start with that premise, and we'll take it from there.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. That's it from me. Thank you.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. Just first I want to ask a follow-up on Moscone. The Group booking contribution from Moscone is just marginally better in 2018 than it was in 2017, so I'm just curious, I know it's early, but is it your sense that San Francisco could commence a recovery in RevPAR as early as next year? Or is your sense that 2018 could be more of another year of, call it, transition, before we really get into that period of 2019 and 2020, where the Moscone bookings are quite strong?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Jeff, I would  I would agree with the latter comment that you made. I think that as we look at city-wide events in San Francisco for 2018, it is not as strong as 2017 or 2016. We really start to see Group room nights come back on the books in 2019. 2019 is the year when we're likely to see performance levels in total Group room nights of 2016.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's helpful. And then  and then, just another question on the expense growth. I mean, it's been pretty low this year. Can you maybe talk about how much longevity you feel there is to holding expense growth low? Is that going to be isolated to 2017, and pretty persistent to 2018, if you think RevPAR, you know, kind of remains around this 1% to 2% level? And I guess, maybe a second part to that. We had estimated some of the synergies that you guys might face from the Marriott Starwood combination to ultimately approach call it 50 basis points to 100 basis points cumulative on margins over the next few years. Do you think that's a reasonable estimate of the tailwind you could get from Marriott Starwood?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Jeff, to answer your first question is it sustainable? We're working really hard at making it sustainable. As we mentioned, we have completed time and motion studies at a number of the hotels in the portfolio. We're continuing to roll those studies out throughout the portfolio to improve productivity and improve margin on a regular basis. So Greg also mentioned that when he talked about other avenues that we're taking along with our managers to enhance productivity like how you schedule housekeeping rooms and the Green Choice. I mean, we're looking for continuous and working with our managers to find new initiatives that's going to allow us to be more productive in our hotels and keep costs down. Answering your question regarding the impact of the Marriott Starwood merger going forward, I don't think that your assumption is unreasonable at all. Over the next two years to three years as the companies are fully integrated we will likely see benefits top line as well once the rewards programs are fully integrated, hopefully by the end of 2018. So when I look at margin performance I think it's difficult in many ways to separate margin performance from RevPAR performance. So all in all we feel really good about what's happening with the Marriott Starwood integration and the fact that the Marriott is managing 81% of our rooms.
Jeff J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From UBS we turn next to Robin Farley.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Two questions. One is just looking at your change in RevPAR guidance for the year it mostly has sort of gone up by the amount of the beat in the second quarter just at the midpoint. So how should we think about  is your outlook for the second half pretty much the same as what you thought it was a quarter or so ago? Is that the best way to think about that? And then I have another question. Thanks.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Robin. This is Greg. Yeah, I think that you're generally right that our increase in  if you look at the midpoint of our RevPAR guidance increasing nearly 38 basis points, it's primarily because of the success that we've had in the both the first and second quarter beating our internal forecast. And I think we pretty much sitting here today have a similar outlook for the second half of the year.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just in the opening comments, Jim, you'd mentioned that you've like looked at some opportunities that didn't meet your IRR standards, and can you give us a sense of just what type  were they portfolios, or individual property similar to the Don and the W acquisitions you've made, where they just sort of individual properties, and is it that there were other bidders that, you know, had a lower cost of capital or something?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, I'm not certain that  Robin, I don't think I said that the other bidders had a lower cost of capital. I think, we're very comfortable with our cost of capital, and that puts us in a position to compete, to create accretive value over time, and we underwrite for that perspective. So, they were not portfolios, they were single asset deals, and we spent a lot of time in one in particular, we were very close on it, and frankly, as I mentioned earlier in a response to, I think, a question that Michael raised, when a buyer can go out and borrow at very attractive rates  I'm sorry, in order to go out and borrow very attractive rates or high proceeds levels, yes, they change their mind. And they decide they want to own the asset, I think for many of the same reasons that we continue to be cautiously optimistic about where we're going.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's question and answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Risoleo for closing remarks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. As I said earlier, we are pleased with our solid results, earnings fee, and 2017 guidance range across the board. We look forward to providing you with more insight into the remainder of 2017 on our third quarter call this fall. Have a great day, and enjoy the rest of your summer.
Operator: And this does conclude today's presentation. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President James Risoleo - President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Larson - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Robin Farley - UBS Securities LLC Michael Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, maam.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Christina. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter 2017 earnings call. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer will provide an overview of our first quarter results, discuss our recent transaction, and conclude with our outlook for 2017. Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our first quarter performance by markets, discuss our margins, and the balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Jim.
James Risoleo: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Hosts first quarter results. As reported this morning, we had a solid first quarter that performed above our expectations from both a top and bottom line perspective. Operating results benefited from the inauguration in Womens March in Washington D.C. as well as the Easter holiday shift, which positively impacted March performance. We also took a number of steps to bolster our company in the first quarter, underscoring our disciplined approach to capital allocation and portfolio management. We acquired two high-quality hotels, the Don CeSar and W Hollywood, which further improved our iconic portfolio of assets. Both properties immediately fall into the top of our portfolio and RevPAR and EBITDA for key metric, and our stronger examples of the types of value enhancing growth opportunities we are pursuing. Subsequent to quarter-end, we disposed of the Sheraton Memphis for $67 million, and assets that we believe will underperform the rest of the portfolio, as a RevPAR of less than $100 and will require greater CapEx going forward. We also entered into a contract to sell the Hilton Melbourne South Wharf effectively ending our investment activity in Australia and New Zealand. This summer has significant money at risk and we plan to close sometime during the second quarter. We have no plans to reenter the region. As Greg will go into in greater detail, we continue to demonstrate the strength of our investment grade balance sheet. We completed a 3.875% $400 million seven-year senior notes offering, which fills a gap in our maturity schedule and provides us flexibility to deal with multiple opportunities in economic environment. Organizationally, we formed the Enterprise Analytics group, which contributed to the successful execution of P value-add activities during the quarter and helped drive strong margin improvement and profitability growth. Speaking of operations, let me provide some insight into our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $367 million for the quarter, an increase of 6.4% and exceeded both our expectations and consensus estimate. Comparable hotel EBITDA growth was slightly higher, increasing 6.5%. First quarter adjusted FFO per share was strong, increasing 7.3% over last year to $0.44, which was also above consensus estimates. An increased level of group activity, as well as our continued focus on productivity improvement resulted in comparable EBITDA margin growth of 85 basis points in the first quarter. While we expected to see some benefit from the Easter holiday shift, group average rate was strong and transient demand was better than anticipated. As a result, on a constant currency basis, comparable hotel RevPAR improved 3.4% in the quarter, as a result of a $2.4% increase in average rate, occupancy improving 80 basis points to 75.8%. For the quarter, comparable hotel revenues increased 3.1%. As mentioned, our group business benefited from both the inauguration and the Easter holiday shift, with group revenue of 9.1% in the quarter, based on average rooms sold per night and leap year adjusted. This was a result of strong increases in both demand and rate up 4.7% and 4.2%, respectively. Interestingly, January group strength was based more on grade, which Marchs group performance was more a result of strong demand improvement. In January, group rate increased 8.6% with demand up 1.3%, driven mainly by the inauguration in our Washington D.C. hotels. In March, we saw group revenue increased over 14%. This time a result of demand increasing nearly 10%, an average rate over 4%. Despite the strong group results, and as we expected, group booking activity weakened as we move throughout the quarter with new group room nights being booked in the quarter for 2017, down 3% versus last years bookings. As a result, group revenue on the books for 2017 declined by 30 basis points from the beginning of the year, and its now 1.7% versus last year. This excludes our three hotels in Brazil. Not surprisingly, the significant increase in group business in January and March had a limiting impact on transient demand in those months. Overall, we saw a transient revenue decline of 1.7% for the quarter and a  as a 1.4% increase in average rate was offset by a decrease in transient room nights of 3.1%. Importantly, the Easter holiday is typically a strong transient leisure period. So the shift has a holiday into April had a more pronounced negative impact on transient performance in the quarter. Despite the cautious optimism we voiced on our last call, we have yet to see the special corporate transient customer return. Having said that, the rate of decline in this segment appears to be slowing. In 2016, special corporate rooms declined 3.6%. And for this quarter, volume for this segment declined only 1%. While we remain hopeful, this customer can return in growth, particularly given the optimistic consensus forecast on corporate profit and business investment, we have not yet win its material signs of this at our properties. Moving to food and beverage, the strong group performance this quarter drove banquet, catering in AV revenue, which increased 7.4%. This contributed to comparable hotel F&B revenue increasing 4.8% in the quarter. Combined with excellent cost controls, this generated a 330 basis point increase in comparable hotel food and beverage profit margin. On the investment front, as I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we have completed two acquisitions year-to-date, the Don CeSar hotel and the W Hollywood for approximately $430 million. Since we last spoke, we added the 305 rooms W Hollywood to our portfolio. We are very enthusiastic about the asset for a number of reasons. In addition to the hotel, which we purchased for $625,000 per room at a 6.25% cap rate. We also purchased 10,800 square feet of high-quality retail space and seven prominent supergraphic billboard signs for a total value of $219 million. The hotel immediately ranks in the top five in both RevPAR and EBITDA per key in our portfolio, and is essentially located in a dynamic and rapidly growing stock market of Hollywood. The surrounding area features a strong base of business in transient demand generators and serves as a hub for a thriving creative community and entertainment-related companies, such as Viacom Netflix and Paramount. We think the deal compares quite favorably on a price per key basis relative to other transactions in the market. We also were pleased to increase our exposure to the LA market, which represented only 5% of our total hotel EBITDA prior to the purchase. Having been built in 2010, the asset is nearly brand new with a limited amount of owner funded CapEx required. This was an attractive feature as was the opportunity for potential margin improvement under Marriott management. Last but not least the contract flexibility of the W. Hollywood provide significant value that we did not take into account in our underwriting. The hotel is fully unencumbered by brand and management upon sale beginning in 2021, which allows us to create value in a married of ways, including but not limited to, enhanced sale price, potential franchise conversion, fee negotiations, and/or contract trades on other assets within our current portfolio. While we are actively looking for assets that will enhance the value of the portfolio, the difficulty in predicting availability and timing prevents us from including any additional acquisition assumptions in our forecast. During the quarter, we also acquired the ground lease for the Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay Hotel for $38 million. We are excited about this deal, as it increases our flexibility on the asset either via sale our brand, but also opens up potential for numerous value-add incentives. For forecasting purposes, the Sheraton Memphis and Melbourne asset sales are the only additional dispositions included in our guidance. We continue to look to enhance the portfolio through value-add investment. During the quarter, we invested approximately $16 million on redevelopment, return on investment, and acquisition capital expenditures. As expected, we also began to see the benefits from prior year investments in this category. For the quarter, our non-comp hotels had a RevPAR increase of nearly 16%. We spent approximately $64 million on maintenance CapEx, including room renovations at the Dallas Airport Marriott and San Francisco Marriott Fishermans Wharf Hotels. For the full-year, we expect to spend between $270 million and $300 on renewal and replacement capital expenditures and $90 million to $115 million on redevelopment ROI and acquisition project. However, our 2017 capital spend to be used with a bit of an aberration, as we would expect our normal CapEx spend to be somewhat higher. Now, let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for the remainder of 2017. While we are very pleased with our results in the first quarter, we are aware that overall performance was aided by events that skewed results higher. In fact, we believe that the first quarter will be our best of the year. Like quarter one, which benefited from the Easter shift, the fourth quarter will be favorably impacted by the Jewish holiday shift from October into September and we expect it will be our second strongest quarter in 2017. That being said, the events that benefit the first and fourth quarters will negatively impact the second and third quarters, leaving our full-year outlook relatively unchanged. Despite this quarter is better than expected results, there does not appear to be compelling evidence of acceleration in RevPAR above where we initially guided. On our last call, we expressed cautious optimism this might occur, which was partially due to a positive forecast in business investment and corporate profit. It was also a function of the possibility of pro-growth legislation coming out of Washington in the back-half of 2017. Sitting here now a lot of forecast for both business investment and corporate profits remain strong, we do not anticipate any material policy initiatives providing tailwinds to our business until 2018 at the earliest. Further, and as mentioned, group booking pace appears to be weakening for 2017, with February, and March bookings in the year for the year slightly softer than last year. This trend combined with continued economic uncertainty has tempered our outlook for the remainder of the year. As a result, we are maintaining our full-year comparable hotel RevPAR range of flat to 2%. However, given our strong first quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin growth, we are increasing both the low and high-end of our full-year margin guidance to negative 60 basis points and plus 10 basis points. The impact of this is a 15 basis point improvement to the midpoint of our range and translates to a full-year adjusted EBITDA range of $1.425 billion to $1.49 billion, and an adjusted FFO per share range of $1.60 to $1.68. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in greater detail.
Gregory Larson: Thank you, Jim. As Jim mentioned, we had a strong first quarter and are especially pleased with RevPAR and EBITDA margin growth, which exceeded our expectations. Our properties in D.C. significantly outperformed our portfolio this quarter. With RevPAR growth of over 20% exceeding the startup or upscale results by 400 basis points. These results were better than we had anticipated. As we mentioned last quarter, January was a fantastic month for our properties in D.C. with RevPAR increasing approximately 75% from demand generated by the inauguration in the Womens March. RBC Market RevPAR growth was driven by an average rate improvement of over 16% and a 230 basis point increase in occupancy. On the group side, additional citywide room nights contributed to a 35% rise in group revenues on the strength of significant increases in both room nights and average rate. The strong group business provide a compression that drove transient ADR growth of 15.2% and contributed to excellent food and beverage sales, which were up 19.5%, mainly in the more profitable banquet and catering business. Having said that, citywide room nights in D.C. are expected to decline over the remainder of the year and bookings remained very short-term. As a result, we expect RevPAR to moderate in the second quarter. Our hotels in Seattle also outperformed our expectations and the rest of the portfolio with an 18% RevPAR increase in the first quarter, which was over a 1,000 basis points above the STAR upper upscale market result of 7.8%. The impressive results were driven equally by occupancy and average rate increases of 6.8 percentage points and 7.4%, respectively, and aided by a strong citywide calendar displacement from a competitors room renovation and the benefits from our W. Seattle hotel that was renovated last year. Group room night growth of 26% created compression allowing our managers to drive transient rate of almost 12%, while increasing food and beverage sales by over 23%. In addition, the Western Seattle is now part of a unique special corporate rate program with a local business, which benefited the hotel in the first quarter and will continue to positively impact performance going forward. We expect RevPAR growth at our Seattle properties to continue to outperform the portfolio in the second quarter. In Denver, RevPAR at our hotels grew 13% in the quarter, driven by a 1% increase in average rate and a 7.6 percentage point growth in occupancy. The RevPAR increase at our properties exceeded the STAR upper upscale results by 910 basis points, which is partially a product of several competitors undergoing room renovations this quarter. Group revenues growth in this market was strong, up 24.8% and contributed to the food and beverage revenue increase of more than 66% predominantly in the more profitable banquet and catering business. That said, we expect a lack of citywides in the second quarter to temper the RevPAR growth demonstrated in the first quarter. San Diego was again one of the top performing markets, as RevPAR growth in the first quarter increased to 11.3%, driven entirely by an increase in average rate. Four additional citywides in the market resulted in a 15.8% increase in group revenues, which created compression and yielded an increase in transient average rate of almost 12%. The additional citywides were not the only contributors to the outperformance, a strong in-house group business and continued market share gains at the Coronado Island Marriott post renovation proved beneficial as well. It is also worth noting that our RevPAR result exceeded the STAR upper upscale market growth by 320 basis points. Although, we do not expect RevPAR growth to continue at the same pace as the last several quarters, we do anticipate that RevPAR growth at our assets in the mark will outperform our portfolio in 2017. Over the next couple of years, the San Diego market has some of the lowest expected supply growth, which bodes well for future performance. Now, Ill provide some color on some of our more challenged market. RevPAR at our hotels in San Francisco declined 6.3% in the first quarter, largely due to a difficult comp, given the Super Bowl last year. Renovations at the Moscone Convention Center and our rooms renovations at the Marriott Fishermans Wharf. Going forward, we anticipate hotels in San Francisco will continue to struggle, as the Moscone Convention Center is scheduled to be completely closed in the second and third quarters, negatively impacting all hotels in the Bay Area. However, keep in mind that once the expansion project at the Convention Center is complete in 2018, we expect citywide to return to San Francisco and business that follows to in a meaningful way in 2019. In New York, RevPAR decreased 3.9% in the first quarter, with an occupancy decline of 1.7 percentage points, at an average rate reduction of 1.8%. Not surprisingly, supply continues to impact our ability to drive rate. We have also noted that European travel to the city continues to be weak due to the strong U.S. dollar and residual effects from the impact from Brexit. As we stated in February, based on our information on the market, we expect RevPAR growth at our hotels in New York to continue to be challenged in 2017. Our hotels in Florida had a RevPAR decline of 0.4% in the first quarter, as the market continues to be negatively impacted by weaker group and leisure activity. Occupancy decreased 2.1 percentage points, but on a positive note that was offset by an average rate increase of 2.2% In the short-term, we expect our hotels, the Board that will benefit from the Easter shift in April. This should help our Florida assets outperform the portfolio in the second quarter. Moving to international operation, our consolidated international hotels first quarter RevPAR declined 7.1% in constant currency. This is primarily due to the underperformance of our hotel  of our properties in Brazil. The continued weakness in Brazil was a function of economic issues and increased supply. However, our performance there was partially offset by the strong performance of our two Canadian assets. RevPAR in our hotels in that part of itself in Canada grew 3.9% with constant currency. Our Calgary Marriott has a strong corporate group and contract business that helped boost performance this quarter. Looking ahead, in the second quarter, we expect the story of these two countries to continue, outperformance in Canada and underperformance in Brazil, which is a continued weakness in Brazils economy in the difficult times related to the business leading up to be a Olympic last summer. Shifting to our European joint venture, the portfolio showed signs of recovery this quarter, especially in markets severely impacted by terrorist attack at the end of 2015 and first quarter 2016. On a broader macro level, we are seeing improving GDP forecast across Europe. RevPAR for the 10 hotels in the portfolio improved 8.2% in constant euros, with occupancy growth of 4.7 percentage points with an average rate increase of 0.7%. This performance was driven by strong corporate group demand at several properties, as well as increases in contract revenues through the addition of airline group. The group volume strength contributed the growth in food and beverage revenue of about 17%, most of the which came in the form of profitable banquet and catering business. Going forward, we are encouraged by the positive signs in Europe and expect that RevPAR growth at these hotels for the full-year will outpace our comparable hotel results. We continue to be impressed by the efforts and results of our managers and asset managers that bring more profit to the bottom line. In the first quarter, we increased EBITDA margins by 85 basis points, driven by outstanding productivity improvements throughout the hotels, notably from excellent cost containment in food and beverage department. Food and beverage margins improved 330 basis points. We continue to focus on productivity improvements through our time and motion studies, which we have rolled out at our medium and small hotels. As we have already seen at our large properties, our managers have made structural changes to processes and procedures enabling them to more effectively schedule labor, on-demand, and minimize excess staffing thereby reducing costs and increasing productivity. With the benefit of one quarter behind us with these products  productivity savings in mind, we expect RevPAR growth of 2% will translate into a 10 basis point increase in margin expansion as opposed to the previous assumption break-even margins we guided to on our last earnings call. In April, we paid a regular first quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents the yield of 4.2% on our current stock price. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility and believe we have one of the best balance sheets in the lodging REIT and overall REIT space. Importantly, key competitor is strategic advantage enhances our ability to sustain the dividend throughout the lodging cycle, while also allowing us to invest when accretive opportunities arise to either buy assets, buy back stock, or reinvest in a high-yielding value-add projects. In March, we issued $400 million of Series G senior notes due April of 2024 at an interest rate of 3.875%. This transaction filled our gap in our debt maturity schedule and demonstrated the continued strength and flexibility of our investment grade balance sheet. Part of the proceeds were used to repay $250 million that have been drawn under the revolver portion of our credit facility, while the rest remains available for general corporate purposes. We ended the first quarter with approximately $411 million of cash and $784 million of available capacity remaining under the revolver portion of our credit facility. Today, our leverage ratio is 2.6 times, is calculated under the terms of our credit facility. As Jim noted in his remarks, we have increased the midpoint of our margin guidance for the year and maintained our RevPAR guidance from our prior earnings call. In addition to the change in our margin assumption, our guidance now includes the loss of EBITDA related to the two asset sales we announced today and an increase in EBITDA from better than previously estimated profit to be generated from reposition, non-comparable hotels. The interest expense from the issuance of the new $400 million Series G notes and the repayment of $250 million of the credit facility equates to the loss of approximately $0.1 of FFFO per share and explains while the midpoint of our our revised adjusted FFO per share guidance is a $1.64 compared to the $1.65 midpoint we articulated in February. Finally, I would urge you to keep the impact of the holiday shift in mind. As second and third quarter RevPAR results are anticipated to be significantly weaker than the first quarter with a rebound expected in the fourth quarter. Looking specifically to the second quarter, we expect nearly 29% of our total EBITDA for 2017 will be generated in that quarter. Overall, were pleased with our strong results today, particularly with the improving profitability of our assets when continues to be a competitive market and lower growth environment. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from Smedes Rose [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you. Jim, it sounds like in your prepared remarks that group demand declined maybe more than you had expected over the course of the quarter. And Im wondering if the  and your assumption is to get to zero RevPAR for the year, if you are assuming that same pace of decline, or do you expect that to kind of flatten out? And I guess, really kind of the  my question is, how confident are you that you can, at least, achieve a zero or flat RevPAR growth and not go into negative territory?
James Risoleo: So I think, we are very thoughtful in our reevaluation of our prior forecast. I would tell you that we expected as we move through the quarter that group would weaken. As you may recall, we started the year with group up 2%. We saw a strengthening in February to 3%, and then we saw it weakening down to 1.7%. At this point in time, I think, were comfortable with providing our guidance of 02% RevPAR growth. I think if you step back and look at the comments with respect to the first quarter, the fourth quarter and the respective holiday shift. Second and third quarter is really going to be weak; but as we looked at group booking pace, we took that into account and thats why we have affirmed our guidance for the year.
Gregory Larson: Yes, and Smedes, if you look at that, the same thing sort of happened to us last year too, right. We started with group revenues on our books at one level and then as we moved throughout the year, the groups that booked sort of in the year, for the year were a little bit weaker than the prior year. And so, as a result, the group revenues that we had, group still outperformed transient in 2016; but the group level at the end of the year was just lower than where we started. So, as Jim mentioned, right, we started the year at 2% on the group side and when we gave guidance of 0% to 2%, we were certainly expecting that the bookings in the year, for the year would be a little bit weaker and would bring that group revenue numbers down.
Unidentified Analyst: All right thank you. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Well take our next question from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning guys. Just a bit more on the group piece decline. Are you seeing that concentrating at any hotels or any markets? And do you think meeting planners are just a bit more cautious given some of the policy uncertainty were seeing?
James Risoleo: I dont think its any market in particular, right. I mean when we looked at it, again we had certain markets that were quite strong this year, this quarter. Yes, Im looking at it as Im talking to you now; I dont think its in any particular market.
Anthony Powell: All right and -
James Risoleo: Go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Well, I was going to say some of the other reads are saying that they are attempting to replace some  this lost group or corporate transient with things like LNR business, associations, contracts. Is that available to you and are you pursuing that strategy?
James Risoleo: Anthony, it is available to us. And in fact thats just a strategy we took last year. Where we had holes in occupancy because the high-end business traveler didnt show up, we were able to fill in with either lower rated group or more Government and other lower rated business and thats the same strategy were pursuing this year.
Gregory Larson: Yes, in fact Anthony, if you  just to build on what Jim just said, I mean if you think about it, our occupancy ended here in this first quarter at 75.8%. For our first quarter occupancy, youd have to go all the way back to the first quarter of 2000 to see a higher occupancy level. So, again its pretty easy in this environment to replace the business with other business; but as we talk about before, right, I mean what we would love to see at some point this year is to see the corporate, special corporate customer come back and the business traveler to come back, because at that point we would be able to have a higher rated customer. There would be a positive mix shift and then we could produce a higher rate growth and therefore higher RevPAR growth.
James Risoleo: Just to reaffirm what we said on the first quarter call, we discussed this very topic with respect to the fact that special corporate have not shown up. We indicated we were cautiously optimistic that they in fact would show up. And thats based on the forecast for business investments and the forecast for corporate profit. But the simple fact of the matter is, is that we havent seen that happen today and thats another reason why weve elected to keep our guidance in 02%.
Gregory Larson: Yes, I think thats the good news Jim and others is that, even though there certainly are some forecasts as Jim mentioned, corporate profits looks strong, business investments looks strong, our group revenues are sitting here up at 1.7%, which is sort of near the high-end of our RevPAR guidance. I think we ignored a lot of those positives and just really focused on the fact that supply is increasing at touch this year. And like I said, we ignored those positives in giving guidance of 0% to 2%.
Anthony Powell: Got it, and there is one more quick one for me. Do you have a year-to-date RevPAR growth number which is including April?
Gregory Larson: For April, you know were expecting because of the holiday shift. Were expecting actually April for us that actually have a decline in RevPAR.
Anthony Powell: Right.
Gregory Larson: But we havent finished the month yet, so 
James Risoleo: We dont have the final data in, so its not something that were in a position to provide.
Anthony Powell: Got it, all right. Thanks a lot for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Well take our next question from Patrick Scholes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Patrick Scholes: Hi good morning. Just when looking at your performance for San Francisco in 1Q negative six, is it fair to assume that as the  is it fair to assume for 2Q that things could actually be worse than negative six for you?
James Risoleo: Patrick, when we think about San Francisco, obviously our hotel are down 63 [ph] was worse than the SAAR data for the industry. So, because of that I actually think our Q2 could be slightly better than our down 63. You might be right though, for the industry could be a little bit weaker in Q2 than in Q1. I do think that that at least based on our group booking pace, you know our best quarter of the year at least in our forecast when we think about San Francisco is actually Q3.
Patrick Scholes: Okay and then just one follow up question if I may. Just for overall, not just San Francisco, but overall for 2018 group, how are you feeling about that, I think last quarter you mentioned that the group revenues pace for 2018 is looking very strong. How do you feel now?
James Risoleo: You know, we have seen continued strength in 2018 pace. However, we think its too early to really provide any guidance. Its too early in the year and what weve  if history repeats itself which it likely will, there will be some slippage in terms of whats on the books today. I would tell you the numbers today looks pretty good.
Gregory Larson: Very good.
James Risoleo: Very good, very good; but its not a number that were prepared to discuss.
Patrick Scholes: Okay, fair enough, thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good morning guys. Maybe just to stick with the whole group conversation sort of in the year, for the year pattern, just curious if you could give us a little bit more color, it seems like some operators out there have actually entered the year with the strategy of trying to group up to gain some visibility just given how  just how challenging the demand environment has been in the last couple of years. But in most cases it seems like you knew that in the year, for the year would be tough to come by and now it is. Im just curious if you can kind of help us think about like why cant you source more group business and maybe even just try and push with this given that you kind of know or that you expected the environment to be a little bit softer.
James Risoleo: Yes, thats a great question Shaun. We had a meeting with our major operator Merlin International over the last couple of weeks to discuss group booking pace. I will tell you that we have today 85% of the group business is on the books for 2017. And I think that there is a general strategy that if we can find group business in an attractive price point that we will take it today. Now that said, if you think back to the trend that weve seen over the first quarter where we started it, two went to three, and were down at 1.7, these are said and done sometime, but its something that were keenly focused on.
Gregory Larson: Yes, Jim, I think thats 85% of the group business that we ultimately think that were  sorry that was like  its a good number. You know, I also think, Shaun, you mentioned that the group bookings are I think you said very weak. I wouldnt go that far. Again, I think were still booking group business at a descent clip. It just happens to be year-to-date were booking and thats just slightly lower clip than we did last year; but were still booking. There is still group business to be booked and frankly the groups that were booking now are pretty high quality groups. I mean if you look at our first quarter, our food and beverage growth is quite strong. In my comments I talked about our banquet business has been quite strong. Were starting to charge groups for room rentals and that profit just drops down to the bottom line. So, I think were still booking; were just booking a touch, at a rate thats a touch less than last year.
Shaun Kelley: Okay, yes, Im sorry if I mischaracterized that. Thank you very much.
James Risoleo: Yes.
Gregory Larson: Yes.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Chris Woronka: Hey, good morning guys. Jim I was hoping maybe you can elaborate a little bit more on the food and beverage margin improvements, because its a pretty big deal to the bottom line and I think you said youve done it in your small and medium sized hotels. And so, how should we think about the opportunities across the rest of the portfolio going forward?
James Risoleo: Well, I think that there are a couple of things that drove margin improvements in general this year, Chris. And then Ill come back to your question regarding food and beverage. We have been time motion studies throughout the portfolio and those studies are not done yet, but we have really gone through the bigger hotels and weve rolled out the same process now to our smaller hotels. So what has driven our margin performance by and large is productivity gains and productivity gains both in hotel operations i.e. rooms productivity and undistributed, as well as food and beverage. Food and beverage productivity or food and beverage margin gain this year is up 330 basis points, thats a combination of just the sheer increase in volume, but also in very strong productivity gains and really a decrease in food and beverage cost.
Gregory Larson: Yes, you know Jim mentioned the time motion studies, as you know Chris, we completed those time motions or we were completing them last year with our big hotels and whats happened here in the first quarter is, some of the time motion studies that we completed throughout 2016, you know in first quarter obviously were getting all the benefits from those time motion studies and in first quarter of last year we probably hadnt fully implemented them. And then combine that with the fact, as Jim said, that this year were starting to implement some of those studies on our medium and small hotels. So, in the second half of the year well get the benefit from that as well.
Chris Woronka: Okay.
Gregory Larson: And Chris, the final thing and you know this, the one thing that always helps out margins and Jim sort of mentioned it, is strong revenue growth, right. So, when you have strong F&B growth thats helpful, and then especially when it comes from the higher-margin business, the banquet business, thats also very helpful.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: And well take our next question from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Thomas Allen: Its been almost six months now since the Marriot-Starwood deal closed. Can you just give us your updated thinking on potential there? And I think Marriots Investor Day in March, they talked about rolling out some better procurement and other cost saving plans in the next few weeks, so is that something you guys start benefiting from?
James Risoleo: I think what were trying  we will definitely see benefit from the Marriott-Starwood acquisition. Were looking forward in a number of different places, Tom. First and foremost, I think that it is immediate as the travel agent costs with respect to the OTA. Marriott had a much stronger deal than Starwood did, with Expedia and Booking.com and we expect that that is going to benefit us over the course of 2017 and 2018. Another area that we feel we will see benefit over time, does relate to procurement cost. The sheer size of the combined company will enable Marriott to drive a better deal for a good to be provided to the hotel. Lastly, we continue to see Marriot make improvements in operations, they are running the properties tighter than Starwood did, so were optimistic that that should continue to flow through to us and better margin performance as we move forward. On the other side of it, you didnt ask the question for sake [ph], but I think that the fact that Marriott has a fantastic sales engine, group sales engine is going to benefit us going forward, as well as the combination of the two rewards programs which when combined will have over 100 million members and theyre adding about 1 million members a month. So all-in-all, were very happy about the Marriott-Starwood acquisition. Going back to the rewards program alone, I mean, Marriott  this will impact the rewards program. Marriott is in the process of negotiating a new credit card deal, which we think will benefit us as well to lower credit card commissions. So those are some of the things that were looking at as we move throughout 2017 and into 2018.
Gregory Larson: Certainly tailwinds for us both in 2017 and 2018.
James Risoleo: Yes, absolutely.
Thomas Allen: Is it okay to take from what you said that the margin outperformance during the first quarter wasnt really  it was more your own channel for measures and any kind of Marriott-Starwood synergy measures and so the opportunities
James Risoleo: I think thats right Tom. I mean it really was the effect of our  and we work very closely with our operators and we worked hard together to drive productivity improvements and to keep a tight lid on food and beverage costs. You know our time motion studies that we implemented at the hotels have been meaningful and weve seen a meaningful uptick in productivity to allow us to outperform on the margin perspective to the tune of 85 basis points in EBITDA margin increase in first quarter.
Thomas Allen: Again, just a follow-up, your transaction in the quarter had mixed messages around whether you are trying to diversify away from Marriot, how are you thinking about the need to diversify?
James Risoleo: Which transaction are you speaking of?
Thomas Allen: Its more talking cheap bread, you bought the W Hollywood some more Marriott exposure there and then you bought the Don CeSar, so sold that and then you sold Hilton, so I was just  it didnt seem like there was any, there was nothing suggesting a strategy to move away from Marriott exposure?
James Risoleo: No, I dont think theres a strategy to move away from Marriott. As I said, we are very comfortable and think that they are  they are the best is the space. I mean they were great before Starwood and now with their increased scale for a number of the reasons that I mentioned just a moment ago, were very comfortable with Marriott and we love the relationship we have with them. I think when we think about acquisitions and dispositions, every deal we do, whether its a sale or an acquisition is with an eye toward enhancing shareholder value. And when we think about diversity, we think more about geographic diversity. As we look at balancing the portfolio among various markets and not necessarily looking at brand at the outset.
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Rich Hightower: Hey, good morning guys.
James Risoleo: Hey, Rich.
Rich Hightower: Two questions here, the first one is on margins, really quickly. I dont know if I caught this in the prepared remarks, but can you give us a sense of what the better-than-expected mix shift in the first quarter did to our margins in the first quarter relative to initial expectations? And then how margins alongside sort of its in RevPAR across the quarters that you mentioned, how margins will progress as well for the rest of the year?
Gregory Larson: Hey, Rich, this is Greg. I dont know if it is a much of a mix shift, its just when our RevPAR growth is stronger-than-expected, which obviously occurred in the first quarter with 3.4% RevPAR and if you look at our domestic hotels 3.8% RevPAR and thats always helpful on margins, right, and so I think that that certainly helps our margins. I think when you think about the quarter is going forward, you can think about that comment, in quarters where were predicting very low and maybe no RevPAR growth, like Q2 and Q3 in aggregate, than you should assume margin will actually decline in those quarters. On the other hand, where we mentioned in our comment, we think RevPAR will rebound in fourth quarter and if that occurs and then obviously that will be better margin performance in that quarter than in Q2 and Q3. I think the good news overall, obviously we had a great quarter on the margin front in the first quarter and thats why were able to comfortable increase the midpoint of our margin guidance by 15 basis points.
Rich Hightower: Yes, that is helpful Greg. And then the second question here, kind of hitting back on Toms question about acquisitions and capital allocation. When you look at deals like the W Hollywood and Don, I think we all get the point that they, both of the those deals enhance average RevPAR for the portfolio, average EBITDA for each of the portfolio, but there is a risk of course that you can over pay for those sorts of things. And I just want to know kind of how you guys balance out each deal on its own in the sense that NAV accretion? And then also in a portfolio context, raising the average RevPAR for the assets in the portfolio, how you think the markets value for those right now?
James Risoleo: Well, Ill answer the first question last. I dont think its being valued fairly. With respect to the underlying quality of the assets that we have in the portfolio, when you look at the Don and the W, they are truly iconic assets that are exceptionally difficult, if not impossible to duplicate. And when we think about how we can enhance shareholder value, we take a very disciplined approach to any investment opportunity or frankly any sale that might  sale opportunity that might present itself. By looking carefully at where we are in the cycle, underwriting the asset appropriately, and taking it to account all capital needs of the property as we look out over a ten-year period of time. And solving for a hurdle rate of return to our cost of capital that is at 100 basis points to 150 basis points at a minimum and higher depending on the risk profile in the transaction. So theres a lot of fact that goes into every deal that we underwrite and every acquisition that we make as we go forward. And I think that when you look at the metrics on both of these deals, they are very unique metrics. The Holly  the W out of the box is going to be top five in the portfolio. And if you think about our hotels, another  and newer hotel, I mean the W is a new property, the Don had a significant investment, completed before we bought the hotel. But if you think about something like the W with a RevPAR that the hotel generates, that would lead to the conclusion that your owners funding CapEx is going to be relatively de minimis compared to other properties, compared to lower RevPAR hotels, compared to properties that are older, that might need more money, so theres a lot that goes into our decision on every acquisition opportunity.
Gregory Larson: Yes, Rich, I agree, obviously as Jim said, we are always looking for that 100 basis points to 150 basis points return unlevered IRR above our cost of capital. But the other thing we do is we always compare that return to buying back stock and as you know, right, last year we bought back stock with a 15 handle on it. So, even though there were opportunities in the market, last year we felt that buying back our stock with a 15 handle was a better investment, so thats what we did. And so again, if you fast forward to today, we found these two great acquisitions, the returns were good and so thats what were look at, but when we look at things, we look at returns for assets, but we also look at
James Risoleo: Alternative uses of the capital.
Rich Hightower: Yes, thats all great color guys, thank you.
Operator: Well go next to Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: Good morning everyone. Looking at the group bookings, can you comment on how in-house group bookings are looking and maybe if we would see F&B revenues close the gap versus RevPAR, and should that hang in there be a more in-house? And in particular San Francisco, how are you doing in 2Q and 3Q for the in-house?
Gregory Larson: Hey, Wes, this is Greg. So, as we said in our prepared remarks, right, of group revenues on our books today, up 1.7%, right. But what we also mentioned is, in our guidance, our assumption is as we progress through the year, even though well continue to book those at a pretty decent pace, the pace will be slightly lower than the pace that we booked through the last year, and so that 1.7% growth in group revenues well over throughout the rest of this year should end up trending lower. So that is sort of how we  Im sorry.
Wes Golladay: So, as I was referring to all the in-house group, I was wondering if you had  does that include the groups you assigned, that gets assigned to you from the Moscone Center through that might be down and you might be having more in-house group and then you might get more F&GB, so total PAR would be a little bit better?
James Risoleo: Hey, Wes, Im sorry, I thought you were talking about in total and San Francisco, what I just told  talked about was our entire portfolio.
Wes Golladay: Yes.
James Risoleo: If you think about just San Francisco, yes, we have, like I mentioned earlier, we have some in-house group activity in Q3. And so because of that, I think, our hotel in the third quarter should  our hotel in San Francisco should perform much better than what the performance that you witnessed here in the first quarter.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then probably to the point they would maybe better on total total par. So I mean, F&B we price at a model that been down too much for the?
James Risoleo: Well, the interesting thing about San Francisco is even though our hotels in San Francisco had a decline of 6.3%. We actually had at the Marriott Marquis and San Francisco, we actually had a very strong group that generated very strong food and beverage growth for that hotel.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well take our next question from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. And I dont know if you commented on this at the beginning of a call because I had to miss part at the beginning. But have you sort of given guidance on whether you expect on a full-year basis to be a net buyer, or seller of assets this year?
James Risoleo: Robin, its a great question, and we didnt comment on it. I think that we are very cognizant of some of the tailwinds that the lodging sector is going to face, given some supply considerations that were looking at for 2017 and 2018. And also did add spreads on potential acquisition as we look at the landscape out there. So I dont have a definitive answer for you today, because we are, as Greg mentioned before, in addition to having the ability to acquire hotels, we will also opportunistically sell hotels. And if the stock price drops to a level, where we feel the right decision is to buy back shares, well certainly do that. So, as I mentioned, the  our guidance for the balance of the year includes the two dispositions, the sale of share to Memphis and the sale of their home in Melbourne, and it includes the acquisitions we completed year-to-date. We have not included any further sales, or dispositions in the guidance.
Robin Farley: Okay. All right. Thanks. And then maybe also, I dont know if you made comments on. When you look at your solid branded property, are you seeing an improvement there in index? And do you think its coming from Marriott Board members? Is that where youre seeing occupancy coming from? And sort of the second part of that question would be, are you seeing impact on your Marriott branded hotels in the same market? In other words, is there to what degree is there maybe some occupancy being shared now with this reward program?
James Risoleo: We havent seen  thats a great question. We havent seen any deterioration in yield index on the Marriott Hotels. And the given the group sales engine that Marriott has in-house, which is very powerful, we would expect to see more RevPAR index improvement on some of our bigger shares in hotels going forward.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
James Risoleo: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mike Bellisario with Robert W. Baird.
Michael Bellisario: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just a quick question on the moving parts and guidance. Can you quantify how much Memphis and Melbourne are impacting the full-year EBITDA range? And then what sort of benefit the ground lease buyout might have in those figures doing them? Any run rate figures would be great as well?
Gregory Larson: Hey, Michael, its Greg. Yes, if you look at the two dispositions, I mean, obviously, because we increased our margin guidance for the year, and we mentioned that our non-comp forecast for the year is stronger today than what it was a quarter ago. That would lead you to believe that our EBITDA guidance should be higher. The reason why the top-end remained the same is, because were now baking in taking into account these two dispositions and those two assets combined probably reduced our EBITDA by about $10 million or $11 million.
Michael Bellisario: And then any benefit from the ground lease acquisition?
Gregory Larson: Look, as you know, ground leases are usually low cap rate acquisitions. I mean, as Jim mentioned in his comment, lots of good reasons to do it, adds a lot of flexibility to that hotel, and gives us a lot of really nice options going forward. But thats such a small acquisition at a lower cap rate, theres not much impact to that.
Michael Bellisario: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session, Mr. Risoleo. At this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
James Risoleo: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to provide you with more insight into how 2017 is playing out on our second quarter call this summer. And Im sure, Ill see a lot of you and NAREIT in New York. Have a great day.
Operator: And this concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore Group LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Cathy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts' fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Jim Risoleo, our President and Chief Executive Officer will begin by providing some thoughts on his transition, then will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year results, discuss our recent transaction, and conclude with his outlook for 2017. Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter performance by markets, margins, balance sheet, and our guidance for 2017. Following their remarks, will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss Host's fourth quarter and full-year results. I'll begin by saying how honored and humble I am to lead this great company. Not only do we have an incredible portfolio of iconic and irreplaceable hotels, but we have some of the brightest, innovative and hardworking professionals in the industry. I am excited to help take Host to the next level alongside them. I would also like to thank Ed Walter for everything he has done for Host over the past decade. Personally, I would like to thank him for his friendship over the past 20 years and wish him all the best. In my first two months at the helm, I have had the privilege to meet with many of our employees, investors, analysts, and operating partners. Many, if not all of them, have asked the same question. How will Host be different going forward? It's an important question, but before I can answer that, I think it's worth reaffirming what remains the same and why I am so confident in our future. First, we will continue to own the most geographically diverse portfolio of irreplaceable hotel real estate in the industry. Second, we will continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, providing us a flexibility to navigate the inherent volatility of our business over the course of the cycle. Finally, we will continue to take advantage of our scale, both on the acquisition front where we have a competitive advantage to pursue large complex transactions and in analytics where we can utilize our wealth of property information to mine and create value for our stockholders. We are in the early stages of assessing the organization and its strategic direction. I'm actively reaching out to all stakeholders to gain an understanding of their perspective on Host and what it is they would like to see from the company going forward. I look forward to speaking with many of you over the next several months to receive your input and help shape my perspective as we work to refine and advance our strategy. Having said that, the first item we're looking to strengthen is our culture, which I believe is the cornerstone of any successful organization. For Host to continue creating long-term value for our stockholders, we believe we need to empower employees by fostering an entrepreneurial environment that is dynamic, nimble and efficient. I have been encouraged by our early efforts and believe these changes are resonating with employees. We have established an enterprise analytics group, which allows us to streamline several critical functions and enhances our ability to leverage information to create benefits for current and future investments throughout the cycle. When I refer to Host as being more nimble, I think of us as being much more opportunistic in acquiring great real estate that will enhance the quality of the portfolio and ultimately, drive the value of the company. To do so, we will be more open to investing outside our historical top 10 to 12 markets and using our strong balance sheet to pursue accretive acquisitions where we can add real value. Of course, we will remain disciplined in our approach to external growth opportunities. A great example of our acquisition strategy is the transaction we just announced this morning, the Don CeSar in St. Pete Beach. The resort is an iconic Grand Dame Floridian resort on one of the top beaches in the U.S. and was available free and clear of brand and management. While the property immediately fits into the top 20 and 10 from a RevPAR and EBITDA per key perspective, we believe there is a substantial upside to our underwriting with the installation of Davidson Hotels & Resorts as the new operator along with a targeted capital plan. And while I anticipate we will be more active on the investment front, should the economy and markets falter and our stock trade down to some of the levels we witnessed last year, you can also expect us to be prepared to repurchase shares, which is why we have also announced an additional $500 million share repurchase program this morning. I also note that whether we are evaluating new acquisitions or share buybacks, we fully intend to maintain a strong balance sheet, which we believe to be one of our core strategic tenets. Hopefully that provides you with some color on my near-term focus. With that, let's discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results. We are pleased to report a better-than-expected fourth quarter and full-year results for our company. Our results were driven by strong group and leisure demand growth, which led to the highest full RevPAR in our history. We saw outstanding margin improvement in both the fourth quarter and full year, driven by a combination of productivity improvements and lower utility costs. The lower utility costs are partially a result of the energy saving ROI projects we have implemented over the last several years. Adjusted EBITDA was $348 million for the quarter and $1.471 billion for the full year, an increase of 4.4%. Comparable hotel EBITDA growth was even better, up 5.8%. Our adjusted FFO was $0.41 per share for the fourth quarter and $1.69 year to date, reflecting a 9.7% increase over last year. Both our EBITDA and FFO results for the quarter exceeded consensus estimates. Despite the expected deceleration due to the shift of the Jewish holidays from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, results were better than anticipated. For the quarter, hotel occupancy grew 80 basis points to 75%, and our average rate grew 60 basis points. As a result, comparable RevPAR growth on a constant dollar basis increased 1.7%. For the full year, comparable hotel occupancy increased 130 basis points, and average room rate increased 1%. On a constant currency basis, full year RevPAR growth increased 2.7% to approximately $177, which as mentioned, was the highest full year RevPAR in our history. The primary driver of our results this quarter was our group business. On our third quarter call, we had anticipated a weakness in this segment due to the holiday shift, the November election, and Hurricane Matthew. Fortunately, the hurricane did not materially impact our Florida properties, and despite the election, November was our strongest month in the quarter with a 9.7% increase in group demand, and a 2.9% increase in rate. Throughout the fourth quarter, our higher rated corporate group business was our strongest segment with a 9% increase in demand. Overall, group demand increased 1.8% with a 1.3% increase in average rate, leading to fourth quarter group revenues increasing by 3.1%. For the full year, group revenues were up 4.5% as a result of demand increasing 2.1% and an average increase in rate of 2.4%. As we anticipated, the strength in group demand was partially offset by a decline in transient demand, which was a theme for most of 2016. The solid group performance in November and early December displaced mid-week transient volume. As a result, transient demand declined 1% in the fourth quarter, while rate increased 80 basis points. We continue to see positive demand growth from leisure business, but that was offset by declines in special corporate demand. For the full year, our transient business was up 1.2% as a result of a 50 basis point increase in demand and a 70 basis point increase in average rate. The solid fourth quarter group business led to favorable results in food and beverage. While fourth quarter F&B revenues increased less than 1%, profit margins increased 140 basis points. For the full year, F&B revenues increased 1.7% and margins increased 90 basis points. The margin increase is mostly related to productivity improvements and somewhat to food and beverage cost reductions. Total comparable hotel revenues increased 1.9% for the quarter. The increased group activity, combined with our continued focus on operational improvements, resulted in strong rooms flow-through. As a result, comparable EBITDA margin grew 65 basis points in the quarter. For the full year, total comparable hotel revenues increased by 2.8% with comparable EBITDA margin growth up 80 basis points. As I mentioned earlier, we acquired the 277-room Don CeSar resort and its sister property, the 70-unit Beach House Suites in St. Pete Beach for $214 million. The main resort features over 38,000 square feet of indoor and outdoor event space. The Beach House is an all suites property with rooms averaging over 600 square feet. The resort is distinct in historical architecture combined with its unprecedented location on one of the best beaches in the U.S., making it an ideal hotel for leisure, corporate and social groups. We are acquiring the resort unencumbered by brand and management. We have selected Davidson Hotels & Resorts to operate the property as an independent hotel under the Pivot Hotels collection. After the completion of a strategic renovation, working with Davidson and utilizing proprietary internal benchmarking and cost saving initiatives, we believe we can materially increase existing performance at the resort. Further, there are several ROI opportunities we did not underwrite that we believe could drive incremental value. As part of a like kind exchange with the Don, we sold the JW Marriott Desert Springs and Palm Desert, California on January 11 for $172 million which deferred a taxable gain of approximately $65 million. The property was encumbered by a long-term management agreement with Marriott and due for an extensive renovation. With a RevPAR of less than $140, materially lower than the average of our portfolio, the hotel is projected to require CapEx spending of nearly 9% of total revenues over the next 10 years, and resides in a historically volatile market where airlift is a challenge. As far as our outlook on the investments front, I think you can expect that we will be a bit more active in 2017 than we were in 2016. If fact, we are working on several other transactions and while we are not ready to announce any deal at this time, we have included an acquisition in our 2017 guidance. Again, we will be prudent in managing our portfolio and disciplined in allocating capital. You can expect us to only move forward on deals that are accretive to the value of the company. Our focus is on value enhancing growth, not growth for growth sake. We're also continuing to take an opportunistic approach to dispositions. We're very pleased with the quality and diversification of our portfolio, which we think is the best in the industry. As such, we're comfortable holding our assets unless we can achieve attractive pricing and we will be less likely to engage in a systematic asset sale program. Having said that, we are open to selling any asset, whether it be iconic or one of our prime suburban properties, if we believe it materially increases shareholder value. On the CapEx front, the company invested approximately $39 million in the fourth quarter on redevelopment, return on investment and acquisition capital expenditures. Notably, we completed the final phase of the Denver Marriott Tech Center redevelopment and the first phase of a comprehensive renovation project at The Phoenician. As I mentioned at our November Investor Day, the second phase, which includes the public and retail areas, will be renovated in the second half of 2017, during the property's low occupancy off season. Now let me briefly touch on our outlook for this year. In many ways, we entered 2017 with (16:09) the same uncertainty that we felt at this time last year. Lodging fundamentals continue to decline in 2017, as supply continue to increase, particularly in the major markets, where we have exposure and group booking pace and RevPAR continue to decelerate. However, the difference this year is that a wave of economic optimism has taken hold in both, the overall stock market and the lodging industry, with promises on material economic policy initiatives from the new administration. Unfortunately, the turnaround in the stock market and economic sentiment has not yet translated into consistently improved results for our business. Part of this has been the result of continued weakness in corporate business travel, resulting in a negative mix shift with operators, replacing high rated corporate business with lower rated corporate business, such as contract, discount or government. Given historically high occupancy, in order for RevPAR to reaccelerate, corporate business will have to return and reverse this trend. We are very pleased with our November and December results, which led to performance that was stronger than forecasted. However, we believe it is too early to determine if that was simply pent-up demand or the start of a more positive long-term trend. Our hope is for the latter, if the new administration can follow through on its proposals for lower taxes, reduced regulation and infrastructure spending. In addition, January was a very strong month driven primarily by the inauguration in D.C., but we are still in a wait and see mindset. One potential negative offset of the new administration's pursuit of growth policies is an appreciation of the dollar, which could potentially impact international demand to gateway U.S. destinations. We also could face potential demand shortfalls from the negative sentiment surrounding the administration's proposed travel ban. Another difference between now and 2016 is in our group booking pace. At this time last year, group revenues on the books were stronger than our current levels of up 2%. This is tempering our 2017 outlook. But I would point out that January bookings for 2017 were extremely strong, which we expect to push 2017 group revenue pace to nearly 3%. We have approximately 75% of 2017 group business on our books which is near record levels. And although it is still early, 2018 group revenue pace is looking very strong. We also should benefit from the tailwinds from less disruption from capital expenditure projects as spending is expected to be lower by 25% this year. Further, we have noted stronger forecast from economists on GDP, consumption, business investment and corporate profits, all of which bode well for our business. All in all, we are looking forward to getting to work in 2017 and producing another solid year of results. With that, let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our performance and 2017 guidance in more detail.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Jim. We had a very solid quarter and are especially pleased with RevPAR and EBITDA margin, which exceeded our expectations. Six of our 14 identified markets had impressive RevPAR increases ranging from 6.4% to 12%. A common theme for these markets, which included San Diego, Phoenix, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Hawaii, and Chicago was that strong group performance created compression and enabled our managers to increase transient average rate. San Diego continued to outperform the portfolio and was the top-performing market with RevPAR increasing 12% in the fourth quarter. Occupancy increased 6.5 percentage point and average rate increased 2.8% as a result of strength in both transient and group business. Importantly, our RevPAR results more than doubled the STAR upper upscale market growth of 5.4%. Our hotels in San Diego benefited from city-wides, good in-house group business and market share gains at the Coronado Island Marriott post renovation. In 2017, we expect our hotels in San Diego to outperform the portfolio. RevPAR at our Phoenix hotels grew 8.3% in the quarter, driven by a 3.1% increase in average rate and a 3.4 percentage point growth in occupancy. Our hotels' RevPAR increase exceeded the STAR upper upscale results by 420 basis points. Strong group room nights, which increased 12.4% in the quarter enabled our operators to improve transient rate by 4.2%. We expect that our hotels will continue to outperform the portfolio, partially driven by The Camby continuing to ramp up as it becomes comparable in 2017 for reporting purposes. Our hotels in Los Angeles continue to outperform the portfolio with an 8.1% RevPAR increase in the fourth quarter which has nearly tripled the STAR upper upscale market result of 2.9%. The impressive results were driven by a 5.8% growth in average rates and a 1.7 percentage point increase in occupancy. Group room nights were up 26%, creating compression that allowed our managers to drive transient rate. We expect RevPAR growth at our Los Angeles properties to moderate in 2017, as certain hotels in this market will be negatively impacted by renovation, as well as a weaker group booking pace. Our properties in D.C. also exceeded our expectations and outperformed our portfolio this quarter with RevPAR growth of 7.8%. This was driven by an average rate increase of 3.6% and a 290 basis point increase in occupancy. Strong citywide events contributed to a 13.2% increase in group revenues, which provided compression to drive improvement in transient ADR of 4.4%. As we mentioned in the last quarter, city-wides in 2017 continue to look strong for D.C., which should allow the positive dynamics we witnessed in the fourth quarter to carry over into this year. In fact, January was a fantastic month for D.C., with our hotels' RevPAR increasing approximately 75% from demand generated by the inauguration and the women's march. In addition to the city-wides I mentioned, we see additional demand from ongoing legislative activity and expect our hotels in this market to outperform our portfolio in 2017. Moving to Hawaii, our assets achieved a RevPAR increase of 7.3% this quarter, significantly beating the STAR upper upscale market growth of 0.4%. These exceptional RevPAR results were driven by robust group business at both our Maui hotels, resulting in a 15.2% increase in group revenue. This created internal compression and drove significant rate increases in both transient and group average rates of 6.7% and 7.9%, respectively. Over the next several years, the Hawaiian market has the lowest expected supply growth out of the top 20 U.S. markets, which bodes well for future performance. Based on these expectations, as well as strong group revenues on the books for 2017, we expect our Hawaiian hotels to continue to outperform our portfolio. In Chicago, our hotels increased RevPAR by 6.4% in the fourth quarter, with an ADR increase of 3.5% and occupancy gaining 2.1 percentage points. Strong in-house group and citywide room blocks helped the hotels outperform the STAR upper upscale market result by 320 basis points. Based on the lift we expect from the Chicago Marriott Suites renovation and strong city-wides in the first quarter, we expect our hotels in Chicago to outperform the portfolio in 2017. While those markets have been outperformers in the portfolio, we also have some challenged markets, which partially offset RevPAR increases. Our hotels in Houston continued to struggle in the fourth quarter, due to persisting weakness in the energy sector, increased new supply, and the fact that there were only four city-wides in the fourth quarter as compared to 13 in the same quarter last year. Collectively, these factors contributed to a decline of more than 14% in the STAR upper upscale market RevPAR for Houston. While our hotels' RevPAR outperformed the STAR market by more than 9 percentage point, the challenging conditions resulted in a 4.9% decline in our properties' debt. (25:34) Although the city hosted the Super Bowl in February, the same negative fundamentals are anticipated for 2017. So we expect our hotels in Houston to continue to underperform the portfolio. However, keep in mind that our hotels in Houston only account for 2% of our total EBITDA. In fact, a wide geographic diversification means that no single market makes up more than 11% of our EBITDA. Our hotels in Florida had a RevPAR decline of 4.7% in the fourth quarter. This market has been negatively impacted by weaker group and leisure activity. Occupancy declined 2.7 percentage points and average rate declined almost 1%. We expect our hotels in Florida to continue to be challenged in 2017. In New York, RevPAR decreased 2.4% in the fourth quarter with an occupancy increase of 60 basis points and an average rate decline of 3.1%. Supply continues to outpace demand, which when combined with lower European travel and tour business due to the strong U.S. dollar continued to negatively impact our operators' ability to drive rate. Based on our outlook for the market, we expect RevPAR at our hotels in New York to continue to decline in 2017. RevPAR at our hotels in Boston declined 1.3% in the quarter primarily due to a 1.4 percentage point decline in occupancy, offset slightly by a 0.5% increase in average rate. The business transient market in Boston is softening as demand from financial services and pharmaceutical sectors have weakened. With the possibility of decreased regulations on both sectors from the new administration, we are hoping this trend may reverse moving forward. That, combined with solid group booking and stronger in-house group business, leads us to expect Boston to outperform the portfolio in 2017. Our consolidated international hotels had a challenging fourth quarter with RevPAR down 9.5%. The decrease was primarily due to the underperformance of our hotels in Brazil. Following the strong third quarter results driven by increased demand around the Olympics, overall demand in Brazil has been weak due to the economic and political issues, as well as increased supply. In constant currency, we anticipate our international property to underperform the overall portfolio in 2017. Shifting to our European joint venture, the portfolio continued to be negatively impacted by two major macro factors, including the effect of the terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels and the political and economic uncertainty around Brexit. This led to a RevPAR decline of 1.1% this quarter in constant euro. Understandably, our hotels in Paris significantly underperformed the portfolio, while those in London, Stockholm, and Berlin outperformed. We expect our hotels to improve in 2017 driven by continued growth in Barcelona and Madrid, and an expected recovery and favorable comparisons in Paris and Brussels. An important highlight for the quarter and for the year was our impressive EBITDA margin growth. With a RevPAR increase of 1.7% in the fourth quarter, we had EBITDA margin growth of 65 basis points. On a full-year basis, our RevPAR increased 2.7%, resulting in margin expansion of 80 basis points. In addition to decreases in insurance and utility costs attributable to a combination of reduced rate and consumption as a result of our energy ROI, our focus on improving productivity at our hotels over the past few years has resulted in our operators establishing tighter labor model standards and improved and expanded forecasting tools. This has allowed our managers to more effectively schedule labor based on demand and to minimize excess staffing, thereby reducing costs. We have completed the time and motion studies at most of our largest assets and reaped the benefits in 2016, as evidenced by our outsized margin growth. The good news is that opportunities to derive benefits from additional studies at our medium and small hotels still exist, albeit at savings rates that will be lower than those achieved at our large hotels. With these productivity savings in mind, we expect RevPAR growth at 2% will result in breakeven margins. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 0.7 million shares at an average price of $15.82 for a total purchase price of $11.8 million. Since the inception of our share repurchase program in April of 2015, we have bought back 52.1 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $894 million. The share repurchase program ended on December 31, 2016, and the board of directors authorized the new program to repurchase up to $500 million of common stock depending on market conditions. In addition to our share buyback efforts in January, we paid a regular fourth quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share and a special cash dividend of $0.05 per share bringing our total dividend for 2016 to $0.85, which represents a yield of approximately 4.5% on our current stock price. Over the past 12 months, we have distributed approximately $848 million of capital to our stockholders through cash dividend and stock repurchases. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility and believe we have one of the best balance sheets in the lodging REIT and the overall REIT space. Importantly, we view this as a key competitive and strategic advantage, which enhances our ability to pay our dividend throughout the lodging cycle and allows us to invest as opportunities arise either by buying assets, buying back stock and reinvesting in high yielding redevelopment and ROI projects. We continued to maintain a strong investment grade balance sheet and ended the fourth quarter with approximately $372 million of cash. We improved our leverage ratio to 2.4 times as calculated under our credit facility and as of year end, had $788 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. Moving to our 2017 guidance, we're cautiously optimistic about 2017 and are prepared for a number of economic scenarios, which leads us to project our 2017 comparable hotel RevPAR range will be flat to up 2%. With the high end of our range at near inflation, we anticipate EBITDA margins to be flat at 2% RevPAR and down 80 basis points if RevPAR growth is flat. This translates to full year adjusted EBITDA range of $1.42 billion to $1.49 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.60 to $1.70. Keep in mind that the quarterly results will once again be impacted by the Easter and Jewish holiday shift. Easter shifts from the first quarter last year to second quarter this year and the Jewish holidays shift from the fourth quarter in 2016 to the third quarter in 2017. We expect approximately 23.5% of our total EBITDA will be generated in the first quarter. To help bridge the gap between 2016 adjusted FFO per share of a $1.69 and the 2017 midpoint of $1.65 per share, I think it is worth noting several items. First, assuming a 1% increase in RevPAR and a decline in EBITDA margins of 40 basis points, 2017 adjusted EBITDA will decline by approximately $10 million. Next, our disposition and acquisition activity will lead to a net decline of approximately $10 million. This includes the loss from operations of the 10 assets we sold in 2016, as well as the JW Desert Springs sale and the acquisitions of the Don CeSar and the unidentified hotel Jim mentioned in his remarks. Also, as we referenced on our third quarter call, the BP oil spill proceeds from last year that will not be fully repeated in 2017 reduces FFO by a net amount of $10 million. Finally, we are anticipating an increase in interest expense from our floating rate debt, as well as increased taxes due to higher leakage which results in a reduction of approximately $25 million. Offsetting these reductions is a $22 million benefit in outsized EBITDA growth from our non-comp hotels that were under major renovation or repositioning. In addition, due to our 2016 share buyback activity, our weighted average share count in 2017 is lower. The combination of these factors decreases our 2016 adjusted FFO per share from 2016 to the midpoint of our 2017 guidance by $0.04 to $1.65. Overall, we are pleased with our results this quarter, particularly with the improving profitability of our assets in what continues to be a competitive market. This includes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question.
Operator: And we'll go first to Anthony Powell from Barclays.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: First, a clarification on the EBITDA impact of the acquisitions you announced today and the disposition. If you isolate the Don CeSar, JW Marriott and the unidentified deal, what is the EBITDA total change from those three transactions?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Anthony, this is Greg. So I think if you remember from prior conversations last year, obviously, we sold 10 hotels last year for approximately $500 million. And as we talked about, those hotels generated $13 million in 2016 and that will not be replicated in 2017. So that's a minus $13 million. The acquisitions that Jim talked about today, the Don, the unidentified asset and the disposition of Desert Springs, those three things combined results in plus $3 million of EBITDA. So if you take the minus $13 million from the 2016 disposition, combine with the plus $3 million, that gives you the minus $10 million that I talked about in the bridge.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right, that's very helpful. And just going to the overall acquisition and transaction philosophy, Jim, you sold an asset and you're buying two. Are you a net buyer, or seller and how do you approach the leverage at this point in the cycle?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Anthony, I think that's a great question. We are going to be opportunistic and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we will look for transactions that create shareholder value. We are not interested in buying assets just for the sake of growth. We underwrite every transaction in a disciplined manner. We underwrite each deal to a 800 basis point increase, plus over our cost of capital and if the right opportunities present themselves, we will pursue them. That goes on the sales side as well. As I mentioned, we are not implementing a systematic sales program in 2017, but every asset in the portfolio is for sale. If we get an offer that is truly accretive to shareholder value, we're not going to be shy or bashful about pulling the trigger and selling a hotel. So to say today that we're going to be a net buyer or a net seller, I really can't  I can't give you a definitive answer on that, because I just don't know how the year is going to unfold. I will tell you that we are working on a number of opportunities and if they pencil, we would intend to pursue them, but at this point in time, the only thing I can refer to is the guidance we've given.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. That's it for me. Thank you.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question goes to Smedes Rose of Citi.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Jim, you mentioned in your opening remarks the potential fall-off in international visitation, can you remind us what does international visitation comprise out of Host's overall demand at this point?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Smedes. It's roughly 10%. And...
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Portfolio-wide demand?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Pardon.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I'm sorry. So portfolio-wide demand, 10% is driven by international visitation?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Correct
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: That is correct.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: As you realize, Smedes, I mean, certain market  it varies by market, right. New York certainly would be a market with more demand than 10% and there would be other markets with a lot less than that.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then can I just slip in one more, your acquisition of the Don CeSar, could you talk about, obviously, we can look at the per key, but what sort of EBITDA multiple or cap rate was that and where do you think its stabilizes when you've managed to exploit some of the opportunities you mentioned?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, we think that Don is a terrific acquisition. It's just the kind of asset that works for Host for a lot of reasons. First of all, it is truly iconic, it's on one of the best beaches in America. We were able to buy that asset at a price that puts it in the top 10 on an EBITDA per key basis today within our portfolio as it is. Bringing in Davidson Hotels and implementing a strategic capital plan, as well as using our proprietary internal benchmarking that we have, given our broad resort exposure, we believe is going to allow us to meaningfully increase the net cash-on-cash return and the EBITDA, as if that we're open and operating today. So roughly the going in cap rate is 6.5% to 7%. We think we can meaningfully increase that return over the next several years.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning. Jim, also in the prepared remarks, you mentioned sort of the willingness to kind of move outside of the top, I think you said, 10 to 20 markets. Could you just elaborate a little bit on that? That's not really been where many of the public, full service retail have focused, and does this mean we'd expect to see generally smaller transaction sizes versus some of the big flagship Phoenician style group properties that Host has often specialized in the past?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure, Shaun. I think it's  we're currently operating in the top 10 to 12 markets. We are prepared to look beyond those 10 to 12 markets and to opportunistically acquire assets where the opportunities are. I would point out that The Phoenician was not in one of the top 10 to 12 markets when we made a decision to acquire that asset in mid-2015. Similarly, the Don really wasn't in one of our top 10 to 12 markets, but we saw opportunity in both of those deals. Our ideal preference would be to acquire bigger, chunkier assets where we can use our scale and our information to add value. That is the focus that we're going to have going forward.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question goes to Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. Just on the guidance, could you just provide a little bit more color on some of the cost savings that you've implemented, I guess, that will occur this year in the back half that they impact next year and some of the offsets that you anticipate? Thanks.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. So I think when I think of business over long periods of time, I think, in the past, I probably would have said that, that breakeven on the margin front would have probably been at 2.5% to 3% RevPAR growth. Obviously, last year was sort of a unique and powerful year with 2.7% RevPAR growth, we are able to achieve 80 basis points in margin growth and some of that is because of the things we talked about, the time, motion studies with some of the bigger hotels, better productivity, some of the benefits we've seen on technology, we've also reduced insurance costs by over 10% and utility costs, because of our energy ROI projects reduced utilities as well. So, all those things came together to produce, really, I think record level margin growth for us with that level of RevPAR. I think, when I think about 2017, some of those things will still benefit us. We renew our insurance once a year in June and so that double-digit decline in insurance will certainly benefit us for the first six months of 2017. We continue to implement additional energy ROI projects. So even though it's sort of hard today to predict utility cost, I do think we will continue to have benefit from the energy ROI projects that will help us. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're still implementing, or we will implement this year some of our best practices from the time, motion studies and we'll start looking at some of our medium size and smaller hotels. So again, there'll be benefits on that front, but just maybe not as much as what we achieved last year. And so again, I guess, when I think about it, when I think about all those statements in general, I think to have flat RevPAR with 2% RevPAR growth is actually a pretty good outcome. The other thing I'd just mention, it's a technicality, but I think it matters, is that this year, we're comparing to last year, which was a leap year. And so, when we say 2% RevPAR growth, it's really (45:24) 1.7% revenue growth. And so, to end up with flat margins that means that the high-end of our guidance, we're only expecting 1.7% total expense growth. I think if you look at the midpoint of our guidance with RevPAR growth of 1%, we're only predicting total expense growth to be 1.25%. So again, I think it's going to be a great year with keeping costs growth low, but maybe not quite as great as last year.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then if I could sneak one other follow-up in, maybe I missed this. But maybe if you could provide bit more color on the ROI initiatives that you anticipate at the Don?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. We have a number of identified ROIs that we haven't underwritten, Stephen. And we don't have hard numbers around them right now. I can generally give you a sense of what we're looking at. As an example, we think that there's an ROI if we were to reposition the food and beverage operations. Likewise in the retail space, we think there's an ROI there. We have a parking lot at the Don that may very well have a higher and better use than as a block surface parking lot. We've been able to do that in other instances on the acquisition front that we've done over the years. So those are some of the broad things that we're looking at right now.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think I would add, and Jim mentioned that earlier today, obviously, we have some of these ROI projects that Jim just mentioned. But also, I think, because we're bringing in Davidson and because our analytics team has looked at this hotel, I think, even without those ROI projects, I think we've identified $3 million, $4 million, up to $5 million of cost savings.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Yeah. Just to get a little more color around  it sounds like you are shifting more to being acquirer of assets rather than a seller. Are you leading towards more of single assets you mentioned, some example of single asset acquisitions outside the top 10 to 12 markets or more portfolio, or actually even potentially a smaller cap REIT overall, I guess, just to think about how you think about those different options?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think we think about all the options in the same way, Robin. If the transactions are accretive to shareholder value, if they're going to drive growth, profit and value for our shareholders, we will opportunistically pursue them. So it's difficult to really go beyond that at this point in time. I think we're very open-minded, and we are going to evaluate the opportunities as we see them and as they are presented to us.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: So yesterday, there was a little bit of activity from others in the market, and if we think about a REIT that might interest you, maybe before your comments today about looking outside of the top 10 to 12 markets that you're already in, we might have thought there are certain REITs that you wouldn't be interested in. But could it be of interest to you now a REIT that is in maybe some more of those secondary markets than what you've typically looked at?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think it's premature for me to speculate on anything along those lines at this point in time.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, all righty. Thank you very much.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hightower from Evercore.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. And...
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Morning, Rich.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore Group LLC: ...sort of along similar line of questioning here. Just with respect to maybe the change in investment strategy and focus, so let's assume that hurdle rates and the spread versus your cost of capital haven't changed over time, can you give us a sense, maybe an example, a post-mortem of sorts of yields that you had looked at in the past, but maybe weren't as attractive under the old regime or the old paradigm that you think maybe would be a good fit under the new paradigm, for instance?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, Rich, that's a good question. And I just want to reiterate that we have a fantastic company here. We have a truly iconic portfolio of hotels, well diversified across the United States. We have scale and flexibility, which gives us the ability to buy larger complex deals. We have unparalleled information and insight based on the portfolio that we have in the proprietary systems we put in place. And we have a strong balance sheet, which we intend to exploit going forward within reason. We're not talking about going beyond our investment grade category. I'm looking to the future and that's where I'm focused right now.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's right. And obviously, as we mentioned today, and as Jim has already mentioned, right, that Don is a great example of an asset that's outside of the top 10, 12 markets, the Phoenician was too. In fact, both of those hotels are resorts and as you know, Rich, the nice thing about resorts when you look at supply growth over the next three years, supply growth in the resort segment is half a percent or less. So obviously, sort of very compelling to us.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Yeah. Just two questions on RevPAR. First, just a clarification, you said that January RevPAR growth was very strong. Can you actually quantify it? And then second, just on the fourth quarter transient result, you said there have been some transient weakness, was that just a result of group replacing it, or  so higher-quality business replacing it or was that some corporate demand weakness as well? Thanks.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Hey, Thomas. This is Greg. So obviously, we had a fantastic January for a number of reasons, but primarily because one of our largest markets for us is D.C., and D.C. had really a spectacular January. And so for us, our January RevPAR was north of 7%. So a great way to start off the year. I mean, that certainly beat our internal expectations and it certainly beat our managers' expectations for our portfolio. So that is a great way to start out the year. I think, when we were talking about some of that weakness in transient, I think what we were talking about, you've seen it  we witnessed this all of last year is, all of the companies including Host, we're really in a sort of record occupancy levels, we know leisure business has been very strong on the transient side, group business has been very strong, but the one customer that has been a little bit weaker is the corporate, the corporate transient customer. And so, we saw some of that weakness in October, certainly, in fact, in October of last year, we actually missed our forecast because of that. I think the good news from our perspective is after the election, both November and December were very strong for us, primarily, because the group business and some of that group business, as you mentioned, probably did display some of the transient customer, but both of those months were strong. And as Jim mentioned in his comments and as I just mentioned, January was much better than our original forecast as well.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: The other thing that's been interesting for us is just the bookings and we've talked about that a little bit. But again, when we looked at the bookings in November for 2017, they were very strong. Unfortunately, in December, when we looked at group bookings for 2017, they were weaker. So that was sort of the inconsistency that we were talking about in the comment. But again, if you fast forward to January, the bookings, the group bookings in January for 2017 were extremely strong. And that's one of the reasons why our group revenues started the year up just over 2%. As we sit here today, our group revenues on our books are up closer to 3%.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah, good morning, everyone.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Sticking with that corporate travel, what level of demand do you need to see from that customer in order to get that up-mix at the hotel?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: What's interesting about it, as I mentioned, right, our group business has been good, the leisure segment of transient has been strong. Obviously, in 2016, the weak segment is this corporate business traveler that we're talking about. But what's happened is, if you look at the average rate for that traveler, our highest rated customer and compare that to special corporate discount, there is a big rate delta there, right, between our highest rated customer and special corporate, it's about a $60 delta between our highest rated customer and our discounted segment, it's about  it's approximately a $100 discount. And so, what happened in 2016 is, even though it was very easy for Host and other lodging companies to replace that customer with other forms of business, whether it was government business, contract business, or group business, there was sort of a negative mix shift that was occurring while we were replacing our highest rated customer with the lower rated customer, and so that put pressure on rates. I think what  not to get too optimistic about 2017, but what's interesting is, if we can get that customer back in 2017 and if we can have this, a positive mix shift, I think that could be a pretty, powerful thing for 2017.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So maybe if that customer grows faster than the supply growth around 3%, should be able to get that mix?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. No. I think, look at, we already have strong occupancy. So I think if we can get customer back, I think even with the supply growth in 2017, that would look really good.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: And one other thing. Look, we're speculating on that today. It's hard to know if that customer is coming back. I do think there are a couple of metrics that we always look at that that again if they come true for 2017 will be useful for us, right. One thing we always look at is business investment and if you look at the business investment stat for 2017 compared to 2016, they are up about 350 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Same thing for corporate profits, right, corporate profits declined in 2016 and they are expected to be up over 5% in 2017. So again, on a relative basis, that could be meaningful for 2017.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think the way I would describe it is cautious optimism at this point. The forecasts are looking great, but we haven't seen it borne (57:04) on the numbers just yet.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And that's something you wait to bake in the guidance at a later point if it does occur. Did you kind of bake in in the status quo right now?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. Correct.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Correct.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning, Chris.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Greg, I guess a question for you. I want to dig in a little bit on the non-comparable hotels, is that, I think you did a $150 million of EBTIDA in 2016 which is ahead of your initial guidance. I think you're saying, $148 million to $154 million this year. But is there  is that  I guess, how much surprise does there tend to be in the year on those non-comparable hotel results?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: So the non-comp  you are referring to, when I mentioned that our non-comp hotels, we're expecting the EBITDA to increase by $22 million in 2017, is that what you are referring to?
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right, right.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. So, I think that  I think those just like any forecast, sometimes, you can beat it, sometimes, you miss it by a touch, but I think those are good forecasts. I think what's interesting about it, if you look at some of the hotels in the non-comps that, for instance, Denver Tech, and the Hyatt in San Francisco, is both of those hotels are in, what I would consider, sort of weaker markets for us this year. But because there was so much disruption last year, I think both of those hotels, Denver Tech looks fantastic, and sort of the San Francisco Hyatt, I think both of those hotels should have very strong EBITDA growth in 2017. And then, the other hotel that we're benefiting from in the non-comp set is our San Diego Marriott. The meeting space there looks outstanding, groups love the meeting space. They are booking that hotel in a very aggressive manner right now. And so, when I think about those  the hotels in the non-comp set, I think I feel very confident with that $22 million.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's great. And just follow up on the prior, I guess, question about group and tie  tie and group  try to tie the group and transient conversation up. Do you think  do you have enough capacity kind of left in 2017 in terms of  I know there was talk last year of grouping up a little bit. I mean, do you think you have enough space left during peak periods of 2017 or is some of that already consumed by group?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I mean, look, some of it is consumed, right. I mean, as Jim mentioned, if we look at our group business today for 2017, I mean, we have over 75% of that booked today, but I still think it can be important going forward that the bookings in the year, for the year are strong. I mean, if you look back to our comments about January, right, in one month, we improved our group revenue pace for the full year from up 2%, up 3%. So those group bookings in the quarter sort of in the year, for the year are still important.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: The other thing I would add, Chris, is, while group is strong, we're hopeful that as the special corporate customer comes back, that we can see positive rate shift as opposed to negative, like we saw last year.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sure. Understood, very good. Thanks, guys.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Bellisario with Baird.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning, guys. Just one quick housekeeping question. The $22 million in uplift from the non-comp hotels, is that apples and oranges with what was in the non-comp set in 2016 versus what will be in the non-comp set in 2017, because the $150 million going to $148 million to $154 million doesn't add up?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, our non-comp set that  two of our hotels that we performed work on in 2015, The Logan and The Camby, are now in our comp set, right. And so, when I think about the non-comp growth of $22 million, it excludes Logan and Camby. However, when I think about those two hotels as we mentioned last year, they're still ramping up, right. So those two hotels combined are going to produce RevPAR growth of close to $8 million and in EBITDA.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Your customer, especially at resorts, have you seen any change in demand or booking patterns from this customer, given the high levels of consumer confidence, then also maybe due to the brands' initiatives to book direct and book more prepaid rates earlier?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think you broke out. We didn't hear the beginning of that question, sorry.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: On the leisure customer, have you seen any change in demand or booking patterns given the high levels of consumer confidence today? And then any impact from the brands' booking initiatives trying to get customers to book sooner and maybe some prepaid rates earlier?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We haven't  as Jim mentioned, we really  we have some reasons to be cautiously optimistic for 2017. But we really  leisure was obviously a strong segment in 2016, so far it's been strong in 2017, but we haven't seen a material increase in that at this point.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then just lastly circling back to scale and your comments about leveraging the platform, but you said G&A to come down as a percentage of assets, as you potentially acquire more or is there an opportunity to scale that number down ahead of any potential growth opportunities?
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Michael, I think that we're just a little early in the year to address G&A. I will tell you that we're focused on how we can take what is a terrific organization and make it better and make it more nimble and more efficient. We've already undertaken a few steps early in the year by  the most prominent one to allow us to become more nimble and more efficient is to form the enterprise analytics group where we moved business intelligence, feasibility, CapEx and our corporate financial model under one individual, who is now reporting to Greg. And as we think about the organization going forward, as I have an opportunity to talk to our various stakeholders, we will just have to wait and see how the year turns out.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I agree with that and I also agree with the concept that as we buy hotels, the G&A as a percentage of our hotels and revenues will go lower. I mean, obviously, if you think about the acquisition of the Don, or this unidentified asset that Jim just mentioned, I mean, obviously, we're not going to have to hire anybody else based on those two acquisitions.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: That's correct, absolutely.
Michael J. Bellisario - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Makes sense. Thanks for the comments.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks. Operation: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Jim Risoleo, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
James F. Risoleo - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you very much. Thank you for joining us on the call today. We look forward to talking with you in the spring to discuss our first quarter results and provide you with more insight into how 2017 is playing out. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.
Analysts: Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Tony. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts' third quarter 2016 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our operations and the company's outlook for 2016. Greg will then provide greater detail on our third quarter performance by markets and our balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a solid quarter. Our operating results, given the trends the industry is experiencing, were quite good and in line with our expectations. We completed the sales of our last two New Zealand assets, continued to make progress on our redevelopment investments, and repurchased 44 million of our stock in September, breaking the year-to-date total return to shareholders to over $800 million. Looking at our operating results, adjusted EBITDA was $342 million for the quarter reflecting an increase of 5.9%. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDA was $1.123 billion, an increase of 5.3%. Our adjusted FFO was $0.37 per share for the third quarter and a $1.28 year-to-date, reflecting an 11.3% increase over last year. A strong EBITDA and FFO performance was driven by the top-line growth and margin expansion. For the quarter, our average rate grew 2.2% complemented by solid demand growth in our portfolio, as comparable hotel occupancy grew by 1.2 percentage points, allowing our comparable hotels to achieve an occupancy rate of 81.3%. As a result, comparable RevPAR growth on a constant dollar basis increased 3.8%. The primary driver of our RevPAR growth this quarter was our group segment. Our domestic hotels benefited from a 3.4% increase in group demand, all generated by a significant increase in association demand. Corporate demand was uneven in the quarter but the shift in the timing of the Jewish holidays from September of last year to October of this year led to a significant increase in corporate group during September. The net result was a 2.5% increase in average rate which was generally achieved across all of our group segments leading our domestic group revenues to increase by 6% for the quarter. Our international assets also buoyed portfolio results this quarter as our Canadian hotels benefited from strong transient demand leading to RevPAR growth of almost 15% and the Olympic Games generated a 105% RevPAR growth in our Brazil asset. Since much of our Olympic business was booked as group, our overall group business actually increased by more than 9% to the quarter. As would be expected, the strength in group demand was partially offset by a decline in transient demand which has been a theme for most of this calendar year. However, unlike the first two quarters, our hotels were able to increase rates and also push business into more highly-rated segments leading to transient rate growth of 2% for the quarter. Taking into account the decline in transient demand, our transient revenue growth was slightly less than 1%. Recognizing the trends we have been experiencing this year, we have been focused on layering in more highly-priced contract business at several of our hotels. Our contract business which is still only 5% of our total demand increased nearly 15% for the quarter and is up 17% year-to-date. The one aspect of our operations that was disappointing in Q3 was our food & beverage department as food & beverage revenues increased by just 0.3% which was roughly 2% less than we had anticipated. While F&B has been notoriously difficult to forecast, the bulk of the shortfall occurred in catering and resulted from groups being more conservative with their entertaining budgets. Our revenue actually grew by nearly 2% which was an impressive result given that transient occupancy had decreased. Offsetting some of the weakness in F&B, our other department revenues grew by a strong 10.5%. We saw a strong increase in spa revenues and an increase in attrition and cancellation fees which was largely concentrated at three of our convention hotels. Comparable hotel revenues increased 3.3% for the quarter. The increased level of higher rated group activity combined with the rate increase in our transient business as well as our continued focus on productivity improvements, resulted in strong rooms flow-through. This flow-through, plus reductions in utility and insurance expenses, contributed to our comparable EBITDA margin growth of a 110 basis points in the third quarter. Year-to-date, comparable hotel RevPAR has increased 3% in constant currency terms. Food and beverage has improved by 2.1%, and hotel revenues have increased by 3.1%. Comparable EBITDA margin growth is 90 basis points, which has generated 56% flow-through for the year which is a very solid result. An important focus of our company is actively managing our portfolio and efficiently allocating capital. Towards that goal, as I mentioned earlier, in the third quarter, we completed the sales of final two New Zealand properties for $31 million bringing out year-to-date, non-core asset sale total to approximately $500 million. We purchased this New Zealand portfolio for $190 million in New Zealand terms and received total sales proceeds in New Zealand dollars of NZD 266 million, which allowed us to achieve better than a 14.5% unlevered IRR on this investment. We are currently marketing our remaining consolidated Asia-Pacific asset, the Melbourne Hilton, and we'd hope to complete a sale during the first half of 2017. In addition, we are marketing a select few other non-core asset while we are making reasonable progress on these sales, the transactions have not yet gone hard and we do not expect any additional asset sales will be completed in 2016. On the investment front, the company invested approximately $46 million in the third quarter on redevelopment, return on investment and acquisition capital expenditures. We completed the initial phase of the Denver Marriott Tech Center redevelopment, which included newly-designed guest rooms in one of the towers, a new lobby and lounge, new fitness center and some additional meeting space. While we are pleased with the progress we have made on this project, we are slightly behind schedule due to some permitting challenges, but still expect to be completed by year-end. In addition, we have also made great progress on the first phase of the renovations at The Phoenician during the slower summer months. This phase included a complete redesign of the guestrooms, casitas and canyon suites. We are excited to have an opportunity to show you our progress at The Phoenician before NAREIT in less than two weeks. For the full year, we expect to spend $200 million to $215 million on redevelopment, ROI and acquisition projects and $300 million to $310 million on renewal and replacement capital expenditures. Now, let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for the remainder of 2016. Uncertainties surrounding the US Election and other international events lead us to believe that corporate profit growth and business investment levels will not improve meaningfully in the near term, suggesting that business transient demand will remain soft in the fourth quarter. While year-to-date, our domestic group revenues went up nearly 4%, we expect to experience a softer fourth quarter as the Jewish holiday shift and nationwide election will reduce group demand and the traditionally lower occupancies in the fourth quarter will likely restrain rate growth. Our group booking and revenue take for Q4 is only slightly positive and assuming continued short-term booking weakness could easily be slightly negative for the fourth quarter. A combination of these factors suggest that we will experience minimal RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter, leading us to conclude that our full year comparable RevPAR will increase between 2% and 2.5%. Weaker group demand and negligible revenue growth will put pressure on operating margins in the fourth quarter, reversing to some degree the strong results we have seen year-to-date. As a consequence, we expect our full-year comparable hotel EBITDA margin growth improvement to be in the range of 40 basis points to 55 basis points. This should translate to full-year adjusted EBITDA of $1.440 billion to $1.455 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.64 to $1.66. Looking ahead to 2017, as we have indicated in prior years, our visibility at this time into next year is limited as we have just started on our detailed operating budget process. There are a number of factors that will influence operating results in 2017, starting first and foremost with the economy. This year, we are experiencing weaker GDP growth and declines in corporate profits and investments, plus the strength in the US dollar. These factors have led to weak corporate transient demand and reduced international travel, resulting in industry demand growth of just 1.5%, which is well short of the average of nearly 3% for the last three years. The outlook for GDP corporate profits and corporate investment is more favorable in 2017, but the concept that it will be better next year has been offered frequently during this recovery and generally hasn't come to fruition. The current fee outlook is slightly more favorable, especially in countries such as Japan and Brazil, which could lead to better international travel trends. As opposed to the uncertainty surrounding demand factors, it is clear that supply is increasing. In our top 19 markets, upscale and above supply has increased by roughly 2.5% in 2016, while a number of reports have correctly noted that our portfolio is less exposed to new supply than many others in the industry, primarily because we benefit from a more diversified distribution. Supply in our markets is still expected to increase by more than 3% in 2017. While we are experiencing record occupancies this year, this anticipated supply increase suggests that we will need to have stronger demand growth in 2017 to have pricing power. Our group revenues for 2017 are up over 2.5%, but short-term bookings have been growing at a slower rate and so we would not accomplish expect to benefit (12:15) from the significant increase in group activities that we have seen in 2016. Combining all of these insights along with the trend of weakening top-line growth that we have seen over the last two years, we would not expect to see RevPAR accelerate in 2017 unless the economy improves meaningfully. We will provide much greater insights into our outlook for 2017 in our fourth quarter call in February. With that, let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you, Ed. I'll start with commentary on performance in several of our major markets. Our consolidated international hotels had a spectacular third quarter with double-digit RevPAR increases in Latin America and Canada of more than 61% and almost 15%, respectively. As anticipated, the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Brazil drove significant increases in our three Brazilian hotels. Our hotels in Calgary and Toronto also experienced double-digit RevPAR growth. Toronto's outperformance was mainly the result of a Microsoft city-wide in July which caused compression in that market. Calgary experienced strong growth due to an increase in events at the convention center. Keep in mind that overall demand in Brazil, excluding the demand surrounding the Olympics, has been weak due to concerns over Zika, economic and political issues, as well as increased supply. As a result, we expect lodging fundamentals in Brazil to weaken in the fourth quarter. As discussed last quarter, despite the slow start in San Diego in the first half of the year, RevPAR for our assets in the market grew at an impressive 11.8% this quarter, with occupancy growth of 5.6 percentage points and a 5% increase in average rate. Importantly, our RevPAR results exceeded the STAR upper upscale market results by 430 basis points. The increase in city-wide room nights from MLB All-Star Game and Comic-Con created healthy compression in the market and resulted in strong group business, which was up almost 26%. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect our hotels in San Diego to continue to outperform our portfolio. Our hotels in Hawaii grew RevPAR 7.7% this quarter, beating the STAR upper upscale market results by 220 basis points. Occupancy increased 4.8 percentage points and average rate improved 2.1%. Strong transient demand at our Mali hotel coupled with solid group business at the Fairmont Kea Lani and Hyatt Place Waikiki offset ballroom renovation displacement at Hyatt Maui. Short-term transient demand increased more than anticipated in August and September, as vacationers chose Maui over the Zika-feared Caribbean locations and airfare costs remained stable. We expect our Hawaiian hotels to continue to outperform our portfolio in the fourth quarter. In addition, we should note that Hawaii is the market with the lowest expected supply growth out of the top-20 U.S. markets for the next couple of years, which bodes well for future performance. As expected, our properties in D.C. outperformed our portfolio again this quarter, with RevPAR growth of 6.8% outpacing the STAR upper upscale market RevPAR increase by 120 basis points. This was driven predominantly by an average rate increase of 5.6% as well as a 90-basis point increase in occupancy. The Westin Georgetown, JW D.C. and Grand Hyatt all had double-digit RevPAR growth this quarter benefiting from renovations in the comp set and a strong group base that created mid-week compression and enabled the hotels to drive strong average rate growth. With elections next Tuesday and the resulting slowdown in legislative activity, we expect RevPAR growth to slow in the fourth quarter, but still expect outperformance relative to the portfolio. Even though we have not provided any guidance for 2017, it is worth mentioning that city-wides in 2017 look strong for D.C. Combined with Congress operating on a full calendar and Inauguration in January, we expect there will be additional demand in 2017. Los Angeles continues to outperform the portfolio, with a 6.6% increase in the third quarter. The results were driven by a 3.5% growth in average rate and a 2.5 percentage point increase in occupancy. Strong group and contracts business at several of our hotels drove the RevPAR increase which exceeded the STAR upper upscale market results by 120 basis points. Year-to-date, our hotels in Los Angeles have grown RevPAR by 8.9%. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, group booking pace in Los Angeles remains strong and as a result, we expect continued outperformance from our Los Angeles properties. In Atlanta, RevPAR increased 5.6% for the quarter as a result of average rate growth of 0.8% and occupancy increase of 3.6 percentage points. Continued strong city-wide room nights in the third quarter contributed to the outperformance. As anticipated, the city-wide calendar on a year-over-year basis for the fourth quarter will be weak. Therefore, we expect fourth quarter RevPAR to be flat for last year. Moving to some challenged markets. New York RevPAR decreased 4% basically in line with the STAR upper upscale decline of 3.6%. Supply continued to outpace demand, which when combined with lower European travel and tour business due to the strong US dollar continued to negatively impact our ability to drive rates. Based on our outlook for the market, we expect the hotels in New York to continue to have a RevPAR decline in the fourth quarter. RevPAR of the San Francisco hotels declined 3.4% with a decrease in both occupancy and rate this quarter. Group room nights were down due to the Moscone Convention Center expansion which will continue to negatively impact San Francisco in 2017. Due to the lack of group compression, almost all hotels booked more lower-rated transient business resulting in overall transient ADR decline of 5.4%. Our San Francisco hotels will likely underperform our portfolio in the fourth quarter. The Houston market continues to be impacted by the struggling oil industry and increased supply as evidenced by the superior decline in the STAR upper upscale of nearly 14%. Our Houston hotels' RevPAR declined 2.9% in the quarter, as a 3.7% decrease in ADR was partially offset by a small increase in occupancy. Two major city-wide events did not repeat in the third quarter this year compelling our managers to book group business at our hotels to maintain occupancy. This proved to be the right strategy as we beat the STAR upper upscale market by 11 percentage points. We expect the difficulties in Houston to continue in the fourth quarter and therefore anticipate that these hotels will underperform the portfolio. RevPAR of the hotels in Seattle declined 1.5% in the third quarter. Occupancy declined about one percentage point to almost 91% and ADR decreased 0.3%. Last year, our hotels in Seattle had a record group business in the quarter and grew at RevPAR 9.8%, making for a difficult comparison this year. Many of the groups during third quarter last year did not repeat this year and the market has seen a decrease in Canadian leisure weekend business contributing to the weaker results this quarter. We expect performance to improve in the fourth quarter as transient demand increases and the W Seattle will benefit from being under renovation last December. RevPAR of the Phoenix hotels grew 0.6% in the quarter with an occupancy decline of 4.3 percentage points and an increase in ADR of 7.9%. Our hotels were negatively impacted by group cancellations, slippage and soft transient demand. We expect RevPAR of the hotels in Phoenix to improve in the fourth quarter. Chipping to our European joint venture, the portfolio continues to be negatively impacted by a number of macro factors, including the lingering effect of the terrorist attack in Paris and Brussels and the political and economic uncertainty pre and post Brexit. All this led to a RevPAR decline of 2.6% in constant euro this quarter. As expected, our hotels in Paris and Brussels significantly underperformed the portfolio while our hotels in London, Spain and Stockholm outperformed. We expect our hotels in Paris and Brussels will continue to be challenged in the fourth quarter. As noted in our press release, during the third quarter, we repurchased 2.8 million shares at an average purchase price of $16.04 for a total purchase price of $44 million. Since the inception of our share repurchase program in April of 2015, we have bought back 51.4 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $883 million. We currently have $117 million of capacity remaining under the repurchase program. In addition, in October, we paid a regular third quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents an annualized yield of over 5% on the current stock price. Based on our current operating forecast, combined with taxable gains generated from our completed asset sales to-date and our regular fourth quarter dividend, we expect to pay a special dividend of approximately $0.05, bringing total dividends for the fourth quarter to $0.25 per share. We continued to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility and believe we have one of the best balance sheets in the lodging REITs and overall REITs space. Importantly, we view this as a key competitive and strategic advantage which enhances our ability to pay our dividends throughout the cycle and allows us to invest as opportunities arise to buy asset, buy back our stock or reinvest in high-yielding redevelopment or ROI projects. We ended the third quarter with approximately $340 million of cash and currently have $628 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility. We improved our leverage ratio, as calculated under our credit facility, to 2.5 times. It is important to note that when updating models for 2017, our 2016 adjusted EBITDA includes $12 million for the reimbursement of operating losses at the New Orleans Marriott due to the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill. In addition, the 2016 full-year guidance includes adjusted EBITDA of $13 million that was earned by the hotels that have been sold during the year. Therefore, a total of $25 million in EBITDA will not repeat in 2017. However, keep in mind that comparable EBITDA margin growth in 2016 was not impacted by these items as the business interruption insurance proceeds and sold assets are excluded from our comparable hotel results. In summary, we are pleased with our results this quarter as the profitability of our assets continues to improve due to our aggressive asset management strategies in what continues to be a competitive environment. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure time to address questions from as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everyone. I believe you mentioned the group cancellations a few times in your script. So if you could give us more details on what exactly was going on there and what markets were impacted and if you expect that to continue next year?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. Overall, we've seen that cancellation and attrition fees, which is what we were talking about, have been higher this year than they have been in the last few years. Now, I would tell you that the level of attrition and cancellations we saw in the first half of this decade was below what I would describe as our long-term average, but the bottom line is they're up about 30% for the year. They were up closer to about 60% this particular quarter. We saw the cancellations in Orlando and at two of our larger convention hotels, one in San Francisco, which I suspect might have been a little bit related to some of the activity out there at the convention center that you're all fully aware of, and also at the Marquis. I would imagine that you'll  that we think that will moderate a bit in the fourth quarter, but it's not abnormal at this part of the cycle to start to see a little bit more in terms of cancellation and attrition activity. So we would expect to see that continue at a slightly elevated level compared to the 2010 to 2015 timeframe. Part of that, I would note, though, is I'd be careful to draw the conclusion that means that people are canceling it or not showing up to a greater degree in the past. I'm sure that's part of what's happening. Some of that, this is also reflective of the fact that we have better contracts from our perspective, which is enabling us to recover more when folks don't show up.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you. And Greg, I think you mentioned your ability to pay your dividend through the cycle. What did you mean by that? And are you committed to maintaining your current dividend even as taxable income goes down a bit next year?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. I mean, obviously, as I noted today, our taxable income actually exceeds the $0.80. And so, yes, I think we  what we've said in the past is that we would like to pay our dividend throughout this next cycle, and if our taxable income were to have a modest drop next year, yes, I think because we have one of the best balance sheets in the entire REIT universe, I think we're in a good position to be able to continue to pay the dividend.
Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everybody. Greg, can you help us understand how much the Olympics contributed to your Brazil results in terms of revenues and EBITDA in the third quarter?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I mean, when we look at our hotels in Latin America, I mean, they had a RevPAR increase in north of 60%, so obviously, a little bit.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. One way to look at that, Joe, would be that our  I think for the full year, we're probably expecting that our Brazil hotels will generate between, call it, $10 billion to $12 billion worth of EBITDA. So, they're not overly significant to our overall results, but there was  we had an incredibly strong quarter especially at the top line, and that obviously did influence our overall results for the quarter. Having said that, if you look at our domestic results, we would still  we've still had a very solid quarter from a domestic perspective with RevPAR being up 2.8%. So, no doubt that that headline number is better because of Brazil, but we were strong in Mexico and we were strong in Toronto, too. So, all of our international hotels had a good quarter and domestic portfolio did, too.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then, you talked about this in your earlier prepared remarks about the transaction market, but can you talk about the asset sale transaction market? I guess how frozen is it now, especially when you look at markets with high supply growth, say, a city like New York? Thank you.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah. I would say that it certainly not  and I think you've heard this from others. The market is not as robust as it was in 2014 and the first half of 2015. Having said that, I would say that there's still activity happening. I just think deals take longer. The number of folks that are chasing a particular transaction is probably a little bit thinner. We're hearing as we talk with the brokerage community, as we look at the experience we're having, we're finding that the international buyers are probably a bit higher percentage of the activity than in past. You're seeing some smaller operators associated with family offices chase after some of the smaller deals that are out there. I've heard that some of the public but non-traded REITs or non-listed REITs have been a bit more active, too. So there's still a market out there. I feel reasonably optimistic that we're  I certainly feel optimistic we'll sell Melbourne. I think that there is a decent chance that we'll complete a few more asset sales. But as I started off in saying the market is not as strong as it had been, and that's why you're not seeing as many sales announced by folks.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys. Ed, maybe just to follow-up on that last point. You had laid out a program of I think $500 million to $1 billion. You're at the lower bound of that now, of what you wanted to target. Is there a chance that getting further, reaching too much further closer to the $1 billion, is increasingly off the table just given what you're seeing out there? How are you thinking about that target now?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Short answer is that I think we can still over the next three quarters get to the $1 billion number. But I would also say that that is totally dependent on us feeling comfortable with the pricing that we get. Greg talked about the strength of our balance sheet, and I think you all recognize that. We're not doing this for liquidity reasons. We're doing this because we're trying to be smart about how to continue to position our portfolio for the future. And the assets that we're selling now are just ones that we generally think will not perform as well as the remainder of our portfolio or may have higher capital needs. The one exception to that would be Melbourne, where we've made the conscious decision to exit the Asia-Pacific market and so we want to sell that property. We won't sell that for a bad price, by any means, but that is one that we are more motivated to sell perhaps than some others. So bottom line is that I think we still have a reasonable shot at getting to the high end of that range, but we'll be thoughtful in terms of evaluating the sale opportunities that we have and making the decisions going forward on those sales.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. I appreciate that. And then my follow-up is related to some of your comments on supply. So appreciate that color as we look forward to next year. If I recap, I think you guys said that in Host markets, you're looking for greater than 3% supply in 2017. Can you just give us a sense of where is that number this year in Host markets so we can compare and see how big of an acceleration you're anticipating?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, you mean what is that number this year? Is that what you were asking?
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, correct.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, so I think the number that we're quoting, what we're finding today as relevant is to look at upscale and above. So I think you know that the upper upscale segment generally has very light supply. And I think that's still coming in generally across the board in our markets at less than 2%. But it's clear to us that, depending upon the property, we may compete with upscale supply, too. And so if we look at that particular number, this year we would say that across our top 19 or 20 markets, we're looking at supply that's roughly 2.5% in 2016. We think that's going to escalate to slightly more than 3% in 2017. Markets that we are a bit concerned about would be ones that you are, too, Seattle, Denver, Houston, and New York. I think the thing to note for us, though, is that while those markets represent about, call it, 15% of our EBITDA, we also have great representation in some markets like Atlanta, Hawaii, San Diego or San Francisco, that are expected to have much lower supply. And in fact, those last four markets that I just referred to, we have more than 25% of our EBITDA coming from those markets. So hence my point in our prepared remarks that when we see our portfolio compared to others, we think we have a little bit less exposure to supply than some others because of the diversity in the portfolio.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Very clear. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning. Two questions. First, you added a disclosure on hotel management opportunities in the press release. Can you provide some additional color on how the new economics impacted results and also address how many properties are potentially still governed by above-market management fee agreements?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, we had agreed at least for the short-term not to provide specifics about that particular transaction. So, unfortunately, I'm going to have to abide by that agreement. But I would say that we had an opportunity there where a contract was expiring and there was a chance to both lower our management fees. We extended the term a bit, but we retained a fair amount of flexibility in terms of how the hotel would be operated going forward.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think if you look across our portfolio, we do continue to have a number of opportunities. It probably falls in the realm of a couple of years you space things out over the next five to seven years where there's an opportunity to consider either replacing the existing branded operator with a franchise operator or we may have contracts that terminate that offer us even more flexibility. So I think it's an area that we've been able to have a fair amount of  we view that where we've may done conversions or where we've changed contracts, we're consistently seeing anywhere from a 10% to 20% improvement in EBITDA as a result of the changes that we're making. And it's something that we could build into our business plan for each year is to look at the opportunities that may exist for that year and then try to exploit them.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Then just as a follow-up, with the closing of the Marriott Starwood transaction, can you just give any kind of initial color on the potential impact there, and any difference in hotel level fundamentals between the two companies and comparable chains? Thanks.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Of course, at this point, they've only been closed for probably less than 45 days. And certainly, maybe the biggest issue that surrounds that whole transaction from our perspective as an owner will be how smoothly and how successfully the integration goes. I'm sure that Marriott and Arne will give you more insights into those issues on their call which I'm assuming is later this week. I guess what I'd say is, as we've looked at this and we've consistently said this since the transaction was announced, our Starwood Hotels were operated under the Marriott expense and cost structure, not fee structure, but the operating costs of running those hotels. We think that there will be an opportunity to reduce expenses at our Starwood Hotels. There's a number of elements of the Marriott system, be it reservations or purchasing or some other areas, including their agreements with the online company where the Marriott contracts and the Marriott cost structure is cheaper. I can't  it's  we know that as they work their way through the integration process, we will start to see the benefits of those cost savings. But it's a little hard right now for us to predict how quickly that will happen.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Fair enough. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. It seems like one of the bright spots during this earnings season has been leisure trends outperforming. I mean, how long do you think that leisure trends can continue to outperform given the corporate environment? And any other thoughts on leisure trends would be helpful. Thank you.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. I think as long as employment remains fairly strong then I would say looking back in past history, leisure should probably hold up fairly well. If you go back to the 2001 to 2003 downturn, we generally found throughout that downturn, because it was not from an economic perspective, it was not that severe. Hence, unemployment, if my recollection serves me right, did not increase significantly during that time period. We found that our resort hotels outperformed during that time period, and we generally found that leisure travel was fairly strong. I think, going forward, the other thing that will affect leisure travel will be international leisure. We've had  the last 18 months have been a bit weak, primarily because of currency. But assuming that the currency stabilizes, I think there's an opportunity for some pickup there. We're generally fairly bullish as you look out over the next five years about our resorts profile. We think it benefits from both a combination of the leisure trends that we just discussed, and secondarily, it benefits from the fact that supply in the resorts segment is much lower than the industry as a whole.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thanks. And then, can you just give us an update on how you think the hotel brand's direct booking push is affecting your business? Thanks.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: We're generally in favor of what they are trying to do there. We know that there is some short-term pain associated with that. The best estimate that I have heard of that is it might have cost us a couple of tenths of RevPAR growth in the last couple of quarters. So we're watching it and well, obviously, to the extent that it doesn't seem to be accomplishing their goals, may urge them to reconsider it. But at this point in time, we're still comfortable with heading down that path. I mean, the bottom line is that the reservation made through an operator website is a heck of a lot cheaper for us than one that might come through an OTA in terms of the costs associated with that booking. And so to the extent that we can drive more traffic to that operator website, we generally think that makes a difference for us from the bottom line and that's what matters most to us.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, thanks. I was just wondering if you could maybe talk about, and I'm sure you'll give more detail on your fourth-quarter call, but just your CapEx priorities as you think about 2017 and where you are? You have about $100 million left on your share repurchase program, would you look to continue to buy back shares at these levels or just sort of some general thoughts around that?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. Let me answer the second question, first. We will be buying more of our shares back, especially if the price remains at the current level. And we do  we have the balance sheet capability to do that. We have the authorization from the board to do that. So, you should assume that we'll continue to pursue a share buyback. CapEx for next year, I'd say that we've been  had been targeting for a few years now to be spending a bit less, especially on maintenance CapEx in 2016 and I think that will carry over in 2017. So, I would generally expect to see a little bit less capital in 2017. Our thought had generally been that we would prefer to  we would look to increase capital spending a bit later in the cycle under the theory that it costs us a little bit less maybe in terms of lost occupancy. And it costs us a little bit less because oftentimes as you get near the end of the cycle, pricing for construction projects drops, too. So, we're not at the point we're making any decisions about 2018. We are looking hard at our 2017 plan, and I'd say general  the general initial sense, without putting a hard number on it, is it will be lower than what we've spent in 2016.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. You know, you mentioned earlier, too, that all things being equal that Marriott Hotels run, I guess, at a higher relative operating margin versus Starwood. And I was just wondering, I mean just two similar hotels side-by-side, like what is kind of the difference, all things being equal? Is it like 50 basis points or is it a point of margin or just kind of very broadly?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: You know Smedes, I know that it is less, but I'm not confident enough, sitting here right now, to give you a direct answer on that question. So, let's  I don't think it's more than a point. Let's put it that way.
Smedes Rose - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's fair enough. I just  that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to David Loeb with Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning. I wonder if I could just take you back to capital allocation. I noted the increased ROE spending in the fourth quarter, and I wonder if you could just comment about how you look at ROE spending versus buybacks? And how tightly tied are future asset sales and continued stock buybacks? Thanks.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I would say that the increase that you saw in the ROI CapEx  or the redevelopment CapEx is a lot more to just do with the timing of when we expect to complete projects, and probably even more so when we expect to close them out, rather than being an indication of any change in philosophy or change in quantity in terms of our projects. There may be a little bit of a couple of projects being a hair more expensive than what we had originally anticipated. But the reality is that overall in talking with our construction group. Our overall budgets  our overall performance compared to budget is coming in pretty consistently with what we expected. And so that mild increase that you see in the numbers compared to the prior quarter really just reflects the fact that we expected to pay for more of the costs this year, and that's likely because we're finishing a little bit sooner for some of those projects. I think as the  looking beyond that or thinking more broadly, we look at all of these different options, whether it's investing in the portfolio, buying stock or other investments on kind of a comparative basis. Opportunities to enhance the portfolio have generally driven higher rate or higher levels of return and will continue to be attractive. Having said that, I don't think we have as many of those opportunities in 2017 as we've had in 2015 and 2016. And so I expect, the volume of activity in there will be lower.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Hi. Good morning, guys.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: So just another twist on the Marriott-Starwood question. So I appreciate the color that you guys were able to give on in terms of how you're looking at 2017 at this point. But to the extent that Marriott is able to give an initial look on 2017 RevPAR when it reports next week and also given that I believe that the overlap in terms of concentration within Host portfolio is even higher today now that the deal has closed than it was before, do you think that there would be any material differences in how they view North American RevPAR growth next year versus what you guys might think about your portfolio?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Rich, that's a great question and I think to some degree we're all sort of chuckling here as we hear that. Here's what I will tell you. Clearly, our hotels, in the position they're in, both physically and locationally. Should generally perform in line with what Marriott would generally be suggesting their broad-based brands would deliver. Now, their optimism about what the numbers might be for next year versus our trying to be realistic could  in other words, it's hard to predict exactly how they're going to look at next year and what message they want to try to convey. So I guess at the end of the day, we've tried to provide you with as clear a view as we can have at this particular time in terms of what's going to happen for 2017. Ultimately, as you're suggesting, I would expect our hotels to generally perform in line with what they would be predicting for domestic performance because our hotels represent a big part of their portfolio.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah, I agree with all that. I mean, obviously, there are some geographic differences as well and plus, as you know, Rich, a lot of the supply growth recently has been on the select service side. And they have, obviously, quite a bit of select service. We do not. So that could be another difference as well.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Yeah, that's very helpful color, guys. And then my second question is just on G&A. As you think about the fact that you're exiting certain markets around the country and around the world as well, and I'm assuming that transaction expenses are included in the corporate G&A line item at this point. I didn't see a different number anywhere else in the release. Do you see G&A savings opportunities in some of those categories or other categories as we think about next year and beyond?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I don't know that I would  the short answer is yes in the standpoint that, as we have phased out of the Asia market, we are certainly cutting expenses in that market and so that there is some benefit that flows from that. I don't know that I would necessarily expect, though, in modeling our G&A expense that you should be thinking that there'd be radical differences from one year to the next, at least in the context of 2016 looking at 2017.
Richard Allen Hightower - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Robin Farley at UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. I think in the past you've talked about needing RevPAR to grow in the 2% to 3% range to offset increases in expense. Your comments about next year suggest that maybe you wouldn't expect more than a 2% increase, maybe even lower or just something similar to this year's levels around 2%. How should we think about expense growth without  or I guess impact on profitability if RevPAR is not up above the level to offset those higher expenses? And your comment about maybe savings from the Starwood-Marriott transaction, if I'm understanding that right, it sounded like maybe that's only 100 basis points of expense to be offset. And I guess that would only be in the sort of  I don't know, is that like 20% or 25% of your room base that are Starwood, coming from Starwood. Maybe you could put some color around that. Thanks.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Sure. So first off, I would say that in terms of thinking about the level of RevPAR and revenue growth that we likely would need from one year to the next in order to maintain the margins that we have, I'd say today our thinking is that needs to be right around or just slightly above 2%. And that's based on nothing more complicated than expecting inflation to generally run at about that level. And so if our costs go up by inflation then we certainly need to match that at the revenue line in order to maintain our margins. Now I will point out that that does mean that EBITDA grows at that same rate of inflation or slightly better. And so that's not suggesting that we'd be at flat EBITDA, but I think that's still a reasonable reference point. We do think that there are some things that we're working on now, including the continuation of the time-motion study work that we've done, which we talked about before and has saved us a fair amount of money this year. We do think there are some things on those lines that might benefit us next year. And of course, to the extent that we end up with a lower level of RevPAR growth that we've been suggesting, then we'll be working hard at trying to find other ways to take costs out. Some of that will, of course, be dependent upon whether that lower level of RevPAR is generated more by lack of rate growth or perhaps a reduction in occupancy. The latter, obviously, gives us a better opportunity to try to take costs out of the system. In terms of the benefits that would flow from the Marriott-Starwood merger, I honestly would not be expecting to see a significant amount of that benefit in 2017. There are a few things that could happen more quickly, but I think there's still some work to be done in this area. I believe that the opportunity benefit from the new Marriott-negotiated OTA agreements could probably take hold next year. But I think a lot of the other integration activity that would be required for us to get the expense savings are likely to take a bit longer to happen. And so I would not be counting on a benefit of that in 2017.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And for my follow-up question, do you think the current environment with at least not accelerating RevPAR growth, I don't know if you see it decelerating next year, but this current environment, do you see opportunity in maybe consolidation among just the REITs? In other words, you haven't been a buyer of assets, but would it make sense, could it make sense for you to be involved with consolidation among small or medium-sized REITs?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: That concept of consolidation on the ownership side has certainly gotten more attention since we've seen a bit more consolidation on the operating side. To-date, despite the fact that I think a number of you have offered good reasons why that should occur. We have not seen that occur. So I wouldn't rule out that it could possibly happen, but I would say that it's not a particular objective of ours. We're not concerned about getting larger, we're just concerned about essentially becoming more valuable. That could happen in the context of a larger transaction. But typically that has not proven to be the case.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Harry Curtis with Nomura. Mr. Curtis, your line is open. You may have us muted at the time.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. We can hear you now.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: What's that? I don't have a  I'm not on the line.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, you are, Harry. We can hear you.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: It's not on.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Well, I guess we'll have to move to the next caller.
Operator: Mr. Curtis  are you able to hear us right now, Mr. Curtis?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Can you hear me?
Gee Lingberg - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: We can hear you, Mr. Curtis? Can you hear us?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Can you, guys, hear me?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Mr. Curtis, again, we can hear you.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Let's move to next question.
Operator: Okay. Thank you.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: No, no. Greg?
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes. Hi, Harry.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hey. Sorry about that. We're having Cisco problems.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: It's okay. It's nice to have you.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Curtis, do you have a question for the conference today? [Technical Difficulty] (53:12-53:21)
Operator: Okay, thank you. We'll move on to Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Mr. Golladay, your line is open. Please go ahead with your question.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: You know what, I'm guessing that we must  there must be a technical issue here because of the fact that we had two calls in a row.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Why don't we try one final question and then we'll end it?
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: One more, why don't we move to the next participant?
Operator: Thank you. We'll move next to Bill Crow with Raymond James.
Bill A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I'm sorry, everyone.
Operator: Mr. Crow, your line is open. Please go ahead with your question.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: I think we should end it.
Gregory J. Larson - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: Yes.
W. Edward Walter - Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.: All right. Folks, we apologize for what seems to be a technical difficulty here, but the team will be available to answer any of your questions throughout the rest of the day and tomorrow. Thank you for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to talk about our third quarter. We look forward to seeing many of you at the event in Phoenix in a couple of weeks and of course talking to you in February to discuss both our year end 2016 results and provide a lot more insight into 2017. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President Ed Walter - President and CEO Greg Larson - CFO
Analysts: Smedes Rose - Citigroup Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Anthony Powell - Barclays Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Ryan Meliker - Canaccord Genuity Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Harry Curtis - Nomura Joe Greff - JPMorgan Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Cody. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts second-quarter 2016 earnings call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and the supplemental financial information on our website at HostHotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Larson our Chief Financial Officer. This morning Ed will provide a brief overview of our operations and then we will discuss our disposition and investment activity as well as the Company's outlook for 2016. Greg will then provide greater detail on our second-quarter performance by market and discuss our margins and our balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be unavailable to respond to your questions. And now I would like to turn the call over to Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. As you may surmise from our results, it was an interesting quarter. While the operating environment across our industry was a bit choppy, we executed as planned on the dispositions we have previously referenced and added two more planned sales. On the investment side, we acquired an irreplaceable ground lease, completed several major ROI investments and continued to repurchase our stock, all with a focus on creating value for our shareholders. Let's start with a review of our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was 436 million for the quarter which represents an increase of 3.3% over 2015 and with 782 million for the first half of the year up 5.2%. Our adjusted FFO was $0.49 per share, an increase of 6.5% for the quarter and $0.90 per share year-to-date, an increase of 11%. Overall we are pleased with our bottom line EBITDA and FFO growth which generally met or exceeded both our expectations and consensus. But we were disappointed that our room revenue growth was not stronger. Our portfolio occupancy rate was 82.4%, an increase of 120 basis points compared to 2015. Constant currency RevPAR increased 2% for the quarter as rate growth was difficult to generate. This RevPAR result was well below what we had anticipated in April. We expected that we would benefit from strong group bookings and that generally proved to be correct as group room nights increased 3% due to more than a 6.5% growth in our association segment and a very solid increase in corporate group. Our average group rate was up more than 2% leading to a revenue improvement in group of more than 5%. While it certainly qualifies as a strong group quarter, it is worth noting that short term group bookings declined to the three year average level falling short of last year's accelerated pace and we did experience a slight increase in cancellations. However, our transient segment fell meaningfully short of our expectations. Overall transient room nights declined by 1% as corporate demand proved soft. This resulted in the hotels being forced to target price sensitive leisure business and government business with the latter segment up nearly 7%. The net result of this mix shift was our average transient rate fell slightly and transient revenues declined by slightly more than 1%. To help offset this transient softness, we increased our contract room nights by more than 20%. Declining international demand was also a drag on our transient demand. While difficult to precisely calculate, our international business which represents slightly more than 10% of our total room nights decreased approximately 7% in the quarter further undermining our manager's efforts to drive transient rate. Fortunately a combination of strong group business and catering activity led to a 6.6% increase in banquet and AV revenue which enabled the portfolio to achieve food and beverage revenue growth of 4.5%. Sales per group room night jumped more than 4% which is one of our stronger quarters during this cycle and a good indication that groups are still prepared to spend freely on events. Since nearly all of the F&B revenue growth came from the profitable catering business, the flow-through was quite strong at north of 70%. Other revenues at our comparable hotels grew 4.6% as spa revenues improved and we experienced an increase in attrition and cancellation fees which are now running slightly ahead of what we experienced in the last two years. The flow through in this area was also quite strong. The solid flow through in all segments of our business combined with the benefits of various asset management initiatives and property investments, which Greg will discuss in more detail, led to comparable hotel EBITDA margin improvement of 65 basis points and EBITDA flow through of more than 50%. As a result, comparable hotel EBITDA improved by roughly 5%. Year to date, our transient contract revenues have increased 3.3% and our group revenues have improved by 3.1%. Comparable F&B revenues have increased 2.8% driven by banquet and AV increase of 3.7%. Total comparable revenues have increased 2.9% and comparable EBITDA margins have increased 75 basis points leading to EBITDA improvement year to date of 5.7%. Turning to asset sales, as I referenced at the outset, we continue to make solid progress in our non core asset disposition program. Closing the sales of the Atlanta Perimeter, Seattle SeaTac and Manhattan Beach Marriott as well as our two hotels located in Chile. The three US assets represented older hotels located in airport or suburban locations that we felt would likely not grow cash flows over the long term at the rate of our overall portfolio. These sales, plus the two Christchurch New Zealand hotels that we noted are under binding contract bring our total sales for the year to roughly $500 million. It is worth noting that the EBITDA we are receiving in 2016 from these assets totaled $13 million which should not be included in any of your 2017 estimates. While we continue to market several hotels, the buyer pool has declined in size and pricing is not as attractive as when we commenced our sale program a few years ago. While we do expect to complete additional sales, we are only a seller if we can achieve acceptable pricing. During the last 3.5 years, we have sold more than $2.6 billion worth of hotels or nearly 15% of our consolidated and joint venture portfolio, which has enabled us to further refine our asset base and improve shareholder value. We are very comfortable with our overall progress on this front. Looking at investments, we are very pleased to have acquired the ground leases that sit beneath the Key Bridge Marriott. The second Marriott Hotel to be constructed, this property is situated in Arlington, Virginia at the end of the Key Bridge which provides direct access to Georgetown and has spectacular views of Washington and all of the national monuments. We are in the midst of evaluating the various options for this site and hotel which will clearly include alternate uses, and we look forward to providing updates on this exciting project in the future. We have also completed the redevelopment of the Hyatt San Francisco Airport and the new 152,000 square foot ballroom and exhibit hall complex at the San Diego Marquis. Both of these projects were completed on time and under budget. In addition to renovating all of the rooms and meeting spaces at the Hyatt, we also completed 9,000 square feet of new meeting space and totally transformed the atrium and F&B platform. Our group bookings for this hotel for the next two years are 35% ahead of the pre-construction levels. We also expect to have a very strong fall operating season. At the San Diego Marquis, we have created the best combination of ballroom and exhibit space in the market and customers are responding favorably as bookings through the next two years have increased 40% compared to pre-construction levels. As the second quarter proved, it is challenging to develop guidance during interesting times for the industry. The following factors provide some insight into our thinking about the second half of 2016. Based on consensus economic forecasts and general uncertainty around the U.S. election and international events, we expect that business profit growth and investment levels will not improve, which suggests that business transient demand will remain soft. Alternatively, continued strong employment and consumer confidence numbers suggests that leisure demand will remain solid. We expect international travel patterns will remain challenged as demand from two of our largest international markets, Canada and Latin America, are impacted by both the strong U.S. dollar and weaker domestic economic growth. Our group revenue pace for the remainder of the year is up more than 4% with the majority of the increase occurring in the third quarter. While we would expect some moderation in the overall increase in our group segment, this compares favorably to the actual improvement we experienced in the first half of the year. Q3 will benefit from the calendar shift of the Jewish holidays into October, while the fourth quarter will be hurt by both that shift and less travel expected during the week that includes Election Day. The combination of all of these factors suggests that RevPAR growth and the second half of the year will generally match what we experienced in Q2 with the third quarter considerably stronger and the fourth quarter somewhat weaker. As a result, we anticipate full year RevPAR will range from 2% to 3%. We expect F&B and other revenue growth will moderate slightly from the first-half growth of 2.8% and still generate increased profits over 2015. The combination of solid flow through from all revenue generating activities, continued benefit from our asset management efforts and the strong start to the year is expected to lead to comparable hotel EBITDA margin improvement of 40 to 70 basis points. The net result of these factors is an estimated range for an adjusted EBITDA of $1.435 billion to $1.465 billion which reflects a reduction at the midpoint of $7.5 million from our prior range. $1.5 million of this adjustment is tied to the sale of the two Christchurch hotels I referenced earlier and the remainder is due to the reduction in our estimated topline growth partially offset by improving margins. Our forecasted adjusted FFO range is $1.63 to $1.67. With that, let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Greg Larson: Thank you, Ed. I will start with specific commentary on performance within some of our major markets. RevPAR at our properties in Los Angeles continued to outperform the portfolio with an impressive 9.1% increase in the second quarter. The results were driven by a 5% increase in ADR and a 3 percentage point increase in occupancy to 84.2%. A strong group base combined with solid transient demand at several of our hotels drove the RevPAR increase which exceeded the STAR upper upscale results by 140 basis points. Looking forward, our booking pace in Los Angeles remains very strong as the market is expected to host additional citywides during the remainder of this year. As a result, we expect continued outperformance from our Los Angeles properties. Our two comparable hotels in Denver grew RevPAR 7.3% this quarter and outpaced the STAR upper upscale result by 260 basis points. Strong group and transient demand at the Westin primarily drove this outperformance. However, based on the softening of citywide pace and decreasing size of events, we expect our hotels in Denver to underperform the portfolio in the third quarter. In Atlanta, RevPAR increased 6.6% for the quarter as a result of average rate growth of 3.2% and occupancy increase of 2.6 percentage points. Once again a number of citywide events in the second quarter contributed to the outperformance. Based on group revenues on the books for the remainder of the year, we expect third quarter results to be better than the fourth quarter. RevPAR growth of 5.5% at our DC hotels significantly outperformed the STAR upper upscale RevPAR increase by 230 basis points. This was driven by both occupancy and rate this quarter as occupancy increased 2.2 percentage points and average rate grew 2.9%. Several of our DC hotels benefited from planned renovations that we completed last year. Based on group booking pace for these hotels, we expect our properties in DC to achieve solid results in the third quarter. Our Boston hotels RevPAR growth of 5% in the second quarter was driven by a rate increase of 2.2% and an occupancy improvement of 2.3 percentage points. Our manager's aggressive strategies to offer promotions and add high-end airline crews bolstered the RevPAR increase this quarter. These hotels also had an impressive increase in food and beverage revenues of 15.8% entirely from the increase in the more profitable banquet and catering sales. Overall, our Boston properties are experiencing softer special corporate demand from the financial and consulting segments. As a result, we expect RevPAR to underperform the rest of our portfolio in the third quarter. RevPAR at San Francisco hotels grew 2.8% primarily driven by a rate increase of 2.9%. Overall transient demand softness and group room night declined due to the Moscone Center Convention construction led to demand weakness this quarter. However, strong catering business at several San Francisco hotels drove the outstanding banquet and catering revenue growth of over 33% this quarter. The expansion of the Moscone Convention Center will continue to negatively impact the San Francisco market for the remainder of 2016 and through 2017. Our San Francisco hotels will likely underperform our portfolio in the remaining quarters. Moving to some challenged markets. New York RevPAR decreased 4.9% but outperformed the STAR upper upscale market RevPAR decline of 6%. Occupancy dropped slightly to 89.8% and rate declined 4.8% in the second quarter. Supply continues to outpace demand which is impacting our ability to drive rate. We have also witnessed European travel and tour business declining due to the strong U.S. dollar. Based on our outlook for the market, we expect our hotels in New York to continue to have negative RevPAR for the remainder of the year. As anticipated, our hotels in Florida underperformed the portfolio with a RevPAR decrease of 2.2% in the second quarter. Occupancy declined 2 percentage points and rate increased 0.4%. The decline in RevPAR was due to softer leisure transient demand as well as increased group attrition and cancellations. On a positive note, group customers increased their food and beverage spent in the more profitable banquet and catering business by 15.8%. In addition, based on a strong group revenue pace for the third quarter, we expect RevPAR in Florida to outperform the portfolio in the third quarter. RevPAR at our assets in San Diego grew slightly this quarter. Occupancy declined 2.9 percentage points and rate increased 3.6%. Our hotels were negatively impacted by and an 8.6% decline in transient revenues resulting from fewer citywide compression nights from downtown. Despite the slow start in San Diego, we expect the hotels in this market to improve in the second half of 2016 as the city should benefit from an increase in citywide room nights for the remainder of the year especially in the third quarter. In addition, the new 152,000 square foot Marriott Hall opened in June 2016 at the San Diego Marquis. Moving to our international assets, these hotels had a constant dollar RevPAR growth of 2.3% in the quarter. Latin America drove much of the international growth with a constant dollar RevPAR increase of 5% primarily from continued pre-Olympic business in Rio. Due to the upcoming Olympics this summer, we expect Latin America to have a spectacular third quarter. Shifting to our European joint venture, the portfolio was negatively impacted by a number of macro factors including the lingering effects of the Paris attacks in Paris and Brussels and the political and economic uncertainty pre and post-Brexit. All this led to a RevPAR decline of 1.3% in constant euros this quarter. As expected, our hotels in Paris, London and Brussels significantly underperformed the portfolio while our hotels in Spain, Stockholm and Amsterdam outperformed. We expect the challenges that I described for our hotels in Paris, London and Brussels will continue into the third quarter. Moving to our profitability, our comparable EBITDA margin expansion of 65 basis points in an environment with 2% RevPAR growth is very impressive. This notable EBITDA margin growth is the result of decreases in our utility and insurance expenses as well as our continued cost savings initiatives. Utility costs decreased almost 6% and insurance expense decreased 5.5% in the quarter. Utility costs continued to decline in the second quarter due to favorable gas and electric prices as well as the benefits from our cost saving energy ROI initiatives. As we have said previously, we have invested in numerous energy projects over the last year ranging from small to major projects which are favorably impacting our utility costs. Further in June, we completed our annual negotiation of our insurance contracts and lowered rates for another year. Therefore, we expect our insurance expense to continue to decrease for the remainder of the year and through the first half of 2017. Over the last two years, we have focused on improving productivity at our hotels by initiating time and motion studies at our largest hotel. These studies resulted in hotel managers establishing tighter labor model standards and the use of improved and expanded forecasting tools allowing managers to effectively schedule to demand and minimize excess staffing. For example, many of our housekeeping departments are now using an automated system integrated with a property management system to prioritize housekeeping room assignments using a Wi-Fi enabled device. These systems save on time and labor expense while getting guests into rooms faster. Total hourly productivity at our hotels that have implemented the recommendations improved over 400 basis points more than those hotels that have not yet conducted a time and motion study. For all the discussion of technology as a disruptor in the lodging space, we are seeing real cost saving benefits of technology in our industry and at our properties. In addition, sustainability initiatives that provide guests with the option to forgo housekeeping services in exchange for reward points, like Marriott's Your Room Your Choice, and Starwood's Make a Green Choice program are also positively impacting expenses. Given the positive margin results in the first half of 2016, we now expect full-year comparable EBITDA margins to increase 40 to 70 basis points. We also expect approximately 22.5% to 23% of our total and adjusted EBITDA to be generated in the third quarter. As disclosed in our press release, during the second quarter we repurchased 5.2 million shares at an average price of $15.39 for a total purchase price of $81 million. Since the inception of our share repurchase program in April of 2015, we have bought back 48.6 million main shares of common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $838 million. We currently have $162 million of capacity remaining under the repurchase program. In addition, we paid a regular second-quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share which represents a yield over 4.5% on the current stock price. We continue to operate from a position of financial strength and flexibility and believe we have one of the best balance sheets in the lodging REIT and overall REIT space. Importantly, we view this as a key competitive and strategic advantage and expect to continue benefiting from it going forward. We ended the second quarter with approximately $266 million of cash, $739 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility and $3.7 billion of debt. We improved our leverage ratio as calculated under our credit facility to 2.6 times. During the quarter, we repaid the $100 million mortgage loan secured by the Hyatt Regency Reston Hotel. We also think it is important to note that 95 of our hotels, which represent 99% of our revenues, are unencumbered by mortgage debt. In summary, we are pleased with our results this quarter as the profitability of our assets continues to improve, as a result of our aggressive asset management strategies in what continues to be a competitive market environment. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many as you as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hey Good morning, Ed, I wanted to ask you maybe a little bit more if you could share a little more color on the cancellations that you saw in the quarter and maybe through the balance of the year. It sounds like it was a little bit elevated in Florida. Do you see this as economic concerns, is it Zika concerns, if it Florida related? Maybe just a little more color around that would be good. Thanks.
Ed Walter: Yes, Smedes, that is a great question because we spent a fair amount of time talking to the operators to get a feeling for that. As best as we can tell, it seems like most of the cancellations were what I would describe as situational. So they were -- some cases there might have been a change around a product and so there was -- around the timing of her product launch. But in other cases it sounded as if certain companies were just trying to be thoughtful about the level of expense that they were incurring in 2016. And I attribute that in part to the weaker corporate profit numbers that we have seen. So it didn't feel as if it was thematic. It seemed like it was specific to the individual companies that had cancellations. What I took some comfort from was the fact that the cancellations that we are seeing were generally focused on 2016. We are not necessarily seeing any increase in cancellations related to 2017. So that tells me that it is a little bit more of a short term orientation and people are not necessarily backing away from their plans to have events down the road.
Greg Larson: And, Smedes, as I mentioned in my comments, we actually expect Q3 to be pretty strong for our Florida hotels.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thanks. And I mean can you share the group pace revenue pace for 2017 at this point?
Ed Walter: I would say it is up low single digits.
Smedes Rose: Great, okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now move to our next question from Rich Hightower, Evercore ISI.
Rich Hightower: A couple of questions. The first one I went to touch on the ground lease purchase. So was that something that was just opportunistic when the lease was expiring or what was -- just give us a little more color about the origin of that opportunity? And I know you said you would give details later on as to what you actually do with the property. But could you give us a hint -- any hints ahead of time there?
Ed Walter: Yes, I guess obviously this is a hotel that has been in our Company for a long period of time. And for those of you that know Washington DC, you probably know the hotel because you have driven by it a number of times on the GW Parkway. It really is a great location on the edge of Georgetown. And the views from the rooms are spectacular because you are looking right down the mall at all of the monuments. This was a land lease situation from the time the hotel was built. We have spent off and on the last 10 years negotiating with the owners of the foundation that owned the property in an effort to try to get complete control of the property. So I guess I would say it was opportunistic in the sense that we finally had -- they were finally motivated to sell and we finally had the opportunity to buy. We had a right of first refusal, which is essentially what we exercised on. So it was sort of if we were going to buy it, we needed to do it now. And I think as it relates to the opportunities for the property, there is, we believe, we haven't had extensive conversations with local officials yet. But we are fairly comfortable in believing that there is excess density associated with the site. So we are in the process now that we know we have control of the property, we are looking at a range of options that would include a complete scraping of the asset and a complete redevelopment of the entire parcel, which would involve for us probably selling off a number of those parcels to other parties. We are also potentially redeveloping a part of the hotel and then selling off portions of the hotel to third parties to develop either residential or office. So we are really in the midst of the effort right now to understand how to maximize the value. There is a lot of local interest in the site, local and national interest for that matter because of just the superb positioning of the property. So we will provide more of an update going forward as we have a clearer idea about how to maximize value for this property.
Rich Hightower: Okay. I mean generally what sort of a return would you expect on some, on a big project like this with multiple options?
Ed Walter: Yes, I guess what I would say is it should, some of that depends upon how we pursue it. I think it is early to try to quote what the value of the underlying land might be. A lot of that is going to relate to what approach do we ultimately take.
Rich Hightower: Okay. All right, I will move to the next question. So my last question here is just in terms of the non-same-store pool of assets, one of the big selling points I guess for Host in 2016 was that it is a renovation tailwind story, which is in opposition to what happened last year. So I am curious, are the renovated projects that have opened, are they performing in line with underwriting? Are you generating the ADR lift and the overall returns you were expecting? Just as we sort of compare it to the same store 2% RevPAR number for the quarter for instance?
Ed Walter: Yes, here is what I would say with this. I think overall we are still expecting that the four assets that we talked about earlier in the year are going to generate the improvement in EBITDA that we had forecasted. I would also tell you that in terms of looking at how we are going to get to that number, the ramp up in the first quarter, call it the first four or five months of the year was probably a bit slower than what we expected. But at this point we are generally in line with our expectation for where we expected to be with the properties. And I think we feel fairly confident about how that is going to play out for this year. And then we also expect that there will be an opportunity for incremental lift in 2017 simply because we are, in each instance for three of the four properties, the one in San Francisco, Camby in Phoenix and the Logan in Philadelphia, all of those because they were closed were essentially new hotels opening up in the beginning of this year and so they did not immediately jump to stabilized operating levels in the beginning of the year.
Greg Larson: And, Rich, the only thing I would add is if you are looking at our press release you can see our non-comp hotels actually had a decline in RevPAR for the quarter and that was primarily due to two big hotels. As you know, Denver Tech is under renovation right now and that is a fairly large hotel with over 600 rooms. And the RevPAR for that hotel is down over 30%. And then the Hyatt San Francisco, again another big hotel, 789 rooms, that hotel also had a RevPAR decline of 18%. So those two hotels are really driving the negative RevPAR in the non comp hotel set right now.
Rich Hightower: Okay, I appreciate that, guys. Thanks.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: I had a question on pricing in the leisure transient side. Have you seen any impact, the downside from some of the member discounts we are seeing from the brand companies on your ability to drive rate?
Ed Walter: I think that the discounts that the brands are offering to reward members is having a slight negative impact on RevPAR. My guess is that I think Arne was quoted yesterday in saying it was about 30 basis points to 40 basis points. And based on our conversations with them and others that seems to be about right. This certainly initially right now we are bearing some hit for the implementation of those programs. And I think the expectation in the long run though is that they will accomplish share shift. And obviously the cost of a reservation through the brand website is considerably less than what we might book through other third-party alternatives.
Anthony Powell: All right, thanks. And moving onto asset sales, I think at the beginning of the year you were targeting $1 billion in sales. You are at $500 million now. Is it the case that you are essentially done with the asset sales or just being opportunistic? And how does that outlook impact your share repurchase activity for the rest of the year?
Ed Walter: Yes, I would say that one, we are not done with asset sales. We are still working on a number of transactions and would hope to complete some more. My also would probably say right now that at this stage I wouldn't necessarily be expecting to complete a $1 billion number within calendar year 2016 because I think some of the one of the sales that I think ultimately may prove to be more likely would be the sale of the Melbourne Hilton. But I have a feeling at this point that that sale is likely to be drag into 2017 as opposed to be completed this year. I think as I said in our prepared remarks, we are very happy with the overall sale program that we have implemented over the last 3.5 years. We would like to continue to sell assets in part because we would love to use the proceeds in the context of our stock buyback program. But we do want to make certain that we are getting pricing that we think makes sense. If you look at the sales that we have announced so far this year without even taking into account the capital spending that might have been required as part of the transition of that property, I would say to a franchise status, we were in the mid 7s in terms of a cap rate on those sales which frankly compares very favorably to where we are trading as a Company. And if I looked at the relative quality of what we were selling compared to what we are retaining, that relationship looks even more attractive.
Anthony Powell: Got it. And just following up on that, so if there aren't materially more asset sales, do stock buybacks stop this year or would you just use cash proceeds or cash flow to fund share buybacks?
Ed Walter: I think we have with the sales that we have completed, we do have I would say some extra cash that could be invested in the stock buyback. Some of that will obviously get tied into what our ultimate dividend requirement is going to be. And I think we are still interested in buying back stock. Obviously as you look at the price that we have paid in this most recent quarter, part of what governs our activity in the stock is where the stock price is. But I think we are still open to additional stock repurchase.
Anthony Powell: All right, that is it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And will take our next question from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly: If I maybe could just stick with the question on dispositions for a moment, Ed, I am just curious. I mean if assuming markets are cooperative, is there a particular goal that you have in mind? I mean where you would like to be with the portfolio looking beyond just the sales you are contemplating for 2016? I wasn't sure if you had a number of assets, a number of markets or other sort of metrics that shapes how you are thinking about where you would like to bring the portfolio?
Ed Walter: Jeff, it is a good question. I would tell you that with maybe just a few exceptions, I would say that we have sold the bulk of the hotels that we would have started, when we looked at the, started to look at commencing a sale program three or four years ago, we sold the bulk of the hotels that we felt we were either quality reasons, capital reasons or likely underperformance of the market reasons. We sold the bulk of the hotels that we would like to do. There are a couple more that I think we would like to sell where we would view them as perhaps detractors in the long run from our likely performance. But not that many. I mean I am really talking about a small handful of hotels. So I would say that it ultimately moving past perhaps selling that handful of hotels, it really just comes down to a function of pricing and in a market that seems to be a little less robust than where it had been, I would probably say at this moment I am not as optimistic that we are necessarily going to be selling a lot of additional hotels unless we see pricing start to improve.
Jeff Donnelly: So in other words it is not $500 million down and $3 billion to go or something like that?
Ed Walter: No, I think that, no, definitely, definitely not. At least not on our current perspective.
Jeff Donnelly: And just sticking on the sales question, can you maybe just give us a little more color about what you have learned from the marketplace with dispositions in terms of how buyers are underwriting? Are they kind of looking at on a per key basis, is it sort of cash flow yields or is it an IRR driven buyer? And I guess if I could I just had one other question on just group trends.
Ed Walter: Yes, I think it is a little bit dependent on the type of buyer that you are dealing with. So the international buyers tend to be looking more at long-term storage of value and tend to, what we have found in our conversations with them trends toward the higher quality assets. The financial buyers that are probably, are using more leverage than what we might necessarily use seems to me that they are primarily focused on a cash flow stream that will generate a fairly attractive rate of return and provide some cushioning against what might happen later in the cycle and trying to rely less on a growth in the value of the asset in terms of either certainly cap rate compression or just a significant increase in value down the road. So it seems to be it is much more around current cash flow in terms of a driver for them.
Jeff Donnelly: Thinks. And the question I just had on group and I will yield the floor is that just earlier in the year I think you guys had shared measures on group attrition and cancellations and just in the year bookings that maybe they weren't necessarily moving in the right direction. Can you just talk about how those trends have moved from Q1 and into Q2 and maybe how that shapes your thinking for next year as we roll forward? And I think you gave a metric earlier on the call about your group pace being up single digits in 2017. Do you recall what that same metric was last year looking at 2016?
Ed Walter: Yes, let me try to address the first part of your question then come back to that. So I think what we indicated earlier in the year was that we certainly had very strong group bookings. And I think at the end of the first quarter as we look through the rest of the year, we thought we were up I think it was around 5% to 6%. And what we said at the time was because we were running so far ahead in terms of the prior year in terms of group bookings that to some degree there was just not as many nights in rooms that were still capable of being sold in a lot of those hotels for group. And so we were expecting that what would happen over the course of the year is that group would still be very strong but that it would generally fall to a level of production or from a revenue perspective that was consistent with the overall range of RevPAR guidance that we were providing at that point in time. So we were suggesting that yes, we might be up 5% to 6% right now but given at that point in time, we were talking 3% to 4% in terms of RevPAR. We expected the group revenues would ultimately moderate and be more in line with that level. If I were to look out today looking out for the rest of the year, I would say that what we generally were expecting was going to happen with group which was that the lead that we had over the prior year would probably condense a bit and that has happened. I think we still feel pretty confident about group for the second half of the year. I might on the margin say because we have seen a little bit of incremental weakness in short term group bookings that we are a hair less confident in terms of how group compares to what we thought in April. But by and large when we look at our booking pace through the remainder of the year and calibrate that with expectations of what we actually expect to generate, we still feel pretty good about our group business. When we look into next year, I would say that we are probably running a little bit behind. Our growth for '17 is not as strong as our growth for 2'16. Our growth for '16 thinking back to calendar '15 was sort of mid single digits for most of 2015. So we are behind in terms of a rate of growth but of course remember, we have been saying for a while, including a lot of last year, that the group bookings for 2016 were quite strong. We are still saying that our group bookings for 2017 are better than our group bookings for 2016. So we are slated to have a better year for group in terms of absolute amount of group nights and absolute group revenues in 2017. But that rate of improvement right now would be slightly lower than what we were forecasting a year ago for 2016.
Jeff Donnelly: Thanks, that was very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Ryan Meliker with Canaccord Genuity.
Ryan Meliker: I just wanted to talk a little bit about the guidance reduction for the back half of the year. You gave some good color on group pace and the idea that you are expecting transient trends to slow, or not slow but remain soft I guess. Can you give us some color on what type of macro outlook -- I am assuming you have some type of macro model that you use to help drive kind of transient RevPAR demand trends for the back half of the year?
Ed Walter: Sure. I would say that what we have found over the years was the best indicator for what was going to happen to corporate transient is generally tied to what is happening in terms of business investment. If investment activity is higher, travel seems to be -- business transient seems to be stronger. And while I didn't have much time to absorb the GDP report that came out early this morning, I did note that business investment was off in the second quarter and I think it might have even been off more than 2%. So, I wouldn't say that our approach to this is so scientific that we calibrated with our expectations for business investment would be for the second half of the year. I think that would presume too much. But we did assume, based on the data that we have been seeing and the outlook that we will see from people that spend their time forecasting that, is it generally was expected to be weaker. So, until that changes, we assume that corporate travel will probably, it will still be there but the growth and the demand from that side will not be as strong as it might have been in the past. And that is one of the reasons why, as we look at the transient side of our business, and I think it is clear from my comments that that is the part of our business that disappointed us in Q2, that is the part of our business that we think is weaker in the second half of the year. We are assuming that we will see weakness in corporate demand consequently push us more toward some of the more price sensitive segments of leisure discount business. And that is what underlies the fact that we are adjusting our RevPAR guidance down for the second half of the year and obviously for the full year.
Ryan Meliker: I think that make sense. So, just to make sure I understand it correctly, it sounds like you are assuming that the soft business investment spend dynamic that we have seen in the first half of the year really persists through the back half of the year. Is that correct?
Ed Walter: That is correct, that is correct.
Ryan Meliker: Okay, so no acceleration or deceleration necessarily?
Ed Walter: Correct. I would say that if you were trying to look at what might change this dynamic a little bit and lead to stronger growth, it would be improvement in corporate investment which could then turn around, and you know corporate travel reacts very quickly both down and up. So, to the extent that the investment side of their business starts to their perspective changes, they get more optimistic, that is the one place for upside too.
Ryan Meliker: Okay, that is helpful. And then just one quick follow up. Greg, you had mentioned that you are expecting San Francisco to be a little softer in the back half of the year. I am wondering if you guys have tried to quantify the impact of the Moscone Center renovation, what you think that is going to do in 4Q and then next year?
Greg Larson: I mean look, it is certainly going to impact the second half of this year and certainly next year. But I don't have an exact number for you. But we are within our guidance that we gave today for our portfolio, 2% to 3% RevPAR growth, we are actually modeling San Francisco to have a slight to be slightly negative in the second half of the year.
Ryan Meliker: Okay. And is it reasonable for us to assume that it will be slightly negative again next year?
Ed Walter: Expect it to be negative? I think it is awfully early right now to try to provide an outlook relative to 2017. But what I can tell you that at least as a concern is that when we were looking at our bookings for next year, one of the markets that was has been weakest in terms of bookings for 2017 was San Francisco. So, there is clearly going to be some impact from the closing of the the construction activity around the convention center.
Operator: Thank you. Will now take our next question from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: I was hoping that maybe we could drill down a little bit on the rates. And I know that in 2Q and I think even in 1Q your mix shifting had a lot to do with it. And so I am trying to get a sense for how much of the rate under performance may be relative to your expectations is just mix and how much of it is real time softening on the transient side?
Ed Walter: I would say it is a combination of both. So if I look across our different segments, I would say that in the lower price segments, government or in some of our discount segments, we actually had fairly strong rate growth. So for instance, our government business from a rate perspective was up 4.4%. And our discount business was up about 3%. So we saw a good jump in those segments. Where we saw ,if we did see, as our highest price business in retail and some of the, that segment, we did see some rate decline. So I would tell you at the end of the day it is a combination of both. The good news is the segments we did more we had growth in also had higher rate. So that is positive. The downside is that the actual rates of business, the rate that we charge those customers tends to be lower than the rate that we would charge our most expensive retail customer. So it was a combination of at the top level some weakness, some negative rate growth combined with a lot of rate shift, mix shift.
Chris Woronka: Okay, great. And then also wanted to ask you, it seems to be with all of the uncertainty out there the trend is kind of lower shorter booking windows. Are you guys working with the brands? Do you think there, could this be more of a longer term trend and do you think the brands are kind of on top of it and are you working with them to maybe look at changes in policies or things like that?
Ed Walter: I don't know that we are necessarily seeing right now that the booking window is shorter. I mean I, we are, as we have reached higher occupancy levels, we have generally seen the booking window extended. And we are still seeing even looking out to 2018, we are still seeing good growth in our group business. So I don't know that we would necessarily sit here and say that we think the window has shortened so far this year.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. Thanks, Ed.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Harry Curtis, Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Ed, you have seen a couple of lodging cycles and certainly Greg is no spring chicken, right, Greg? 
Greg Larson: That is the pot calling the kettle black.
Harry Curtis: All right, let's get on with it. I did stir the pot. So the question is, if you have seen the deceleration in corporate investment, through these cycles have you ever seen it reaccelerate once you see these trends in group bookings begin to soften?
Ed Walter: Harry, that is a good question. And I am trying to think back. Certainly the last two downturns, my guess is is that your general assumption is that once it rolled over, it continued to head down. Now what is different though is that in both of those last two cycles in 2001, it had started to go negative in the beginning of the year and then obviously we had the attack on 9/11 followed by SARS followed by the war. So we sort of had, once things went a little south, I don't know that we necessarily got a chance to see how the economic environment was going to play out in kind of in this context. There was a lot of other events that intervened to create a problem. And of course the financial recession had somewhat of a similar tempo to it. So coming back to what we might expect this time, I do think that if you look at what the Fed just said in what they came out with earlier this week, I don't know that they are necessarily acting or speaking in the context of thinking that the economy is about to roll over. I have a feeling just sort of if looking at this through my own lens is that part of what Corporate America is trying to figure out is what does Brexit mean, what does this unsettled -- these attacks that have happened across the world, who in the world is going to be the next President of the United States and what exactly -- what policies are they going to pursue? So I can't -- the last thing I am going to try to do is predict the future in terms of economics. But I could look at this and say that if the Fed is right that the underlying economy is actually fairly healthy, then if companies had a different perspective about some of these issues that I think do affect people's willingness to invest, I think there is an opportunity to see corporate investment improve. I believe that the consensus forecast for next year does call for some slight improvement in business investment, not robust but some slight improvement. So not that they have necessarily been right at all through this cycle, but if they were right, then that might offer an opportunity to see some improvement.
Harry Curtis: Okay, and then.
Ed Walter: Checking my data on that. The most recent blue-chip consensus talks about corporate investment next year at 3.1%. So that was down a little bit from where it had been the prior quarter but still pretty positive. So I think that will be -- in our mind based on given that we see that being a fairly influential indicator for us, we will have to see how that plays out.
Harry Curtis: Thank you for that. And then my second question is, what do you need to see to take the base dividend up?
Ed Walter: Generally what we have done is tie our dividend to our taxable income. So one of the biggest drivers there would be we would need to see our taxable income continue to increase. We have generated incremental taxable income as a result of our asset sales. And so one of the things we will provide more clarity on I would expect at our next conference call is the degree to which we would have a special dividend. I would say that certainly in terms of thinking about the dividend long term, we are certainly focused on having a dividend set at a level that we are comfortable in maintaining even to the extent we might go through a period of weakness. And we are certainly comfortable at the level we are at today that we could do that.
Harry Curtis: Okay, that is it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Ed, earlier in the call you talked about that the third quarter would be considerably better than the fourth quarter in terms of RevPAR growth. Are you anticipating that your third-quarter RevPAR growth will accelerate from Q2 levels?
Ed Walter: Yes.
Joe Greff: Okay. And your explanation for that would be September group, presumably and the timing of the Jewish holidays?
Ed Walter: Yes, I think we were not necessarily expecting that July would be any stronger than what we had seen in Q2 but we do have very strong group bookings in August. And we have strong group bookings in September. I think as you were I think alluding to there a part of that is due to the fact that the Jewish holidays have shifted into October. So we are not necessarily expecting acceleration in July but we do expect a strong August and September.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Will take our next question from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: When you look at prior election cycles, how do I guess transient and group react going into an election? Is it normal to see this type of pause?
Ed Walter: I don't know that we have necessarily identified a trend. I mean the two trends that we have seen is that sometimes a market like Washington will end up with a little bit softer business in the fourth quarter because when you are having a nationwide election, most of the elected officials tend to be out of the city. And since that they draw for business in Washington, we've sometimes seen some softening of business in DC related to that. We have generally seen that the election week ends up being relatively slow on the group side because at least larger groups are reluctant to schedule an event that would overlap Election Day. And so that is one of the reasons why we have indicated really for the last couple of quarters now we have highlighted the fact that we were not overly confident about the fourth quarter. One reason is the holiday shift but the other was the fact that we felt that this Election Day would be one that groups would be reluctant to book in. So, I think what we are going to find when we get to the fourth quarter, not to get too far ahead of ourselves here, is that you are going to see some incredibly strong weeks because group is going to be very compacted into the sort of the open weeks of that quarter and then those weeks that are affected either by the election or by the holiday will probably be fairly weak.
Wes Golladay: Okay and then going back to the San Francisco Convention Center next year, Marriott Marquis is obviously a headquarter hotel. It appears they are trying to put in as much in house group for you at the hotel. How much of the overall group in house and from the convention center do you think you can recapture just by their push the San Francisco travels push to help you fill up the hotel?
Ed Walter: Well, I don't know that that we don't have a precise forecast right now. But you've correctly identified exactly what we are trying to do. We do have a very good meeting platform there. We are trying to take full advantage of it to offset the loss of business that we might otherwise have gotten if the convention center had been not under construction and fully available.
Wes Golladay: Okay, so qualitatively maybe are you more encouraged maybe than at the beginning of the year?
Ed Walter: I am not certain that, I think we are still going to end up finding that we have a weaker year in San Francisco and that group bookings are going to probably at the Marquis will probably be down for the full year. I just think that we do enough business that is associated with the convention center that we have we do have a great meeting platform but I don't know that it is big enough to completely replace all of the citywide business. The one thing I would say though is that while the convention business will be off in San Francisco, we do think we have a very attractive hotel or hotels that are in great locations in that market. So, we are going to have a it is going to be a struggle to overcome some of the weakness on the group side but we are in good locations from a transient perspective too.
Greg Larson: Wes, you really picked the most two extreme markets; DC has a very, very strong group booking pace for next year but then as Ed just mentioned, San Francisco is fairly weak for next year.
Wes Golladay: And to follow up with that comment, I guess San Diego is probably going to do quite well with the complete renovation of the ballroom? Is that going to start being a big lift next year?
Ed Walter: Yes, we are seeing San Francisco as being -- or San Diego, rather, being quite strong the second half of the year and I think we believe that carries into next year too. I mean San Diego should be one of our best markets in the second half of the year.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: We have a final question from Shaun Kelley, Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I was just wondering if we could get a quick update on your outlook for supply. We talked a lot about 2016 maybe last quarter and before but as you are looking out to 2017, any shift in some of your largest markets as we think about New York, San Francisco, LA, Boston and DC?
Ed Walter: Yes, I think in general what we are -- the pattern that we have seen the last few years is that there is of course estimates from the experts in terms of what is going to happen with supply growth for the beginning of the year. And then normally what seems to happen is by the time we get to this point in the year or a little bit later, we begin to realize that the supply growth that is actually going to materialize is slightly less just because projects have a tendency to be delayed. And so this year I think we started off the year thinking that nationwide supply was probably going to be just under 2 and now it feels like it might be more in that 1.6, 1.7 range, which is not a huge difference. But still on the margin, a little bit better. So that is sort of 2016. We are expecting that supply next year will increase somewhat. I think we see that both across the industry and we also see that in the upper price points in the top 20 markets. So again I would say we are probably expecting the industry supply to be a little bit over 2 and probably expect that the supply in the top 20 markets is a little bit higher than that. I would also guess though that at some point we are going to see the same sort of lengthening of the delivery time for that supply which will hopefully maybe pull back down a little bit. New York continues, New York and Houston and Miami tend to be the markets that continue to see the strongest supply. Seattle might be one more that falls into that category. We are seeing while supply for New York will continue to be robust and a lot of it is under construction, my sense in looking at the data was we were seeing fewer projects that were projected to start in the next 12 months and fewer projects in planning. So we are hoping that that may signal a return to some level of rationality around New York supply. But we are not going to see the benefits of that in 2017.
Shaun Kelley: Great, that is helpful. And just one follow up or [nit] was I think you mentioned early on in the prepared remarks that international demand was down about 7% for the quarter. Could you just give us a sense of where that came in for, where that was trending in Q1?
Ed Walter: I think it was right around that same level, maybe a percent or so higher. Again as I have said in the past, this is a little bit of an imprecise science. But I think in looking back at our comments for the prior quarter, we were probably, we might have been just a hair higher in terms of Q1. And some of that would be reflective of the fact that the relationship between the US dollar in some of those other currencies is you are starting to lap over when we had an impact last year.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
Ed Walter: Great, well thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciated the opportunity to review our second-quarter results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We look forward to providing a further update during our third-quarter call in November. Have a great weekend. And travel often for the remainder of the summer. If you haven't looked at our website lately, it has got some great suggestions on places to stay. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Investor Relations Edward Walter - President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Larson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Smedes Rose - Citigroup Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Arpine Kocharian - UBS Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Research Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Ryan Meliker - Canaccord Genuity David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Kris Trafton - Credit Suisse Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Eric. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter 2016 earnings call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we're not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, and our 8-K filed with the SEC, and the supplemental financial information on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results, and then we'll discuss our disposition and redevelopment activity, as well as our Company's outlook for 2016. Greg will then provide greater detail on our first quarter performance by markets. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now I would like to turn the call over to Ed.
Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report that 2016 is off to a solid start on multiple fronts. Less disruption from renovation allowed our hotels to outperform the industry on the topline in the quarter and contributed to better-than-expected improvements in margins and profitability. We also continue to make progress on the initiatives we commenced in 2015 to position Host Hotels for continued growth and value creation, including the disposition of non-core assets and returning capital to shareholders. Let's start with a review of our results. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $345 million, which reflects an increase of 7.5% over last year, and which exceeded both our expectations and consensus estimates. Our first quarter adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.41, exceeding consensus estimates and reflecting a 17% increase over last year. These results were driven by several factors. First, demand growth in our portfolio was quite strong, as comparable hotel occupancy grew by 2.1 percentage points, allowing the portfolio to achieve 75.5% occupancy, which represents our highest Q1 occupancy rate since 2000. While we attribute roughly half of this occupancy growth to the reduced levels of construction disruption, overall it still reflects solid demand growth for our hotels. When combined with average rate growth of 0.7%, the comparable hotel portfolio achieved RevPAR growth 3.6% in constant currency, which exceeded the industry luxury upper-upscale average by 170 basis points. The strong demand growth we experienced was driven primarily by our transient segments. Our transient demand, reduced for the effect of the extra day related to leap year, was up 5%, with solid improvements across all segments other than special corporate. Transient demand growth was the highest in February and March, with the latter aided by the early Easter holiday, which accelerated spring break travel. Conversely, our Group business experienced a demand decrease of slightly more than 2% for the quarter, which was generally caused by a very weak March, driven by the shift in the Easter holiday. In what we viewed as a favorable sign, corporate group actually increased 2.7% during the quarter. However, that increase was offset by a slight decline in association business and a larger decline in other group, which related in part to the change in the venue of the NBA All-Star game from New York in 2015 to Toronto in 2016. Strong increases in corporate group rates helped drive an overall group ADR increase of 1.8%, which translated into a slight increase in total group revenues. The expected lower level of group activity contributed to a moderate comparable hotel F&B revenue growth of just 1%, as banquet growth increased slightly less than 1% and outlets grew by 1.4%. We expect these growth levels to improve going forward as group activity picks up again in subsequent quarters. With other revenue growth improving by 3.7%, overall revenue grew by 3.2%. As Greg will describe in more detail, lower utility costs and the implementation of new operating methods allowed us to increase comparable hotel EBITDA margins by 90 basis points, which exceeded our expectations and contributed to solid hotel EBITDA growth of 6.8%. As we've discussed on prior calls, we are very focused on actively managing our portfolio and efficiently allocating capital. We continue to make good progress on our asset sales program, with three asset sales completed during the first quarter, generating proceeds of over $120 million. We have five additional assets under contract, representing gross proceeds of $340 million, with closings anticipated during the second quarter. Given our general goal of upgrading the portfolio as we complete these sales, it is worth noting that the average RevPAR of these sold or under contract hotels is $112, which falls far short of our first quarter portfolio average of $166. In addition to these expected dispositions, we are currently marketing roughly another $0.5 billion worth of assets. While the market is not as robust as last year, we are seeing some signs of improvement in the debt markets and believe that we will be successful in selling additional hotels through the remainder of the year, assuming current market conditions continue. As we have previously discussed, these asset sales will generate tax gains which will likely require a special dividend at year-end. Given that our current stock price is trading at a meaningful discount to NAV, we believe that the primary use of sale proceeds in excess of dividend and debt repayment requirements is to buy back our stock. We repurchased an additional $81 million in stock this quarter, bringing our total to $758 million since the institution of our initial program in April of last year. In combination with our recent dividend payment, we have returned more than $230 million to shareholders in the last 60 days. Now let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for the remainder of 2016. As I mentioned, our results in Q1 exceeded our expectations and we continue to anticipate even stronger results in Q2 and Q3. Given that our group revenue pace in these two quarters is up more than 6.5%, and the generally high occupancies we typically run during those months, usually in excess of 80%, should help drive better improvement in ADR. At this point, we anticipate that we will experience a more muted but still positive fourth quarter, as the Jewish holiday shift and nationwide election night will reduce group demand, and the traditionally lower occupancy occupancies in the fourth quarter could restrain rate growth. Looking at comparable hotel RevPAR on a full-year perspective, we remain very comfortable with our full-year range of 3% to 4%. Given our strong first quarter comparable hotel EBITDA margin growth, we are increasing our range of full-year improvement to 25 to 65 basis points. This would translate to a full-year adjusted EBITDA of $1.440 billion to $1.475 billion FFO per share of $1.65 to $1.69. It is important to note that our EBITDA estimate for the year was previously reduced by $14 million for the sales that we had closed or under contract in February, and it has been reduced by an incremental $16 million today for the additional sales we have identified. Had we not placed these latter assets under contract, our EBITDA range would have increased by approximately $9 million at the midpoint from our prior guidance? That being said, we are confident that we are taking a disciplined approach to portfolio management and continuing to dispose of non-core assets will better position us in the long run for future growth and success. In summary, we are very pleased with our strong first quarter results and remain confident about our outlook for the remainder of 2016. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in much greater detail. 
Gregory Larson: Thank you, Ed. Overall, we are pleased with our solid results this quarter. The domestic markets that outperformed the portfolio were San Francisco, Los Angeles, DC, and Atlanta, while Latin America was the outperformer in our international markets. Several of our hotels in markets such as Denver, Boston, San Diego, Phoenix ,and Chicago had a slower start, but are expected to improve throughout the rest of the year. First, I will provide some specific commentary on our major markets. Our hotels in San Francisco had an impressive quarter, with RevPAR growing 12.5% on a difficult comp of 15.4% growth last year. San Francisco hosted the Super Bowl this quarter, and all of the RevPAR growth came from double-digit ADR gains, for a total increase in ADR of 12.7%. In addition, occupancy remained stable at a very high 80%. However, we expect the expansion of the Moscone Convention Center will negatively impact the San Francisco hotels for the remainder of 2016. As a result, our San Francisco hotels may underperform our portfolio in the remaining quarters. RevPAR at our properties in Los Angeles grew at 12.2% in the first quarter, driven by an 8.7% increase in ADR and a 2.6 percentage point increase in occupancy to 83.2%. A solid group base at our Marina Del Rey Ritz-Carlton and Marriott hotels, strong transient demand at several of our other hotels, and tailwinds from the Newport Beach, Bayview and Westin South Coast Plaza renovations last year drove a RevPAR increase this quarter. Looking forward, group booking pace in Los Angeles looks very strong, as the market is expected to host additional citywides this year. As a result, we expect good performance from our Los Angeles properties. Despite the negative impact of the major East Coast snowstorm in January, RevPAR at our DC hotels increased 7.3%, significantly outperforming the STAR upper-upscale RevPAR increase of only 0.4%. This increase was primarily driven by a 4.3 percentage point increase in occupancy, as well as average rate growth of 0.7%. Several of our DC hotels benefited from renovations completed last year. Based on strong group booking pace for these hotels, combined with our expectations that we will continue to see benefits from our completed renovation, we expect our properties in DC to achieve solid results in the second quarter. In Atlanta, RevPAR increased 5.2% for the quarter as a result of average rate growth of 3.5% and occupancy increase of 1.2 percentage point. Our hotel operator successfully executed on their strategy to grow weekend and [show their] room night. With supply in the market well below the historical average and strong group revenues on the books for the second quarter, we expect our assets in Atlanta to continue to outperform the portfolio in the second quarter. Shifting to markets that underperformed the portfolio this quarter, Denver was the worst performing market in the portfolio with a RevPAR decline of 2.8%. We primarily attribute this to the renovations at the Westin Denver Hotel and a supply increase in the downtown corridor, which is impacting the hotel's ability to drive rate and occupancy. Despite these factors, our Denver hotels outpaced the STAR upper-upscale result by 90 basis points. We expect results to improve at our hotels in Denver in the second quarter.  Our Boston hotels experienced a RevPAR decline of 1.9% in the first quarter, driven entirely by a rate decrease of 3%, while occupancy improved 80 basis points. A decrease in citywides this quarter caused our hotel operators shift from higher rated group business to lower rated transient business. The entire Boston market was challenged, as evidenced by the STAR upper-upscale RevPAR decline of 30 basis points. We anticipate that with additional citywide events scheduled at the Hynes Convention Center for the remainder of the year, results at our Boston hotels will strengthen going forward. RevPAR at our assets in San Diego declined 80 basis points this quarter due to the renovation of the Coronado Marriott and a higher mix of lower rated group business to offset a shortage of citywide room nights. Despite the slow start in San Diego, we expect the hotels in this market will strengthen through the rest of 2016, as the city is expected to benefit from an increase in citywide room nights for the remainder of the year, especially in the third quarter. Moving to Phoenix, hotel RevPAR increased 10 basis points in the quarter due to the difficult comparison of the Super Bowl benefit last year. Despite that, we outperformed the STAR upper-upscale RevPAR by 70 basis points. Phoenix is another market with supply still projected to be below the historical average. That, combined with a strong booking pace for the second and fourth quarters, should translate to our properties outperforming our portfolio for the rest of the year. Our hotels in Florida underperformed the portfolio with a RevPAR increase of only 40 basis points. Milder weather in the Midwest and Northeast, plus cold weather in January and February in Florida, the media coverage of the Zika virus, decrease in international travel, and continued new supply hampered growth in the first quarter. Based on the weakness experienced in the first quarter, we anticipate our hotels in Florida to underperform the portfolio in the second quarter. While RevPAR at our Chicago assets improved just 30 basis points, our properties outperformed the STAR upper-upscale market by 860 basis points due to the benefits from room renovations at several of our hotels in 2015. The Chicago market was negatively impacted by a 53% decline in citywide room nights this quarter. Citywide room nights continue to decline in the market. However, we expect to benefit from strong in-house groups, which will result in improved performance at our Chicago hotels going forward. Despite the negative impact of the January snowstorm, the abundant new supply, our New York hotels experienced a positive 0.6% increase in RevPAR in the first quarter, outperforming the STAR upper-upscale market RevPAR decline of 2.1%. Our hotel managers in New York changed their strategy and began to add wholesale transient business three months out, which helped boost occupancy by 4.3% in a challenging rate environment. In addition, the New York Airport Marriott benefited from last year's renovation. Going forward, the New York market is expected to remain challenged as it continues to absorb new supply and, as a result, our hotels will likely underperform the portfolio in the second quarter. Moving to our international assets, these hotels had an impressive constant dollar RevPAR growth of 9.6% in the quarter. Latin America drove much of the international growth, with a constant dollar RevPAR increase of 22%, primarily from pre-Olympic test business in Rio. The Group booking pace our hotels in Rio due to the upcoming Olympics this summer, although demand in Brazil could be impacted by the potential presidential impeachment, continued weakness in oil, and concerns over Zika. Shifting to our European joint venture, terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels negatively impacted our results, with a RevPAR decline of 3.1% in constant euros this quarter. Negative results in Paris, Brussels, and London were somewhat mitigated by positive results in Amsterdam, Berlin, Barcelona, and Madrid. We expect continued weakness in Paris, Brussels, and London as travel alerts and warnings continue to be issued. However, positive market fundamentals still exist in Europe, including the fact that supply remains low at approximately 1% and the weak euro to the U.S. dollar could drive demand from the US to Europe. Moving to our margins, our comparable EBITDA margin expansion of 90 basis points is very impressive; especially considering the majority of the RevPAR increase this quarter was attributable to occupancy growth. Part of this notable EBITDA margin growth is the result of our cost savings initiatives, such as time and motion studies to improve productivity at many of our hotels, as well as energy ROI projects. The third-party time and motion studies, combined with our internal initiatives, resulted in sustainable productivity improvements of 17 basis points this quarter. The utility cost decline was the result of the mild winter and favorable gas and electric prices, in addition to our properties beginning to realize the benefits of our cost-saving energy ROI initiatives. We have invested in numerous projects over the past year, from small projects such as the conversion to LED lighting and replacement of showerheads, to major projects such as solar panels in Maui, and steam-to-gas conversions in New York. In the first quarter, hotels that had completed energy ROI projects decreased their utility costs by approximately 16.5%, which is seven percentage points better than those hotels that did not have energy ROI projects. Given the positive margin results in the first quarter, we now expect 2016 comparable EBITDA margin to increase 25 to 65 basis points. We also expect approximately 29% to 30% of our total EBITDA to be generated in the second quarter. As discussed in our press release, during the first quarter, we repurchased 5.1 million shares for a total purchase price of $81 million. Since the inception of this share repurchase program in April 2015, we have now bought back 43.4 million shares of common stock for a total purchase price of approximately $758 million. We currently have $242 million of capacity remaining under the repurchase program. In addition, we paid a regular first quarter cash dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents a yield of 5.1% on the current stock price. Given our strong operating outlook and significant free cash flow generation, we are committed to sustaining a meaningful dividend. In addition, based on the disposition plan for non-core assets we have outlined and continue to execute on, we anticipate that asset sales will likely result in taxable gains, which could lead to a special dividend. While special dividends will vary and be one-time distributions, it should result in a meaningful return of capital to our stockholders. Moving to one of the key pillars of strength and competitive advantage, our balance sheet. We had approximately $234 million of cash and $4 billion of debt. We continue to maintain a leverage ratio as calculated under our credit facility of 2.8 times, which is approximately half that of our lodging peers, and one-third that of our REIT peers. Subsequent to quarter end, we drew on the credit facility to repay the $100 billion mortgage loan secured by the Hyatt Regency Reston hotel, bringing our encumbered properties to just three consolidated assets in Asia. Upon exiting the Asia market, we will no longer have any consolidated assets that are encumbered by mortgage debt. Finally, as we mentioned in today's press release, due to the adoption of the new accounting pronouncement regarding consolidation, we deconsolidated the partnership that owns the Harbor Beach Marriott and recasted the prior period to reflect the new treatment. As a result of the adoption, the operations of the property are no longer presented in other revenues on our income statement, and instead reported as a net amount in equity and earnings of affiliates. Therefore, revenues for the first quarter 2016 and 2015 exclude rental income of $15 million earned by the partnership. However, the adoption does not affect net income, adjusted EBITDA, or adjusted FFO. In summary, we are pleased with our results this quarter as our assets are benefiting from aggressive asset management strategies and the tailwinds from our comprehensive capital program in 2015.  This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. To ensure we have time to address questions from as many as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi, good morning, thanks. I wanted to ask you just to clarify something. You had mentioned that there was $16 million of incremental EBITDA associated with assets being sold. Is that associated with the five hotels that you put in your press release as under contract for $340 million?
Edward Walter: Yes, thats correct.
Smedes Rose: Okay, so those are being sold at over 20 times EBITDA?
Edward Walter: That's probably a little bit of an overstatement, because we are giving you the EBITDA that we will lose over the course of the remainder of the year compared to our original expectations.
Gregory Larson: That's right. The other thing I would add is in our prior press release, in our prior quarter, we had five assets, two under contract, two sold, three under contract for I think a total of $215 million. So to look at the proceeds, you have to take the proceeds of $340 million from this press release, subtract that from the $215 million, and then do the math that you were suggesting with the EBITDA.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thanks. And then Ed, I just wanted to ask you, are group revenues for the year still tracking at around 6% in total? And have you - are you hearing any sort of change in tenor on corporations willingness to send people either out on the transient front or on the group front, given GDP was pretty disappointing yesterday? Just kind of any color around that.
Edward Walter: Sure. Overall group revenues are trending lower than 6%. I think we identified back in February that, while we were running at roughly 6% up in bookings back in February, that we had assumed, because we had booked so many rooms in advance, that that number would likely decline over the course of the year. In fact, we continue to believe that and we continue to expect that our group revenues would fall within the range of overall RevPAR growth that we suggested, but likely towards the higher-end of that range. As it relates to corporate demand, we have seen special corporate drop, not every month, but in general, so there has been some weakness on that side. But as you look at corporate activity and translate that into group activity, our corporate business was actually up in the first quarter, which we viewed as a good sign. So, I am assuming that, given that we had a 0.5% GDP growth in the first quarter, we will likely see some choppiness over the course of the year from the corporate sector. That will depend a lot on particular industries, with finance being the one that seems to be a bit weaker. But we are not necessarily  we are certainly not seeing a wholesale trend across all corporations that they are cutting back.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it.
Gregory Larson: Smedes, I also would just like to clarify my first answer. So, on page 3 of the press release, if you add the hotels under contract for $340 million, plus the total sales, that obviously  adding those two together would get you to $461 million. If you do the same thing from our prior quarter's press release, you had $215 million. So the additional proceeds from those three additional assets are really $246 million. 
Smedes Rose: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next will be Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Rich Hightower: Hey, good morning guys.
Edward Walter: Good morning, Rich.
Rich Hightower: So I just want to go back to a quick comment that Ed made in the prepared remarks about debt markets improving in the context of future asset sales. So my question here is, if you could sort of characterize for us the composition of the buyer pool and which of those buyers are more debt dependent, more leveraged buyers, than maybe more equitized buyers that have a different cost of capital, different time horizon, and some of those considerations.
Edward Walter: Yes. I would say right now, given that the REITs are generally, with maybe an exception or two, out of the acquisition market, that the two broadly defined groups of buyers would be international capital, which seems to generally be less leverage sensitive, and then domestic capital, which I think tends to be real estate opportunity funds or operators aligned with financial partners. And that group, it does seem to be fairly sensitive to changes in debt availability. So, I would say by  just to provide a little clarification around my comment, we are not saying that the debt markets are anywhere near as strong as they were last year. But we were seeing a very severe trend in the end of last year, beginning of this year, and sort of weakening in terms of turns. And we are starting to hear some signs that availability has improved a little bit. In some cases, spreads have come in a little bit. But again, not back to where it was in the past, but at least a better trend than what we were feeling at the end of the last year or the first month or two of this year. 
Rich Hightower: All right, that is helpful, Ed. And then one quick follow-up. Is there any specific reason that share repurchase volume in the first quarter decelerated somewhat meaningfully from the fourth quarter, for instance? Or is it just a question of timing with the asset sales, or something else?
Edward Walter: I think it was primarily related to the fact that the asset sales had not yet closed. As I think we said last quarter, we are comfortable right now with the environment that we are in, sort of stage of the cycle we are in with where our leverage is. So, in general, while it's not specifically tied to asset sales, the pace of our stock buyback activity will generally relate or correlate with our ability to get asset sales done. So we are very encouraged by the overall pace of our activity. But I guess I would say we have all been around long enough to know that just because you are under contract with money at risk doesn't necessarily mean things are going to close. So, we are waiting to get those closings completed before we necessarily accelerate activity.
Rich Hightower: All right. That makes sense, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hi, I thought it was interesting that your occupancy was a strong as it was in the first quarter in the context that industry occupancy was down. I mean you obviously had renovation tailwinds this year, as occupancy was down 70 basis points last year. But can you just given any more color on what is driving the occupancy and how to think about it for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Edward Walter: Yes, I would agree with you that we certainly  as we looked at our results and compared them to what we saw in the industry, we were very pleased to see the occupancy growth that we had. Now, some chunk of that was due to the fact that there were rooms out of service, but I think largely we attribute it to the fact that we had very good leisure demand. Perhaps not in Florida, but in pretty much all of our other markets. And on a relative basis to the industry, I suspect our group demand was fairly strong, too. So, as we look through the rest of the year, given the fact that we've got a very strong group base, we are expecting to see  I don't know that we would necessarily expect to see occupancy growth at the same rate going forward as we have right now. We probably would expect to see our RevPAR growth lean a little bit more towards rate growth going forward, just because these next couple quarters are months where we start off with a really strong occupancy base. But we would still expect to see some gains in occupancy throughout the rest of the year.
Thomas Allen: And then just my follow-up. Were you tempted at all to bring up the high-end of your RevPAR guidance after this quarter? I mean you have Hilton and Marriott guiding at three to five. You had stronger first quarter results than them, so were you tempted at all to bring it up?
Edward Walter: We are always tempted. But I guess what I would say is that we were pleased with the way the first quarter played out. I think that we took what we thought was an appropriately conservative perspective on RevPAR at the beginning of the year. Our properties are more optimistic right now than we are. But on the other hand is what was demonstrated in first quarter GDP is the economies maybe not quite as robust as we all would like to see. So, I think for right now, sitting where we are and feeling very comfortable with where we are, it was the right answer for us.
Thomas Allen: Thank you.
Operator: Next will be Robin Farley with UBS.
Arpine Kocharian: Hi, thank you. This is actually Arpine for Robin. And to follow-up on that question, actually, you had mentioned the tougher comps in Q1 and Q4. And it seems like Q1 came in slightly better than what you expected. Does that mean the shift impact on Q2 is a little bit less now, unless there is a shift within your guidance range? And then do you still expect Q3 to be strongest in group business?
Edward Walter: Yes, so I don't know that we necessarily were commenting on tough comps in Q1. I think what I was saying in my prepared remarks, and I will elaborate a bit, is that we have exceptionally strong group bookings in Q2 and Q3. And those are months where we run at higher occupancy levels. And it is what we have been seeing of late, is in general, when we are running at higher occupancy levels that seems to be when we have the best opportunity to push rate. So thats why we feel very good about Q2 and Q3. And I would confirm what you said, which is that today our group bookings for Q3 are the strongest that we have throughout the entire year. Q4 is impacted by a number of things. I think what probably matters most is the shift in the Jewish holiday, which will now impact October. And secondly, the fact that this year's election will probably Q1 that most people want to pay attention to. The net of those two things is we would expect less group business in the fourth quarter. And then finally, the other reason why we expect the fourth quarter to be a hair weaker is the fact that November and December tend  the second half of November and December tend to be lower occupancy months. So what we experienced last year was that it was more difficult to push rate in those months. We are expecting that same sort of a scenario will apply again this year.
Arpine Kocharian: Right, thank you. And if I may, a quick follow-up. Now that we know that two of your large hotel managers are combining, as an owner of those assets could you talk a bit about the general sentiment among owners, what this could mean, whether in terms of loyalty programs, occupancy sharing, and just balancing of issues and opportunities?
Edward Walter: Well, I am not going to try and speak for what other owners might think, but I guess I would say from our perspective, we see both positives and benefits from this. I think what probably matters in some ways in the near-term, assuming that they navigate and we expect that they will - the challenges that exist around the integration. When we compare our cost structures leaving out management fees, between Starwood and Marriott. Right now Marriott - if our Starwood hotels sat within the Marriott system, we would be able to save costs and improve margins. So we are hoping that they execute as we expect they will, and that we ultimately get the benefit from that. I think that the challenge that the industry in general has identified with the combination is that there will be a number of brands that will all sit beneath one family, under one company, and it will be important to be thoughtful about how to continue to distinguish those brands. We look forward to working with Marriott in order to make certain that happens in a cost-effective manner.
Arpine Kocharian: Thank you.
Edward Walter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi, can you hear me.
Edward Walter: Now we can.
Steven Kent: Sorry about that. Can you just  I just have a question broadly on some of the hotel loyalty programs on booking direct. Has that impact did you positively or negatively? And then the other thing is, just on the pacing of asset sales over the next 12 months, what does the transaction environment look like? How are you thinking about that over the next year or two?
Edward Walter: Steve, it's a little hard right now for us to get a clear indication on how some of the booking direct programs were impacting us. We do know that, in an effort to drive more bookings directly to the website, there were some  there are some rate reductions. I would say I think that's probably contributed to less growth in our transient rate than what we might have normally seen in the past. Maybe and from that standpoint, a slight negative. The flipside is, of course, is that when you look at what gets through the bottom line, the cost of booking a reservation directly with an operator is significantly cheaper than if it were to happen through one of the OTAs. So we are certainly supportive of the overall strategy and we look forward to working with them to fine tune that as they move forward. As it relates to the asset sales, I think that market is clearly not as robust as it was last year. We do - as I indicated in my prepared remarks, in addition to the assets that are under contract at this point that we identified in the press release, we have another $0.5 billion of activity that we are working hard on and I would feel we are making good progress on. At this point, we would expect to attempt to sell additional assets in the second half of the year, but a lot of that will depend upon how we see the market evolve over the course of the summer and what the outlook seems to be for the second half of the year for transaction activity. So Im feeling relatively good about where we stand right now. I think we certainly were one of the first in the industry to begin to look to sell assets. We did not just come up with this idea in the last six to eight months. And I think we're made great progress overall on the sale program. I am hopeful that we will be able to keep going. But at this stage, I think we will have to take a little bit of a wait-and- see attitude for the second half of the year.
Steven Kent: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: And the next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley: Hey, good morning, guys. I just was wondering, I think in the prepared remarks you mentioned a little bit about some of the cost savings initiatives, and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about where we are in the roll - in the timing of the rollout of those. Like, is there a lot more to come on this? Are we relatively early on?
Edward Walter: I would guess it's a little hard to judge that in a vacuum. But I think we are probably about halfway through. My guess is we have implemented more than half of those measures already. And I would also tell you that we are not - just because we are - when I say we are halfway through, we are halfway through the first, call it, 20 to 25 hotels that we ran the program on. We are operating on a scaled down basis; been executing the program on some of our mid-sized hotels. The benefits there will not be as significant in a total dollar context as they were on the larger hotels, simply because the hotels are smaller. But as we work our way through getting the benefits from this, part of the structure of this program is that there is a bit of a cost-sharing relationship with the company that is helping us with that. And so, part of what we are - the second of the benefit we don't really pay for anything. Consequently, there is an opportunity for further pickup there.  So, I would say we have certainly gotten meaningful benefits. We would expect to continue to get more going forward.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thanks. And then my second or follow-up question would be to go back to the implications of Marriott and Starwood on the merger front. We had seen in the past around some of these prior integrations and with Marriott's rollout of Sales Force One some churn and some challenges that worked themselves out over time, but in the sales organization specifically. And you guys are obviously a very big group house for both of these brands. So, could you talk a little bit about what you think the sales impact might be as they start to integrate some of the direct property level sales managers and all of that? Is that something you think they are well prepared for and they have reached out to you on yet? Or how do you think that is going to play out?
Edward Walter: Shaun, it's probably a little early for us to try to have any informed comment on that. We have talked with them about some of their preliminary thoughts. And it certainly  the issues that you are identifying and the concerns that you are identifying are concerns that we have. But specifically how they are going to approach that, they have not given us any details on that yet. So, I think I am sure we will learn more as they move forward with consummating the merger and then working towards the integration. But they are not at the point now where they have given us significant detail on that.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next will be Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning everyone. Could you comment on how group production for future periods trended so far this year? Have you seen corporations pull back at all on their future group plans?
Edward Walter: Generally, the answer is that we have not seen corporations pulling back on the businesses that they already had on their books. There were some markets where we saw some slight  we saw some reduction in production compared to prior levels on smaller groups. But the larger  we are not seeing any  certainly not seeing any trend of significant cancellations. We are not seeing a trend of significant attrition compared to the levels that might have been under contract. It was interesting on the food and beverage side, just because that is something that we are clearly watching in this area, we actually saw in the first quarter that our spend for our food and beverage spend per group room night actually was up somewhere between 2.5% and 3%, which we viewed as fairly favorable, especially given some of the overall economic headwinds.
Anthony Powell: Right, got it, thanks. And we have heard some other REITs talk about better international inbound demand trends across the balance of the year. Are you seeing that and where could that be most impactful for your portfolio?
Edward Walter: That is always a little tricky to get information that we fully trust on that area. Our sense was that we were still down in the first quarter on international travel. Now, I would say we were fairly encouraged by some of the arrival data that we have been tracking, which goes through February, which showed that Europe was up mid-single digits, that China was up nearly 20%. Japan, actually  arrivals from Japan actually trended up, which was a nice change compared to what we saw last year. The two major inbound markets that we saw were down from the standpoint of air arrivals were Canada and Brazil, which were both down about 1%. So those were two markets where  I think in Brazil it is probably an economic situation; in Canada I think that's really being hit by the dollar. There was some discussion that  actually at our recent GM's meeting, that there was a feeling that we may start to see international improve in the summer, both because of some better circumstances in some of those countries, and also the fact that  if the U.S. dollar does not continue to strengthen, then the year-over-year change in the dollar is not as dramatic as what we saw in 2015. But that is on the come. We don't know whether or not that is actually going to happen.
Anthony Powell: All right, thank you.
Operator: Next question will be from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: To ask you on the RevPAR guidance, which has been at three to four since last time you reported. And it is a tighter range, obviously, than many of the others. Can we read into that, that maybe you have already grouped up a bit for the rest of the year, and that a lot of this is baked? And the question really is do you have I guess adequate if transient does reaccelerate, do you think you have a lot of upside to the number? Or is it the tighter range more a reflection of having more group and maybe a little bit less variability?
Edward Walter: I think to answer the last part of your question first, I think that the group activity that we have is very strong. And of course, as you know, it represents 37%, 38% of our overall business. We have always been more significantly weighted to group than the industry. I am comfortable that with that base, that to the extent that we saw a reacceleration in corporate transient, that we would  that would not present a problem for us, because that would just be directly reflected in the form of higher rates that we would be able to charge transient customers. And in fact, that is one of the reasons why we like to have a very solid group base. I think if you look more broadly at why we are where we are and others may be where they are in terms of outlook, I think some of this is the fact that we do have a very diversified portfolio. So, no market represents more than 11% of our EBITDA. We have got some exposure to some lower supply markets, whether it's Phoenix, Atlanta, or maybe New Orleans, where we are looking at very strong growth this year out of those markets. The fact that we have a significant chunk of our portfolio in some key resort assets I think also helps, because so far the trend we have been seeing this year is very strong leisure demand, and we hope that that continues. Then lastly, back to the group point, the large number of big group hotels that we have, which contribute meaningfully to our profitability, they are all in good physical condition. We've invested significantly in them, and this is the part of the cycle where they have an opportunity to truly perform, both at the top and the bottom. So, as I stated in response to a question before, we continue to be conservative in our approach to guidance. But we are  we feel very comfortable with where we are right now based on the information that we can evaluate.
Chris Woronka: Great, thanks. And just a quick follow-up. On the Marriott-Starwood merger, I think on paper the consensus this is going to have a lot of long-term benefits. Do you guys as you look out, whether it is second half or maybe even next year, is there any concern that there is any near-term slippage that maybe some of the larger competing brands try to take some of that business away temporarily as Marriott and Starwood sort some things out at the property levels?
Edward Walter: I guess what I would say is that we are certainly concerned, as anyone should be, that when two large companies that represent a significant chunk of your portfolio are merging, you hope that that merger happens and that integration happen as effectively and as quickly as it can. We have no doubt, based on our conversations with the folks at Marriott, that they understand the importance of getting that right. Not just for our own sake but obviously for their own success. They are a talented group of people and the one thing that Marriott has always been very good at execution. So, I don't want to underestimate the challenges that they face, but I certainly think that they are aware of what they are heading into and doing the best they can to manage that process. At the property  some of that - there obviously is activity that happens above the property on the marketing side. But I don't want to leave everybody with a sense that  when you look at who is running the hotel on a day-to-day basis, those folks are on-site at the property. As we just - again, we had a meeting with all of our GMs a week ago, and it was clear that in talking to both the Starwood and the Marriott GMs, they are all very enthusiastic about this combination. It dramatically improves their opportunity. It will facilitate cooperation in an appropriate manner in various markets where we may have assets branded under both companies. And I think in a lot of ways, at the property level, they are very fired up about what the future might bring. So, we are very focused on making certain that they stay focused on what they are doing, but we are very much aligned with those property GMs in terms of their activities. Again, we are certainly paying attention to this and we will be staying as close as we can to making certain that every effort is being made to complete the integration as quickly and completely as they can get it done. But I suspect we will be okay.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. Thanks, Ed.
Operator: And well go next to Ryan Meliker with Canaccord Genuity.
Ryan Meliker: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. Not to beat a dead horse, but I just want to talk a little bit about RevPAR growth. You guys came in the upper half of your range in the first quarter, with RevPAR coming in flat. And it sounds like your pace is up 6.5% in 2Q and 3Q. So, is there any reason for us to believe that RevPAR growth is not really going to accelerate over the next couple of quarters unless we see a fall-off on the transit side, which obviously the brands aren't forecasting and people seem to be getting more comfortable surrounding the macro, not less? Are there any particular portfolio-specific challenges that you see that might limit that RevPAR growth, is another way of asking that question.
Edward Walter: No, I think in general, what you described is generally what we expect, which is to see some improvement in Q2 and Q3, especially in Q3. And then I think Q4 is the part that is a little harder to judge at this point.
Ryan Meliker: Sure, and that's helpful. And then on the margin front, you guys were able to institute a lot of cost controls, grow margins pretty materially on a modest RevPAR growth environment. So do you think that you'll see similar type margin growth on increased RevPAR growth in 2Q and 3Q or are you lapping some challenges?
Gregory Larson: Ryan, I am not sure 90 basis points of margin growth with 3.6% RevPAR growth was stronger than what we would have predicted, so maybe we will be pleasantly surprised as we move forward as well. But sitting here today, as Ed said, we are expecting stronger RevPAR growth in both Q2 and especially in Q3. So that certainly should be helpful in margins. Obviously Ed, also mentioned that we expect to continue to have occupancy increases, but it will be more - the RevPAR increase will be more balanced between rate and occupancy, which also will be helpful for us. But having said that I dont know that that we can sit here and count on utility costs always being down 11% or more. So we will see. Obviously, we tried to take into account the success that we had in the first quarter and then we tried to - frankly, my view for the rest of the year is slightly stronger than what it was just a quarter ago. So we tried to take into account both of those things to come up with our new guidance of 25 basis points to 65 basis points.
Ryan Meliker: No, that is really helpful. Thanks, Greg. And then just one quick follow-up with regards to asset sales. If I think about this correctly, it sounds like you have got about $30 million of lost EBITDA this year from the $461 million in asset sales. A couple of those assets were sold in the middle of the first quarter, a few being sold later in this quarter, if we just assume roughly four months of ownership across the group. And that would mean that you have got eight months left, so we would true up the $30 million to roughly $45 million in annual EBITDA at $461 million. That is about 10 times EBITDA. Is that the right way to think about it? And then from the buyer perspective, how material are these PIPs? Are these guys paying significant CapEx that brings what they are paying even lower on an EBITDA multiple basis?
Gregory Larson: Ryan, I always appreciate fuzzy math to come up with multiples. But I think if you look at the eight assets that we talked about in our press release, the three that we have sold and the five under contract, and look at an aggregate EBITDA multiple, it is around 11 times. And so it is pretty - obviously pretty close to the multiple where our stock trades today.
Ryan Meliker: Sure. Any color on what type of PIPs that buyers might be looking at? Are these material PIPs, or has everything pretty much already been done on the assets that have been sold and the ones that you are looking to sell?
Edward Walter: It varies by asset. So in some cases, there is a sizable PIP, and in other cases there is virtually no capital required.
Ryan Meliker: Okay, thanks. Appreciate it.
Edward Walter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from David Loeb with Baird.
David Loeb: Just to continue on the asset sales, I just want to clarify, are there three new transactions since the fourth quarter call? So did the two carry over or did some fall out?
Edward Walter: There are three new ones and two that we had  two assets that were identified on the fourth quarter call have just not yet closed.
David Loeb: Okay. And is one of those a New York City hotel?
Edward Walter: New York City Hotel is not in the group of assets we've identified so far. That continues to be a priority. And I would hope that we would be able to announce further progress down the road on that, but we are not there yet.
David Loeb: Okay, great, thank you.
Gregory Larson: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Kris Trafton with Credit Suisse.
Kris Trafton: On the Marriott-Starwood merger. How we think about the potential risk of a nonunion hotel force in the collective bargaining, similar to what would happen with the IHG-Kimpton merger?
Edward Walter: Yes, I think that is certainly one of the issues that needs to be studied as part of this. And it's a unique thing to each individual market, so we dont have anything there that we are necessarily prepared to disclose, but that is certainly something that we are looking at as part of the valuating the overall impact of the merger.
Kris Trafton: Okay, great. And then just one more. With social issues oftentimes the main impediment to consolidation, what are your thoughts on taking a closer look at RLJ, with Tom moving over to Hilton?
Edward Walter: As tempting as it would be to discuss M&A activity, I just  I've generally found that the best answer to those sorts of things is to just not try to comment on potential M&A transactions until they are announced.
Kris Trafton: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: Yes, good morning everyone. You mentioned that group pace was trending a little bit lower than a 6% due to the elevated booking pace. What is your year-end expectation? Was that around the 4%? If I was hearing your comment correctly, is that a good goal for the year? And how much of that would be occupancy versus rate?
Edward Walter: Yes, I would say  I would probably would say we are somewhat  we are in the 3% to 4% range, and then we're expecting to be at the upper end of that range right now. I dont know that we got a clear delineation on what it is between occupancy and rate, but I would imagine it is about a 50-50 break.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then going to the New York transaction market, what are you seeing on the ground there? It looks like  what is the depth of the buyer pool? And then also, on the selling side, it looks like a lot of people want to exit the market. How does that compare versus maybe six months ago?
Edward Walter: I think there has been a high volume of transactions on the market from New York, for more than just the last six months. I would say that there is a high degree of buyer interest in the transactions that are there. As I mentioned on the last call, our sense is that the properties that have attracted the most interest are ones where there is potentially brand flexibility, or use of the building flexibility. Because that broadens the pool of folks that would be interested in a particular asset. So, I don't think there's any doubt that a lot of people are interested in looking at New York right now, but I would also agree with what you are implying, which is there's a lot of assets on the market.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Walter, at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to you for any additional remarks.
Edward Walter: Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook for the rest of the year. We look forward to providing you with more insight into how 2016 is playing out in our second quarter call in July. Have a great weekend everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - IR Edward Walter - President & CEO Gregory Larson - CFO
Analysts: Smedes Rose - Citi Harry Curtis - Nomura Robin Farley - UBS Shaun Kelly - Bank of America Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Anna. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we're not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, and our 8-K filed with the SEC, and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Greg will provide a brief -- Ed will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year results, and then we'll discuss our disposition and redevelopment activity, as well as our company's outlook for 2016. Greg will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter performance by markets. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. To ensure we speak to as many of you as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. Looking back on our performance in 2015, we had an active year and undertook a number of initiatives to capitalize on value enhancing opportunities to better position our company for continued growth and success. We sold more than $1 billion worth of hotels including five of our nine hotels in Asia as we make good progress on our plan to exit the Asia Pacific markets. We returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We invested more than $1 billion in new assets and capital improvement including the acquisition of the iconic Phoenician resort as a completion of the major redevelopment of four hotel and finally we refinanced more than $1.4 billion of debt reducing our average interest rate by 110 basis points to 3.7%, extending our maturity schedule and further solidifying our industry leading balance sheet. Looking ahead to 2016, we will continue to support a disciplined approach to actively managing our portfolio and additionally allocating capital. We've remained focused on continuing to improving operational and financial performance to better drive results for our shareholders. Now let's review our results for the quarter and the year. Comparable hotel RevPAR for the quarter increased 3.6% with rate growth of 1.7% and an increase in occupancy of 1.4 percentage points. For the full year, our portfolio achieved an average occupancy of more than 77% allowing the hotels to drive average rate increase of 3.3% resulting in an improvement in Comparable hotel RevPAR of 3.8% which equals 4% when adjusted for the impact of the USALI accounting changes. Adjusted EBITDA was $344 million for the quarter and $1.409 billion for the full year exceeding consensus estimates and our prior forecast. Our adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.39 for the fourth quarter and $1.54 for the full year, also exceeding consensus estimates and reflecting a 2.7% increase over 2014. Even though we were below our RevPAR forecast for the year, adjusted EBITDA was positively affected by the higher than expected profits from food and beverage and from our Maui time share project, as well as $5 million associated with the write-off of deferred IMF relating to a hotel that converted to a franchise and a reduction in our restricted stock expense. The quarterly results were driven by an increasing group room nights of more than 2.5%. As association business grew by more than 6%, group rate improved by nearly 1.5% as corporate rate growth was up by 4% which was significantly higher than our year-to-date results. In total, group revenues grew 4%. Transient demand increased by 1.5%, although it was primarily in the discount segments as corporate demand was weaker than anticipated which may reflect the weaker GDP growth the U.S. economy experienced in Q4. While rate growth in the discount segments was fairly solid, the negative mixed shift resulted in average rate increasing just 1% and transient revenue grew just 2.5%. Some of the transient weakness was likely due to reduced international travel while labels into the U.S. continued to grow at a healthy pace in the fourth quarter, spending decline slightly which suggests that our customers still made the trip but stayed for fewer days and likely shop less. Our sense is that international business declined by 5% to 10% at our hotels in the quarter. The strong group performance translated into strong banquet and catering activity as banquet and catering revenues grew by 6.8% or 5.4% after adjusting for USALI. We experienced above expected catering activity in our Florida hotel and in our larger San Diego and San Francisco assets. Our outlets were also busy as revenues at our restaurants and lounge improved by more than 4.5%. Overall, F&B revenues increased 6.1% or 4.7% after adjusting for USALI which was one of our best quarters of the year. The higher revenues drove improved margins and our profits exceeded our expectations. Total revenues for the quarter increased 3.6% and EBITDA margins improved by 55 basis points as a 9% reduction in utility expense and a 15% reduction in insurance cost, partially offset by a 7% increase in property taxes and an increase in ground run in one of our LA assets. Transient demand represented 58% of our total room nights for the full year, and increased just slightly from last year. Transient rate increased 2.8% for the full year as most segments experienced strong rate growth other than our OTA business. For the full year, transient revenues grew 2.9%. Despite starting the year with no additional room nights on the books compared to 2014, bookings during the year were solid and group demand improved 1.1% for the year led by a 3% increase in association business. Overall, group demand represented 37% of our sold rooms and group revenues grew 3.1%. F&B revenues grew 5.2% for the full year or 2.5% after adjusting for USALI, the increase resulted from banquet revenue growth of 5.9% for the year and outlook revenue improvement of 3.8%. Reduced construction in our meeting space helped spark a 4.2% USALI adjusted F&B growth in the second half of the year. Total revenue growth for the year improved by 3.3% and full year EBITDA margins improved 35 basis points after adjusting for USALI. In 2016 we continue to execute on our strategic plan of reallocating capital out of markets where we expect lower growth or higher capital expenditure requirements. This approach has also enabled us to benefit from the arbitrage between private and public market valuations in the current environment. We had a very active fourth quarter disposition [ph] with approximately $630 million in sales completed. These included the Sheraton Four Points in Perth, the eight property European portfolio, the Novotel and ibis in Auckland and the Novotel Queenstown. In addition, as we announced this morning, we closed the sales of San Diego Mission Valley Marriott, a suburban hotel with 350 rooms, and the Novotel Wellington, a 139 room hotel located in New Zealand for a combined sales price of almost a $100 million. The average RevPAR for these two hotels was approximately $116 which is consistent with our primary focus of selling lower RevPAR hotels. The disposition of non-core assets continues to be a priority, we have an additional $117 million in assets under binding contracts with closing slated over the next three months. We are currently marketing an additional $800 million of assets with more than one-third of those fairly follow-on in the process. We have been pleased with the response to our marketing efforts and remain optimistic that we will continue to complete sales, although there can be no assurance as if that will occur. As we mentioned last call, the sales we are targeting to complete will generate a significant amount of taxable income which will likely result in a special dividend paid at the end of the year. Last year we suffered significant disruption from a number of comprehensive renovations that closed parts of several hotel for significant portions of the year. Each of the most impactful renovations; the Logan in Philadelphia, the Camby in Phoenix, the Axiom in San Francisco, and the Houston Airport Marriott has been or is about to be completed. All the hotels are now open for business and the initial customer reaction has been quite positive. The new rooms products has been well received and the F&B outlook, especially the Urban Farmer to Logan and the Artisan [ph] at the Camby have generated significant favorably publicity. Last year these four hotels generated a loss of approximately $4 million, this year we expect them to contribute between $28 million to $30 million in EBITDA with additional above average growth expected in 2017. This year we're also completing major redevelopments of the Denver Tech Marriott, the Hyatt San Francisco Airport, and the exhibit hall of the San Diego Marriott Marquis. While we expect there will be disruptive impact of the first two assets by referenced, we currently anticipate that the San Diego exhibit hall project will be completed in mid-year and the additional income it will generate will offset the negative impact from the other two assets on a full year basis when compared to 2015. All three hotels should generate above trend improvement in 2017. This morning, based on our closing price from last night, we are trading at a value of $260,000 a key, compared to an estimated replacement cost that exceeds $500,000. Based on the midpoint of our guidance range which I will discuss shortly, we are trading at 10.5 EBITDA multiple and 8.5% cap rate. Both measures reflect valuations that are significantly lower than our historical averages and we believe our stock represents an excellent value opportunity. As we generate cash flow from operations in asset sales, we believe the best way to deliver the most value per shareholders is to repurchase our undervalued stock. In line with this approach, we purchased a total of $325 million of stock in the fourth quarter bringing our total for the year to $675 million. When combined with almost $650 million in dividends we paid over the last 12 months, we have returned approximately $1.3 billion in capital to our shareholders. Assuming 2016 plays out consistently with our expectations, we would continue to execute on our existing share repurchase program and revisit the sites of the program later in the year. The guidance we announced this morning reflects the following; nation-wide supply growth when netted for likely closures is now approaching the long term average of 2% for the next couple of years. However, supply growth in the top 20 major markets has accelerated more quickly, and is now likely to exceed 3%. While upper-upscale supply in these markets which is most directly competitive with our portfolio should not exceed 1.5%, strong supply growth in the upscale and mid-scale segments is driving the overall supply levels higher. Our portfolio will not be immune to impact from this new supply. Over the last three years, demand growth has averaged more than 3% in the Top 20 market but consensus forecast suggest that may moderate slightly in 2016 given the weak economic growth in the fourth quarter and the general low-end GDP forecast for 2016. We are also watching international travel carefully as it impacts the gateway markets. The combined effect of these two factors which likely influence the weaker than expected fourth quarter room revenue growth in the industry suggests that demand may not match supply growth of 2016 progressive. On the positive side, we had very strong group bookings in the fourth quarter, with the bookings up more than 4.5%. We are starting 2016 with group revenues up more than 6% compared to 2015 which positions us to maintain strong occupancies and drive higher rated transient business. In addition, our negotiated rates in most markets have increased more in 2016 than they did in 2015, providing support for transient rate growth. Finally, we have had a solid start in January, reversing the trend we experienced in the fourth quarter as our preliminary RevPAR growth estimate for the month is approximately 3.8%, and that is after the negative impact of about 1% of lost RevPAR driven by cancellations in Washington and New York due to the severe snowstorm. As we indicated last year, we also expect to benefit from less construction disruption in 2016 as our maintenance capital spending should decline by more than 18%. And the hotels we invested in last year, not only facing new year-over-year cost but also have an improved product to sell. Given all these factors, we projected in 2016 solo Comparable hotel RevPAR will increase by 3% to 4% in constant currency, and EBITDA margins will increase zero to 40 basis points. This will translate to adjusted EBITDA of $1.450 billion to $1.480 billion, and adjusted FFO per share of $1.65 to $1.69. It is worth noting that our EBITDA and FFO estimates have been reduced by $14 million to reflect the impact of the $215 million of 2016 assets sales we have identified. However, our balance sheet does not reflect the receipt of the proceeds that these sales will generate. Overall, I'm pleased to say that we are still seeing positive indicators within our portfolio with continued strong demand, especially in the group segments. The capital we have invested in our hotels ensures that our portfolio is in excellent condition, and our industry-leading balance sheet remains strong. We also remain focused on generating cash from asset sales and operations that can be deployed into stock repurchases and returning value to our shareholders. We are confident the future of our business and our entire team is still focused on delivering another positive year of growth. Thank you. And now let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Gregory Larson: Thank you, Ed. Despite the fourth quarter headwinds as described, several of our important markets, including Florida, Los Angeles, Atlanta, San Diego and Boston experienced excellent RevPAR growth and continue to give us confidence as we look at into 2016. Let me provide some specific commentary on our major markets. Florida performed very well and produced the best domestic market performance with 11.7% RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter, 310 basis points above the star upper-upscale market RevPAR. Strong group business at our Orlando World Center, Ritz-Carlton, Naples, Harbor Beach Marriott, and Camby Airport Marriott, contributed to high average rate growth at these properties. With a group revenue increase of almost 22%, our managers at our Florida hotels were able to institute more aggressive pricing strategies which increased transient rate by approximately 7%. In addition, the strong group business resulted in more than 23% growth in food and beverage revenues. RevPAR of hotel from Los Angeles grew 9.8% in the fourth quarter as several of our properties benefited from renovations that occurred during the same time last year. Once again, strong RevPAR growth in Los Angeles was the result of robust average rate growth of more than 5% in both transient and group business. On the back of group business strength at our hotels, our managers were able to drive food and beverage revenue growth of more than 17%. Looking forward, group booking pace in Los Angeles looks very strong as the market is expected to host eight addition city-wise in 2016. As a result, we expect continued solid performance from our Los Angeles properties. In Atlanta, RevPAR increased 8.2% for the quarter, primarily as a result of average rate growth of 6.3%. Transient average rate increased 6.6% and 5.2% respectively. Food and beverage revenues at our properties in the market grew by 8.7%, mainly due to healthy banquet and catering business at the JW Marriott and Grand Hyatt [ph] hotels. We expect our outputs in Atlanta will continue to have a solid year in 2016 based on an excellent group booking pace for the year. Atlanta is expected to add more than 8,500 room night related to two additional mega city-wide. Our hotels in San Diego produced results that outperformed the average of our portfolio with RevPAR increasing by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. The Manchester Grand Hyatt benefited for having all of its meeting phase available for bookings after renovations last year. In addition, our managers in San Diego strategically focused on group business at the expense of transient room nights to drive the hotels overall average rate. In the quarter, group demand increased 7.3% and transient room nights fell 9.8%. As Hotels filled with group business, it enabled our managers to become more aggressive with average rates which resulted in group and transient average rate growth of 9.2% and 7.5% respectively. Overall, group revenues increased by more than 17%, contributing to food and beverage revenue increase of nearly 18% while transient revenues declined 3%. I should point out that nearly all of the increase in food and beverage came from the more profitable banquet and catering business. We expect the trend of our San Diego hotels outperforming the portfolio to continue in 2016. Even though the city is expected to have fewer city-wide this year, total room night from the city-wide is expected to increase by more than 20%. In Boston, our assets outperformed the portfolio average with a RevPAR increase of 6.9% driven by an occupancy gain of 3.5% coupled with an average rate increase of 1.9%. In October group room nights with properties in the market grew at 24.4% with a 3.5% increase in average rate. Again, this helps contribute to an 18% increase in food and beverage revenues this quarter. As we look forward to 2016, I would note that although the Boston market is expected to have an average number of city-wide, the high-end convention center is expected to host five additional events. This bodes well for both, our Boston Marriott and Sheraton Boston Hotels as we expect these hotels to benefit from these additional events and lead our Boston Hotels to post solid results in 2016. Moving to some of our markets that witnessed some weakness in the quarter. RevPAR at our hotels in DC increased 0.6% with average rate growth of 1.6% and an occupancy decline of 70 basis points. The main reason for our properties in the markets underperform in the star upper-upscale market by 250 basis points was due to a combination of a lack of in-house groups and softer transient business. In 2016, the number of city-wide events is flat to 2015. However, the number of city-wide room nights is up approximately 85,000 over last year. For 2016, the group booking phase for our DC hotels looks very strong, and many of these hotels are expected to benefit from substantial renovations that were completed in 2015. Unfortunately, RevPAR at our assets in Houston declined 1.1%. However, the good news is our properties outperformed the star upper-upscale markets by 690 basis points. The decline in the market continues to be attributable to an overall slowdown in the Houston economy as a result of severely depressed oil prices, increasing market supply, and specifically for Host, the renovation of the Houston Marriott Medical Center Hotel. Our managers continue to focus on growing group room nights to offset the transient decline caused by weaker market fundamentals. We do not expect Houston's market conditions to improve in 2016, therefore we expect these hotels to continue underperforming the portfolio. Bear in mind, that the hotels in the Houston market represent only 2% of our total EBITDA. Likewise, our New York hotels experienced a 2.4% RevPAR decline in the fourth quarter, slightly outperforming in the star upper-upscale market RevPAR decline of 2.5%. Much of the weakness was due to average rate which decreased 2% although occupancy declined 40 basis points. These results continue to indicate that the well understood supply in the market, and a decrease in demand from international travelers due to the strength of the U.S. dollar are impacting the overall market's ability to raise rates. We expect RevPAR in New York to significantly like the portfolio in 2016 and acknowledge that the dynamics that impacted the market in 2015 will likely persist this year. Moving to our international assets, these hotels had an impressed -- and are impressed with constant dollar RevPAR growth of 15.5% in the quarter. Latin America drove much of the international growth with a constant dollar RevPAR increase of 39%. This growth was spurred by the benefit of the renovated hotels of the JW Marriott Mexico City. Despite economic turmoil related to weakness in the global oil markets and tourism as is related to Zika virus in Brazil, the JW Marriott Rio added an outstanding quarter. As we continue to simplify the portfolio through non-core asset sales above Latin America and Asia Pacific, we expect that EBITDA impact from our international hotels to decline. Shifting to our European joint venture. Despite the negative impact of the terrorist attacks in Paris, and the subsequent lockdown in Brussels, our assets in the region performed relatively well with a constant Euro RevPAR increase of 1.7% for the quarter as the significant decline in RevPAR at the hotels in these two markets were more than offset by the robust growth of more than 10% at the hotels in our other European markets. The RevPAR increase was due to an increase in average rate of over 6% which was offset by a decline in occupancy of about three percentage points. As occupancies for both transient and group business decline, it is encouraging to see that our managers were able to increase transient and group rates in the quarter by 6% and 10% respectively. There are some certainties surrounding 2016 in light of the 2015 Paris attacks and the economic and political recovery that is ongoing in the European Union. However, many positive market fundamentals exist, including the fact that supply remains low in Europe at approximately 1%. The weak Euro to the U.S. dollar will likely drive demand from the U.S. to Europe, and the economic environment in Europe is cautiously optimistic. Now let's move to our forecast for 2016. With respect to the RevPAR guidance we gave today, a 3% to 4% for the portfolio, it is worth noting that we expect 13 of our top 17 domestic market to experience RevPAR growth that will exceed the high-end of our portfolio RevPAR forecast. These markets are expected to perform well based on advance group bookings, less capital disruptions, and lower supply. In fact, we expect some of our best performing markets will be Los Angeles, San Diego, Phoenix, Atlanta and New Orleans. However, the challenges in New York and Houston will continue in 2016. Other factors to keep in mind for 2016 are the calendar shift as these will affect the overall quarterly results. Houston moves for the first quarter and the Jewish holidays move to the fourth quarter this year. This has reflected in our group bookings as they are strongest in the second and third quarters, but still positive in all four quarters. We expect approximately 22% to 22.5% of our total EBITDA for the year to be generated in the first quarter. As disclosed in our press release, during the fourth quarter we repurchased 19.6 million shares for a total purchase price of $325 million bringing the total for 2015 to 38.3 million shares of common stock with a total purchase price of approximately $675 million. We currently have $325 million of capacity under the repurchase program. With respect to dividends, we paid a regular fourth quarter dividend at $0.20 per share which represents a yield of 5.4% on the current stock price. Further, as stated in today's press release, the Board of Directors authorized the regular first quarter dividend at $0.20 per share on its counted stock. Given our strong operating outlook and significant free cash flow generation, we are committed to sustaining a meaningful dividend. In addition, based on the robust asset sale plan we've outlined and continue to execute on, we anticipate that asset sales will likely result in taxable gain which could lead to special dividends. While these special dividends will vary at a onetime distribution, they should resolve at a meaningfully return to our stockholders. Moving to one of our key pillars of strength and competitive advantage, our balance sheet. In 2015, we repaid or refinanced more than $1.4 billion of debt with a weighted average interest rate of 5% with proceeds from the issuance of $1.5 billion of debt with a weighted average rate of 3.1%. As a result of these transactions, we decreased our weighted average interest rate by 110 basis points or 3.7% and lowered our annualized interest expense by $24 million to $165 million, and extended our weighted average debt maturity from 5.8 years to 6 years. We have no significant maturities until 2019, and our operating position of financial strength and flexibility. At year-end we had approximately $239 million of cash, $702 million in available capacity under our revolving credit facility and $4 billion of debt while maintaining a leverage within our stated goals of 2.5X to 3X. In summary, we feel good about the results -- about our results and accomplishments in 2015 and look forward to a solid year of growth in 2016 as we believe the softness we witness in transient business in the fourth quarter will be offset by our aggressive asset management strategies and the tailwinds we received from our comprehensive capital program in 2015. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll move first to Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask you on the asset sales as you bring your assets to market, have you seen any surprises around the level of interest or the pricing that you're getting relative to expectations?
Edward Walter: Not really Smedes but that's probably reflecting the fact that realistically since the summer it's been clear that the pool of buyers for assets, second half of '15 and into '16 is a bit smaller than where it was in 2014, primarily because the REITs [ph] are not aggressive buyers at this point in time. So I think we launched those particular sales was an understanding that we were appealing primarily to two groups; private buyers, often working with operators, and then international buyers who are probably also either using a good existing operators at hotel aligned with the new operator. And so with that I'd say that we have -- I think I've talked a little bit at the last call, interest has been solid, it's probably not as deep as it had been in the past but its still, and it's more than one person bidding on individual deals. I think we're getting very comfortable with the quality of the bids that we're getting. And we continue to feel comfortable that we'll continue to close sales than we're at the phase that we've been on.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then the other thing I just wanted to ask you is, it's a follow-up. You talked about group trends pacing up around 6% for 2016 on revenues. Have you seen anything over the last several months since your last call in terms of the tender of corporations willing to book group or kind of, just the pace relative to the -- kind of backdrop or the issues we've seen around economic growth.
Edward Walter: All we have seen on the group side, really throughout '15 and then looking at '16 and at this time frankly, even looking further down the road into '17, it's good strong group booking. And it's carried all the way through last year, and we expect to see that continue this year.
Smedes Rose: All right, thank you.
Edward Walter: Thanks.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hi, good morning. A couple of quick questions. So it's a follow-up to Smedes question, year-to-date, to the extent that you've had any major conventions, can you talk about cancellations in attendance?
Edward Walter: Harry, I don't think -- there is always adds and flows at individuals, I think Greg might have described a little bit of that but reality is that so far in terms of what we've been seeing over last couple of months is that we haven't seen any signs of weakness in attendance.
Harry Curtis: Okay. And then my second question is, could you give us an assessment of the condition of your current portfolio, and specifically you did give us guidance as to how -- how much less you are going to be spending in 2016. As you look even further ahead, there is no budgeting done yet but do you think that your CapEx into 2017 can keep declining?
Edward Walter: Our expectation at this point would be that 2017 would be at or it should be above where we in 2016. Our goal for the last two years has been that '16 and '17 would be lower CapEx years, I think it's still little hard to anticipate beyond that but we are expecting levels at similar to where we are on the maintenance CapEx side. And then as it relates to the -- where we would describe as our redevelopment CapEx, that will depend upon what projects we might identify for '17. At this stage I don't know that there is anything specifically on the book so if I had to predict today what would happen in '17, I would expect to see that spending decline.
Harry Curtis: Yes, I guess what I was specifically asking also is that, it is just your qualitative assessment of your portfolio and are there any glaring CapEx requirements that you need to address?
Edward Walter: I would think that the quality of our portfolio is quite good at this point in time. We have spent heavily on the portfolio over the course of the last several years. So when we measure the portfolio in terms of its effective age, it's that number is as attractive as it has ever been, looking at how recently have the rooms been done, how recently has the meeting space been done, how many lobbies of food and beverage outlets have been done. So I don't see that if I -- there is always going to be an App center too where we made a conscious decision not to do capital for a variety of reasons and some of those were the ones that we're intending on selling because we think that allowing the buyer to do that capital will ultimately enhance the total price that they'd be able to pay for the asset taking into account the CapEx that might be required. But outside of some, a handful of unique situations like that, our portfolio is in good shape and the fact that we're spending less this year and a little -- topmost likely next year, is not an indication of shorting the portfolio of capital that it needs, it's more of an indication of the fact that we're in good condition.
Harry Curtis: Very good, thanks.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I wonder if you could quantify in your RevPAR guidance we have 3% to 4%. How much of that is held by the renovations, you mentioned, those four properties that had significant renovations, and I think you'd initially expected Q4 RevPAR in '15 to be your best RevPAR quarter for the year because of those renovations. So I assume some of the 3% to 4% or I don't know if you have that sort of fully adjusted not including benefit of the renovations. 
Edward Walter: Yeah, let me try to provide some clarity on that, because in a couple of the write ups that I saw this morning, I could tell that folks weren't exactly following the differences between some of these assets. So most specifically the four assets that I referenced when I was talking about the ones that are going to have a significant improvement on a year-over-year basis, so the Logan in Philly, the Camby in Phoenix, the Houston Airport Marriott and the Axiom in San Francisco. All of those hotels are for our RevPAR purposes and are forecast non-comparable. So the incredible increase in revenues that we will see at those hotels is not included in our RevPAR forecast. And so that's one of the reasons why I think people -- we are getting the list from that and we are trying to describe the list that we're getting from an EBITDA perspective, but the benefits of that are not showing up in our comparable RevPAR numbers. Those numbers will not likely show up until most likely '17 when those projects have been in our portfolio, operating on  stabilized fashion, but operating as a completed hotel for a full year. So we'll see the list in '17 from those assets but we're not going to see any list in our '16 reported RevPAR from those assets. 
Robin Farley: But I guess you had other renovations as well during the year last year, and your guidance for Q4 you had originally said that the RevPAR would benefit in Q4 would be the best of the four quarters because of renovation. So even if it's not those four specific sort of major, were you close the property at the time, can you talk about the benefits of renovations that other property might be included? 
Edward Walter: Robin, I think we did see some -- we did expect to see some benefit in the fourth quarter from the less construction disruptions. So you're right about that. And I would say that in the end I don't know  our RevPAR came in but while we had anticipated it. And I think that was not unique to us, that was really an industry wide phenomenon. We did see pick up at a number of the properties that were under renovation. I don't know that we would necessarily view it as overly significant in the fourth quarter. A lot of those renovations had started at the very end of the quarter and frankly with December being a low occupancy month, I don't know that we necessarily saw as much as benefit in '15 as we might have anticipated. We will see some  and some positive benefits from that in the first half of the year, and I suspect that one of the reasons why our portfolio performed so much better than the industry in January, despite the fact that we had even with the winter storm that hit the northeast, it's impart due to the fact that we had -- we did not have as much renovation activity at some of those hotels. 
Robin Farley: Okay. That's great. Thank you for clarifying. And then just lastly real quick, you mentioned your maintenance CapEx, renewal replacement CapEx is going to be down $60 million in '16. It looks like in Q4 it came in like close to $35 million or $40 million higher than what you had guided to for renewal replacement in Q4. So is some of that -- is that just may be a timing issue that some of the renewal replacement CapEx came in to Q4 that was originally planned for '16?
Edward Walter: Yeah, I would say that it was probably -- the short answer is yes. So I think some of that probably had more to do with the timing of when payments were made as opposed to necessarily when the work was completed. But the short answer is yes. 
Robin Farley: Okay. Thank you. 
Edward Walter: Thanks. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Shaun Kelly from Bank of America 
Shaun Kelly: Hey, good morning guys. Ed, in your prepared remarks you mentioned a little bit more detail on supply growth and how that sort of overlays with the demand environment that you're seeing out there, particularly in some of the urban areas. I was curious if you could just dig in on that a little bit more for us. I mean how generally do you guys seek to react or do you try and manage the portfolio in an environment where the demand may -- on the one side demand is at peak levels, but on the other side, demand may actually not keep up with the supply growth that you are seeing, at least in a handful of markets. 
Edward Walter: Yeah, I'd say some of them -- there are two ways to look at this, one element of this is we look down the road and as we anticipate markets might see increased supply that does play into some of the decisions we make relative to whether that we retain the asset or we try to market it. So there is a sort of a long strategic perspective that addresses that. As we look at it from a more near term operating perspective, if we see markets that are likely to get additional supply and we think that could may have an impact on our property, so that may guide some of our strategies in those markets relative to the level of group that we would want and the level of say special corporate business that we might try to attract for that individual hotel. So in the markets where we've seen, such as in New York, there is no secret that New York's had a lot of supply. And we have consciously tried to improve the level of group activity that we do in that market as a way to offset some of the increased supply that we expect to see. 
Shaun Kelly: That's really helpful. Thank you very much. 
Edward Walter: Thanks.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Anthony Powell with Barclays. 
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. One more question on group. How did it in the quarter/for the quarter, group bookings track in 4Q and how do you expect that part of the business trend going forward? 
Edward Walter: I don't know that I have that number right here in front of me. I would say that in the quarter, for the quarter was probably -- I'd rather not guess. I know the bookings in the quarter for '16 were solid and we're running north of 4.5%, so the activity that we have looking for the future was quite good. The way the fourth quarter played out, my guess is that the end of quarter/for the quarter bookings were not particularly strong, but the reason for that was the bulk of the group strength which really in the first five to six weeks in the quarter. It was -- October was filled, because you'd have the movement in the holiday, the Jewish holiday comes from October to prior year in the September. So October was a very busy month, but there wasn't really any capacity at the hotels to take a lot of additional group. And once we got beyond that period of time, you're really at a stage during the year where there is not a lot of group pick up in general. So I think that the activity in the fourth quarter was not particularly remarkable in the quarter/for the quarter, but it continued to be strong for the future. 
Greg Larson: '16 as Ed mentioned, but also for '17 as well.
Anthony Powell: All right. Got it. And I think earlier you mentioned that OTA rate was down in the fourth quarter. How are you approaching your OTA kind of allocations in '16 an what are the operators doing I guess to reduce industry reliance on OTAs going forward? 
Edward Walter: I'd say that in general, because the hotels are running at high occupancies and because the operators especially the major operators are refining their strategies in terms of their relationships with the OTAs, we're generally seeing that business the rate of growth there is smaller than some of the other segments. I think what we ran into the fourth quarter was because we did see what it is generally assumed to be some weakness in corporate travel, there was a little bit more use of OTA options than we had necessarily predicted and what you saw with that was slightly lower pricing in an effort to attract more of that business. So the good news is we were able to get occupancy by opening up those channels through a greater degree, but unfortunately when you watched all that broke across the country, some of that was at a lower rate than what we had done the prior year. 
Anthony Powell: All right. And a small follow up to that question, as you're striding[ph] towards corporate negotiated rates, you mentioned that they're higher, how do you kind of avoid to replay them back in coming quarters? Thank you. 
Edward Walter: Well, it's hard to -- it's obviously hard to stimulate demand the corporate travel and history has shown us in prior times that you don't stimulate that demand by dropping price. So I think the way our approach was to generally across the portfolio, focus on look at the different assets and take into account the market factors in individual markets. And then look to try to generate, take advantage of the high occupancies to generate better rate growth in those corporate negotiations, but also firm up in markets where you thought you wanted it some additional accounts. To put some math around that, what we're looking at on kind of a comparable basis in the beginning of the year is it our special corporate rates at least looking at things that apply in the first quarter up north of 5%, and last year we were more in the 3% range. So there's a nice opportunity there to see some better results because of improved special corporate rates. 
Anthony Powell: All right. Thanks a lot for all that color. 
Edward Walter: Thanks. 
Operator: And we'll move next to Ryan Meliker with Canaccord Genuity.
Ryan Meliker: Hey, good morning guys. Most of my questions have been answered but first of all thanks for a lot of the color on the guidance and how the renovations are playing out. Just one quick question I had regarding Group Pace. Obviously, I think 3Q your Group Pace was up 6.5%, it held steady around that level for 2016. But what we saw in January from the STR data was Group was off dramatically only up about 1.5%. Is that indicative across your portfolio too? And is that just have to do with the timing that you talked about with some of the calendar shifts, but I know they haven't materialized yet, but you are seeing those sluggish Group out of the gate for the first quarter for your portfolio and for the broader industry? 
Edward Walter: So not entirely, we actually saw  I don't have the segment results yet for January, but based on the bookings that we were anticipating and I don't have any indication to think that it turned out radically different from it. We were expecting better than what you described in terms of Group Pace in January and frankly in February, the month that is weaker for us in Group on a year-over-year is March and that's I think solely because of the change in the Easter holiday timing. So I think we commented in our prepared remarks, the first quarter and the fourth quarter are slightly weak, if you spread our group activity across the year, Q1 and Q2 are still both up, but they're not up as much as Q2 and Q2 and Q3 which are up significantly in terms of revenue pace. 
Greg Larson : You said Q1 and Q4 was the two weak and Q2 and Q3 are the two strong. 
Ryan Meliker: Right. So I guess the question that I would have is do you think that some of your group's outperformance in the first quarter is more driven by some of the renovations and the types of assets that you have and revenue management strategies or do you think that it's not so anomalistic in favor of your portfolio. I'm just trying to get a gage of where group business is throughout the remainder of the year, not just for you guys but for the broader industry in case we're seeing any type of pull back. 
Edward Walter: I think across the industry I'm continuing from everyone that group is fairly solid, but I'm sure that we are benefiting a bit from the fact that we have less renovation activity and we have hotels that were under construction last year and now are providing either new rooms or new meeting space and it's attractive to our customers. So I'm sure again going back to our January performance, I'd say some of that is reflective of t fact that we had space available and not under construction. 
Ryan Meliker: All right. That's helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Edward Walter: Thanks. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. 
Steven Kent: Hi, good morning. Just a quick question, it sounds like bookings, just mentioned good shape occupancy expectations and banquet. Why is the margin outlook only up a modest 0 to 40 basis points? Are we missing something on the expense side, because it sounds like you should get some better flow through? And then just as an aside, just because I think it's an interesting issue that we're starting to hear from some of the other companies, are you seeing any last minute or late bookers cancelling and rebooking other places? Are you starting to see some of that activity or more term than you've seen before? 
Edward Walter: Steve, as -- going to your second question first, we have generally seen that problem in a variety of markets, but we have not identified that in discussions with our operators as the situations that had accelerated in the fourth quarter. We have also been actively encouraging our operators and of course this is one place where working with a lot of the major operators is probably helpful for us to push towards pricing strategies that in effect, creates some frictional cost around changing reservations at the last minute. And we will continue to encourage that they look at either non-refundable rooms or extending the time period for when you have to cancel in order to make it more difficult for people to reserve a room with us for a long period of time and then change their mind at the last minute and rebook elsewhere. But Steve to your fundamental point, we did not see an acceleration of that activity in the fourth quarter. On the margin piece of it, I'd say that some of the fact that the margins  there's no real expense that we necessarily have highlighted that would drive weaker margin performance. We still expect if values continue to increase the hotels and there's a little bit of a  that real-estate taxes will be jumping by more than inflation on a year-over-year basis. But beyond that 
Greg Larson: Steve, I guess the one other point I would look at is if you look at our results for 2015, we had 3.8% RevPAR growth and 20 basis points improvement in margins. If you adjust those two things, items or you sally we really had 4% of RevPAR with margins up 35 basis points. And so that's pretty similar to our guidance, right? If you look at the high end of our guidance, we're projecting 4% RevPAR and margins up 40 basis points. 
Steven Kent: Okay, thank you. 
Edward Walter: Thanks. 
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. 
Rich Hightower: Hey, good morning guys. 
Edward Walter: Good morning. 
Rich Hightower: Just wanted to head back on the guidance for a second here, so I'm curious for what the 3% to 4% range implies for the transient side of the business if Group Pace is up around 6%, I know that includes some of the renovation, so it's not a true same store number. But just sort of what the bridge is between that and the transient implied figure would be very helpful. 
Edward Walter: I guess what I would say was that is that it wouldn't surprise us if we're up north of 6% right now in terms of group. As we -- because we've sold so many rooms already to potential group customers, it wouldn't surprise us that as we work our way through the year, that the actual increase in group revenue that we experienced by the end of the year would be a smaller number than that. In other words, not have normal, see some follow up in that area especially with an extended booking cycle. So my guess is that as we report group revenues through the course of the year, the actual detail will be a little bit less than that. So that probably addresses the sum of what you're looking at. I would say more probably as may be as a more broad commentary on our guidance in general, our properties are more often -- than our guidance would necessarily reflect. And we do see some benefits whether it's the special corporate rates that I talked about before, the fact that our government rates are up, meaning year-over-year, while that's not a huge chunk of our business, it's one more place where you see some rate increases. I have a number of factors like that that will help with transient pricing. We're not expecting a lot of transient occupancy increase, we think it will be primarily a rate game this year. If we -- I think you're right in your sort of fundamental assumption that as if we hit our numbers, here is the projections that we've identified. We'd probably see a bit slightly more weighted towards group and slightly less weighted towards transient in terms of revenue growth. 
Rich Hightower: Okay, so the group number should still outpace the transient revenue number in any case? 
Edward Walter: That would be our expectation for now, yes. 
Rich Hightower: Okay. I mean I guess just as a follow up to that, the range of 3% to 4% in this stage in the year is pretty tight, only a 100 basis, you just have enough business on the book. You think at this point too to peg such a tight range at this point in the calendar? 
Edward Walter: There are as many people in the room with that many theories on how to approach guidance. I guess what I'd say is the way we look at it, we're trying to give you our best insight into how we think the year is going to play out, based on the information that we have available to us. And in the context of this year, we thought that we'd probably moved us to be on a hair on the conservative side. So that's why you see the range that we have. 
Rich Hightower: All right. Thank you, Ed. 
Operator: We'll now move next to Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group. 
Jim Sullivan: Thank you. Ed, just to kind of follow on from that last question as well as some of the comments you made in the prepared commentary part of the call. Your  supply and demand suggest that the negative impact of supply growth will increase over the course of the year. Now we've heard what you've said about the group outlook in Q2 and Q3, but does that mean overall given the supply growth will increase over the course of the year that you expect RevPAR growth overall to be weaker in the second half than the first half? 
Edward Walter: Not necessarily, Jim because at least as we look at group, the strongest quarter for group booking is in actually Q3. And so I don't necessarily expect that that's what's going to happen. I don't know that in a lot of these markets, the supply necessarily accelerates through the second half of the year, but that's one of the things that we'll need to see how that actually plays out. What we've been noticing in a number of markets is that the outlook for supply, in each of t last few years what's expected to be delivered at the beginning of the year and what's actually delivered by the end of the year turns out to be a lower number because the deliveries don't happen at the same pace as originally forecasted. So that might help mitigate that. But I'd say, at this stage as we look at the year, the only reason why I might anticipate that the first half could be a little stronger than the second half that it relate to construction disruption because we had more in the first half than we had in the second half. But based on the discussions we've been having so far, it feels like it's a fairly balanced year.
Jim Sullivan: Okay. And then in your prepared comments on the markets and I may have missed this -- I don't recall your commenting on the outlook for San Francisco and Denver?
Edward Walter: I think San Francisco, we're generally expecting to be roughly in line with the rest of the portfolio, so maybe not the outperformer that it has been for the last few years but sort of certainly not in a level where it's going to be a significant underperformer either, there is no doubt that there is some challenges in that market due to the fact of the convention centers been closed. The booking pace at our hotels is still up compared to last year, it's not up as much as the overall portfolio but we're fortunate that the big hotel there, the San Francisco Marquis is essentially just doing a lot of in-house grew business to deal with the fact that the convention center will have more closings.
Gregory Larson: And Jim, as I said, 13 of our 17 markets based on the group booking and the supply, and some of the other metrics that we mentioned, I said in my prepared remarks it would actually exceed the high-end of our guidance. So San Francisco certainly would be one of those hotels that are included in those 13 markets. Denver as you know in the fourth quarter for us has actually experienced a decline in RevPAR. We think it will turn positive in '16 but I would think Denver would be sort of close -- closer to call the midpoint to the high-end of our guidance.
Edward Walter: And Denver is one of those markets where we do have some construction going on, it's not a big market for us but we built one hotel, it's a redevelopment hotel and the other has some meeting space being worked on.
Jim Sullivan: Okay then finally for me, in terms of the dispositions that you've have under letter of intent. It would be helpful to know if those that are out of the wholly-owned segment of the portfolio or if they are the joint ventures?
Edward Walter: All of the assets that were described there were consolidated assets. In one instance there is a partner with a minority ownership piece but they are all consolidated assets.
Jim Sullivan: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Edward Walter: Great. Thanks Jim.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hi, quick question on Houston. I know it's a small part, I think you said EBITDA but if you look at the rate of growth, it improved meaningfully in the fourth quarter, it was off of a bit, much tougher comp in the fourth quarter of '15 and what you saw in the first three quarters? But can you just help us think about 2016 as we sit to lap, at least initial drop in our oil prices? Thanks.
Edward Walter: Yes, I'd say we still expect where Houston is one of the markets that we think is going to be challenged in 2016 and I think it's the toss up, it's the weather RevPAR there is slightly negative or flat.
Gregory Larson: I agree with that. I mean, look, the one interesting thing about Houston, not compared to group markets but the group bookings page in Houston '16 is actually quite strong.
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thank you. And then just, in terms of your current dividend, you've been paying $0.20 for seven quarters now. You talked a little bit about potential onetime dividends but how are you thinking about the recurring dividend as we sit here today?
Edward Walter: Yes, I would say in the long run that our goal is to distribute our taxable income and so when we -- from operations, of course, also from sales. And as we work our way through this year and see both how operating results materialize, as well as what's the level of sales that we complete, we will continue to assess whether we should be doing increasing the raise over dividend or handling things through special dividend. Some of that decision will be tied into our outlook for '17 too as we try to confront that question. We ultimately are certainly interested in being able to increase the dividend when operations -- when the operating results for the company is supported because we'd love to return capital to shareholders in any way that we can.
Thomas Allen: Thank you.
Edward Walter: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from David Lowe [ph] with Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Ed, you've talked a lot about group and how strong it looks. Can you just give a little background on what you think is driving that? Is it tight employment for white collar workers? And do you have any concerns about weakness in certain industries like energy or emerging weakness in financials or technology?
Edward Walter: We're happy to do that David, let me just look at one back here. The wildcard in group over the years has tended to be what I think you're directing your question at, which is what's happening on the corporate side. And what we saw this past year was fairly good, we saw some improvement on the -- in terms of association but as I mentioned in my prepared comments, it's also really good corporate rate improvement as well as some improvement in corporate demand in the fourth quarter. And I think what we're looking at in terms of why we've seen an improvement in group page this year is the combination of slight -- probably a slightly better convention calendar which is -- will reflect itself and is slight increase in association business across all of our hotels. But more importantly, more activity coming out of the corporate side and companies recognizing that they are going to have events and they are now of the mind that they are convinced enough that they are going to have them, that they are making the decisions to book those events in advance and not wait till the last minute because what they've realized is if they wait till the last minute, they are not going to end up with the time or the hotel that they want. So I just -- we work our way through this year while it's fair to assume that there will be some pick up in association business, I'm hopeful that we're going to see good strong corporate growth. That also tends to tying with the fact that we're -- it could reflect itself in terms of better F&B growth too. So I think ultimately, because the corporate group is that adds inflows the most based upon the overall economy, the fact that we're seeing that strong growth is likely, primarily due to strong corporate growth. I'm sure that the oil industry picking a point about different businesses, I'm sure the oil industry with all the challenges that they have is not necessarily booking as many group events as they might have in the past. So it is sort of interesting to see, as Greg just referenced, how strong our group booking pace is in Houston, I suspect that has more to do with a smaller overall group profile for this hotel. But I don't know that we've heard of any other industry besides the energy industry that's cutting back at this point. If anything our numbers would again as we suggest that, they are not only strong for '16, they are strong for '17. That suggest that there is a bit of meaningful level of confidence in companies that are making commitments.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful, thank you. One more, can you give an update on the W Union Square, you acquired your partner's interest for the beginning of the year. Are you now looking to sell that asset?
Edward Walter: That would certainly be one of the assets in New York that we would be open for selling, yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And another one of those is the WNLX [ph]?
Edward Walter: If that would be an asset that we would be interested in selling, I would say that that's not on the market at the moment but that is another asset in New York that we would certainly be open to selling. The opportunity in New York in order to get this sort of pricing that tends to make the headlines is to take advantage of assets where there is either an opportunity for a brand change, where there is an opportunity for redevelopment, that's where it seems you could -- that's where you can best take advantage of the property that you own. And so those are the sorts of opportunities that we're trying to explore. We -- it is certainly in that $800 million of assets that we're currently marketing that does include the New York asset, and completing a sale in New York continues to be a very high priority for the company provided we can attract pricing that we think is appropriate.
Unidentified Analyst: So on the W-Union Square, is that -- are you able to rebrand that on-sale?
Edward Walter: There is flexibility on that asset with respect to management and branding.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, helpful. Thank you.
Edward Walter: Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
Edward Walter: Great. Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our year-end results and outlook with you. And we look forward to talking with you in the spring to discuss our first quarter results and provide you more insights into how 2016 is playing out. Thank you.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg  Vice President, Investor Relations Edward Walter  President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Larson  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Powell  Barclays Smedes Rose  Citi Shaun Kelley  Bank of America Harry Curtis  Nomura Ryan Meliker  Canaccord Genuity Rich Hightower  Evercore ISI Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs Joseph Greff  JPMorgan Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the conference over to your host, to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Coleen. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts third quarter 2015 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed. And we're not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results, and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for 2015. Greg will then provide greater detail on our second quarter performance by markets. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now here is Ed.
A - Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a solid quarter and are pleased to be realizing some of the benefits of our proactive portfolio management strategy. While it's been an interesting last three months in the lodging space, we believe the reaction that's expressed through the equity markets has been over exaggerated, and we are intending to exploit that reaction both now and into 2016. But first, let's review our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $323 million for the quarter and $1.66 billion year-to-date, reflecting a year-to-date increase of 1.5% as compared to the first nine months of 2014. Our adjusted FFO was $0.34 per share for the third quarter and $1.15 year-to-date, reflecting a 4.5% increase over the first nine months of last year. Both earnings measures beat consensus estimates for the quarter. These results were driven by several factors. We had expected weaker results because of the impact of the well-documented calendar changes, the late Labor Day holiday and earlier midweek timing of the Jewish holiday, which drove association business into the fourth quarter and generally limited group business overall in September. This proved correct, as our domestic group revenues looked flat for the quarter, as a roughly 2% increase in rate was offset by a 2% decline in demand. While group business at our international hotels was up significantly in terms of demand, gains were more than offset by a decline in rates, as our Rio Hotel had been able to charge very high rates during the World Cup in 2014. Overall, we saw group revenues decline by slightly more than 1% in the quarter compared to the same period last year. At our domestic hotels, we look to replace the deferred group demand with additional transient guests. We benefited from a 4.5% increase in demand from our top-rated segments, which represented nearly a half of our overall transient business. Overall transient demand was strong in both July and September, up more than 4% in each month. Unfortunately, as we mentioned in our September release, transient demand in August was weak, which dragged our quarterly increase in transient demand down to approximately 2%. Weakness in international travel likely contributed to our challenges in August. While international air arrivals have continued to increase, the rate of growth slowed in the third quarter and spending increases were limited. This may suggest the trips have become shorter, leading to a decline in room night demand. Arrivals from China, South Korea, and the UK continue to grow. We saw declines in travel from France and Japan. Overall, we saw a reduction in international demand in the 5% to 10% range, which represents about 4/10 of a percent occupancy, with slightly more impact on the East Coast versus the West Coast. Our positive mix shift helped drive an overall transient rate increase of 2.5% for the quarter, resulting in transient revenue increase of 4.5%. This, in turn, led to RevPAR for the quarter in constant currency increasing by 2.8% or 3% as adjusted for the USALI change in reporting Resort fees. Comparable food and beverage revenues grew 6.5% in the quarter or approximately 3.7% on a USALI-adjusted basis. Banquet and AV revenue increased by 8.8%. As several groups increased spending above contract minimums, we benefited from newly-created meeting space, and the short-term bookings included heavy F&B spend. Savings in food costs helped drive very favorable flow-through, as the food and beverage profit improved by approximately 20%. Other revenues declined by 11% in the quarter, due to the timing of insurance claim proceeds related to business interruption from Hurricane Sandy, which we received in Q3 of 2014. Adjusted for that one-time benefit, other revenues increased by 1%. Overall, total comparable revenue growth was 2.1% for the quarter and 3.1% year-to-date. Comparable hotel EBITDA margins declined 55 basis points for the quarter and are up 10 basis points year-to-date. The negative margin growth was impacted by a combination of the USALI-mandated changes and by the Sandy business interruption proceeds, which reduced margins by 35 basis points. I will now take a few minutes to provide an update on several of our activities in the context of our near-term strategy for the company. As indicated in our September 28 press release, given that we did not believe we could replicate the success of our initial investments in the Asia-Pacific region, we have made the decision to exit Australia and New Zealand, and ultimately close our office in Singapore. As we announced this morning, we have sold our Four Points Perth Hotel, which we owned in a joint venture with GIC, as well as two hotels which are wholly-owned in Auckland, the Auckland Novatel and ibis. The total price for these sales equals $104 million. Four of our remaining hotels are effectively on the market now, and we expect that the remaining two hotels will be placed on the market at some point next year. With respect to Europe, this morning we announced that our joint venture had sold eight of its 18 hotels, representing 2,300 rooms for 420 million, or roughly $464 million. While we continue to be interested in investing in Europe, we felt that the current market offered an attractive exit point for a portion of our portfolio, which had an average RevPAR of 113. After completing this transaction, our remaining EU portfolio generates an average RevPAR of 164 or more than $180, which is well more than double the average RevPAR for the EU market. Our remaining portfolio includes iconic assets such as the Westin Palace in Madrid and the Hotel Arts in Barcelona. These sales represent $207 million of approximately $300 million of proceeds identified in our last press release. There is one additional international sale we had anticipated closing this year, which has been delayed by regulatory issues. As a result, the timing of that closing is less certain. Despite the fact that low stock prices have forced many REITs to the sidelines in terms of acquisitions, the feedback we have received from the brokerage community, and have experienced from our own marketing efforts, is that international investors and domestic private investors are still seeking new acquisitions, albeit in a targeted manner. We have been the most active seller in the REIT space for the last four years, having now completed north of $2 billion in sales. We continue to see opportunities to complete sales at attractive prices, and are currently marketing approximately $1 billion worth of assets. These assets include the Asia-Pacific hotels I just mentioned, one key asset located in New York, as well as hotels located in several suburban US markets that have an average RevPAR of less than $135. In addition to these planned sales, we have identified approximately $1 billion in incremental hotels that we can bring to market in 2016, assuming that transaction pricing remains attractive. The majority of these assets are located in suburban or secondary markets, and have an average RevPAR below 120. While there can be no assurances that we will complete all of the contemplated sales of pricing we would deem acceptable, our goal continues to be to reduce our exposure to these noncore assets and markets, allowing our domestic portfolio to be targeted primarily towards urban assets located in major markets, plus a collection of iconic resorts. Our long-term goal is to continue to grow the Company and expand our presence in attractive markets. However, as long as the equity markets continue to value our company at a meaningful discount to the private market value of our assets, we are unlikely to invest the proceeds of completed sales into new acquisitions. Instead, because of the inherent gains stemming from these sales, which could average 50% of our expected sale prices, we will likely use proceeds first to pay dividends, and then for other corporate purposes, including repaying debt to maintain appropriate leverage levels and for repurchasing stock. As is evidenced by our purchase of $400 million of Host stock over the last six months, we believe our stock is a very attractive investment. As outlined in our press release this morning, our Board has authorized an incremental $500 million repurchase program, which means we currently have $600 million of total repurchase capacity. The timing for implementation of this program and any subsequent expansions will depend on our operating outlook, the pace of our asset sales, other potential investment options, including ROI CapEx, and our stock price. At this point, we believe that the Company's common stock is the most compelling investment opportunity available to us today, and we look forward to deploying more of our capital for accretive value-enhancing share repurchases. In addition to these capital allocation activities, our other primary effort is to reap the benefits of the investments that we have been making in our existing portfolio over the course of 2015. As we noted earlier in the year, we have closed three hotels to complete major redevelopments: The Axiom in San Francisco, The Logan in Philadelphia, and The Camby in Phoenix. These three projects should complete construction around the end of the year or in early January. In 2015, these three assets are expected to generate EBITDA of negative $4 million. While we are still refining our budgets for 2016, we expect these projects will generate approximately $20 million to $22 million of EBITDA with additional strong growth expected in 2017. We also expect to benefit from the more disruptive than normal room, meeting space, and lobby renovations we have completed in 2015. To summarize, we intend to narrow the markets where we invest and operate, further reduce our exposure to nonprime suburban airport and secondary markets, benefit from the capital investments we have made in our portfolio, and most importantly, close the valuation gap between our public market value versus the inherent value of our assets through a combination of asset sales at private market values, with capital returned to shareholders through dividends and through stock repurchases. As we noted in the press release we have already returned more than $1 billion to shareholders in 2015. We expect to add to this total. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2015, we continue to expect solid results in the fourth quarter. Booking activity in the third quarter was very positive, increasing 2.7% over the same period in the prior year. Our group booking pace for the fourth quarter is ahead of last year by more than 3% and rate is up by more than 2%, indicating that booked revenues are up approximately 5.5%. Although transient activity has moderated to some degree compared to our expectations in July, we still expect RevPAR growth in Q4 to be stronger than our year-to-date performance, leading to full-year RevPAR growth of 4% to 4.5%. While more difficult to predict, we expect to see continued strong growth in food and beverage spending in the fourth quarter, with growth ranging between 5% to 6%, driven primarily by banquet activity generated by the increasing group business. This should lead to full-year food and beverage growth of 4.5% to 5%. We expect our adjusted margin increase to be 20 to 30 basis points for the full-year. Based on these operating assumptions, our estimated adjusted EBITDA will be $1.385 billion to $1.4 billion, and our adjusted FFO will range between $1.50 and $1.52 per share. Our window into 2016 performance is limited, as we have not yet received our operating budget. That said, there are several factors we note that should favorably affect 2016 performance. Our group revenue pace for 2016 remains quite strong, well north of 6% compared to less than 1% ahead at this time in 2014. Activity in Q2 and Q3 is very strong. Only Q1 is currently demonstrating a shortfall to 2015 in rooms booked. We believe that is caused by some carryover renovation activity and the earlier Easter holiday, which will limit late March corporate and association events. Our CapEx spending next year will be lower. While we are still finalizing our capital plan for next year, we expect our maintenance CapEx to fall by approximately 10% and our overall spending to decline approximately 20%. As a result, there will still be some disruption from individual projects, but we expect our disruption overall to fall short of 2015 levels. We expect the three redevelopments I referenced earlier to provide $24 million to $26 million of lift over 2015 performance, in addition to the regular internal growth we would generate from our comparable portfolio. And despite the fact that we have been a very active seller this year, including the additional international sales we discussed today, the expected incremental EBITDA contributed from The Phoenician in 2016 will more than offset the EBITDA we earned in 2015 from the sale assets, which we will not be receiving in 2016. The net impact of those investment recycling activities in 2016 compared to 2015 is projected to be a $3 million to $5 million increase. In summary, we are pleased with our results for the third-quarter and 2015 year-to-date, especially against the backdrop of a difficult calendar shift. We look forward to a solid fourth quarter, as we continue executing our strategy to drive value and return capital to our stockholders. Now, let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Gregory Larson: Thank you, Ed. I'll start by providing some additional details on our comparable hotel results by market. In the third quarter, our Seattle hotels increased RevPAR by approximately 10%, exceeding the Star upper upscale market results by 750 basis points. The outperformance was driven by an 11.6% average rate gain, as our managers were able to replace low-rated group business with higher-rated transient business during the summer season. In addition, our Westin Hotel experienced strong banquet and catering business from an international delegation from China, which resulted in food and beverage growth of 18%. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we note The W Seattle will be impacted by a rooms renovation starting in December, and will likely moderate the RevPAR growth for our hotels in Seattle. Our hotels in Los Angeles also had an impressive third quarter, with a RevPAR increase of 9%, driven by average rate growth of 7.6%. Both transient and group business were solid, with revenues for both up more than 7.5%. Food and beverage revenues were also strong and increased 11.5%. The strength in the Los Angeles market is expected to continue into the fourth quarter. RevPAR for our hotels in San Francisco grew more than 6% in the third quarter, beating the Star upper upscale RevPAR growth by 230 basis points. Strong transient business contributed to this outperformance, as demand increased 7% and average rate increased 5%, resulting in total revenue growth of 13%. Looking to the fourth quarter, consistent with our previous statements, our hotels in San Francisco are expected to perform only slightly above our portfolio, with one property beginning its renovation and construction at the Moscone Convention Center, which is expected to weigh on group business. RevPAR for hotels in San Diego market grew 5.6% this quarter, driven by strong transient demand, which was offset -- some weaker group business. Transient revenues increased 9.4% and group revenues grew 1.7% in the quarter. Both transient and group average rate increased approximately 5%. Food and beverage revenues grew almost 17%, with the more profitable banquet and catering business growing 24%. This increase was driven by high catering contributions related to strong corporate group room nights at our Hyatt Manchester and Coronado Hotels. The group revenue pays for the fourth-quarter look strong, and we expect our hotels to outperform the portfolio next quarter. Moving to the East Coast, our hotels in Boston outperformed the portfolio this quarter with a RevPAR increase of 5.3%, driven entirely by an average rate growth of 5.3%. Strong group business at the Calgary Marriott and the Westin Waltham contributed to group revenue growth of over 16% in the quarter, with a 23.5% increase in the more profitable banquet and catering revenues. Total food and beverage revenues were up 18%. We expect the strength in Boston to continue into the fourth quarter. In Atlanta, RevPAR increased 4.4% for the quarter, which outperformed our portfolio but significantly underperformed our internal forecasts. Certain cancellations and citywide events that did not create the anticipated compression led to the underperformance to our expectations. Based on the strong group revenue pace for the fourth quarter, we expect RevPAR performance to improve. Our hotels in the New York market had positive RevPAR growth of 1.3%, outperforming the Star upper upscale results by 90 basis points. The well-understood supply in the market, and a decrease in demand from international travelers due to the strength of the US dollar, are impacting the industry's ability to raise rates. We expect RevPAR to significantly lag the portfolio, and acknowledge that the dynamics impacting New York in 2015 will likely persist in 2016. RevPAR at our hotels in the DC market decreased 3.4% this quarter. As you may recall, last third-quarter, our DC hotels grew RevPAR by 9%, benefiting from several major citywide events. The city was unable to replace these events this quarter, and the lack of compression resulted in declines in average rates across the market. We expect RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter to strengthen, as two of our larger hotels were under renovation during the fourth quarter of last year. In addition, the group revenue pace for the fourth quarter improved and looks strong for 2016. Unfortunately, RevPAR growth in Houston and Calgary continued to be constrained in the third quarter, primarily as a result of commodity price volatility and, specifically, weakness in oil. Both of these markets experienced significant declines in RevPAR for the quarter. In Houston, RevPAR at our hotels declined nearly 10%. These declines are related to the overall slowdown in the Houston economy, mainly stemming from negative impact of a struggling energy industry. Our hotels are focused on growing group room nights to offset the transient decline caused by these poor market fundamentals. On a positive note, the group revenue pace for the fourth quarter is up almost 28%. However, even with the strong revenue pace, we continue to expect negative RevPAR for our Houston hotels in the fourth quarter. Likewise, our Canadian hotels experienced a RevPAR decline of 5% in the third quarter, primarily due to the significant decline in RevPAR at our Calgary Marriott. Our Toronto Eaton Center Marriott had strong positive RevPAR growth in the quarter. Major declines in transient occupancy related to the global oil decline in Calgary were somewhat offset by an increase in group business of 18.4%. This increase in group revenues drove the food and beverage revenue growth of 28%, with banquet and catering business increasing 38%. We anticipate energy issues to continue to negatively impact our Calgary property in the fourth quarter. Shifting to our European joint venture, our assets in Europe had an outstanding quarter, with a constant euro RevPAR increase of 9%, resulting from an increase in both rate and occupancy of 4.3% and 3.8 percentage points, respectively. The increase was driven by strong transient business as well as an increase in international travel demand with the weakened euro over the summer months. Transient revenues increased 13%, primarily as a result of 9% increase in average rates. International travel demand into the European countries increased 5% in the third quarter. As we announced in today's press release, we disposed of eight hotels in the European joint venture. We expect our 10 remaining high-quality assets to continue their strong performance into the fourth quarter amidst improving EU economic conditions. Let's move to our forecast. At the end of September, based on market weakness for August, we provided an update to our outlook for 2015. We identified weaker leisure business in the United States and lower-than-expected growth at our international properties, mainly at our Calgary and Latin America hotels. We expect these trends to continue into the fourth quarter. In addition, while renovations will continue to impact specific hotels going forward, it is worth noting that the fourth-quarter this year will have fewer comp hotel renovations than the fourth-quarter of last year. As announced in our press release, our Board of Directors has authorized a second share repurchase program of up to an additional $500 million of common stock. During the third quarter and through early October, we repurchased 15.2 million shares at an average price of $17.76. This brings our total repurchase to date to approximately $400 million. Along with $100 million remaining under our initial repurchase program, we currently have $600 million of repurchase capacity. With respect to dividend, we paid a regular third quarter dividend of $0.20, which represents a yield of approximately 5% on the current stock price. Given our strong operating outlook and the generation of significant free cash flow, we are committed to sustaining a meaningful dividend. Also, based on the asset sale plan Ed outlined in his comments today, keep in mind that the successful execution of these asset sales in 2016 will likely result in taxable gains that could lead to large special dividends. These will be one-time, but could be a meaningful return of capital to our stockholders. Moving to our balance sheet. During the quarter and subsequent to quarter-end, we completed several transactions that reduced our average interest rate by 80 basis points to 3.7%, and extended our maturities to an average of 6.2 years. We have no significant maturities until 2019, and are operating from a position of financial strength and flexibility. After adjusting for the debt transactions that occurred after quarter-end, as well as taking into consideration the 391 million exchangeable debentures that we expect to convert to common shares, we have approximately $214 million of cash, $621 million of available capacity under our revolving credit facility, $200 million of capacity under the term loan, and $3.9 billion of debt. And our leverage will be at the midpoint of our stated 2.5 times to 3 times range. When taking into account the additional stock repurchase authorization we announced today, we are comfortable with pushing our leverage closer to the high-end of our range. In summary, we feel good about our results and our outlook for the rest of this year in 2016. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. Ed, on the asset sales that you've identified, do you believe you'll be able to sell some of these noncore assets at prices or valuational tools that are above your current stock price -- stock trading multiple, rather?
Edward Walter: It will obviously depend upon the asset. But yes, I think that when you look at where we are trading right now, I think a number of these sales could happen at or slightly below that cap rate or that EBITDA multiple.
Anthony Powell: Right. Thanks. And even beyond the $2 billion that you've identified as potential candidates for sale, what percentage of your portfolio do you believe is noncore? And could there be more sales even beyond 2016?
Edward Walter: Certainly, the $2 billion captures the bulk of what we would look at as noncore. I'm sure that there are -- I'm sure there's some incremental assets that, as time evolves, we could add into a sales program from the standpoint of looking at noncore sales. I think, ultimately, this is going to come down to exactly how long does the sale markets remain attractive, and what are some of the options that -- other options that we may see for that capital? Over time, what we've always wanted to be doing, and we have been doing, is looking to sell those assets in our portfolio where we see somewhat weaker growth prospects, and then redeploy that capital into higher-yielding opportunities, which today, is buying our stock.
Anthony Powell: All right, that's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Smedes Rose from Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to come back to -- you mentioned that you expect some disruption from CapEx projects in 2016. Is this related to projects that are currently underway that are finishing up next year? Or are they new projects? Maybe you could just sort of talk about what's sort of the major -- besides the three hotels that were closed and are reopening, what are some of the major projects that are underway or that you contemplate starting in 2016?
Edward Walter: Smedes, what I was referring to there was that there are -- first of all, we are still spending capital. We are still investing money in CapEx programs in 2016. The overall level, as we tried to make it clear, is going to be less than what we did in 2015 by a pretty material amount -- about 10% in maintenance CapEx and 20% overall. So the spending is clearly going down. What I was trying to highlight is that you'll still have some disruption from those individual projects just because we're obviously still doing them. The larger projects that we would be starting at the end of this year that might carry into next year would be our renovation of the Denver Tech Marriott and the Hyatt, the San Francisco Hyatt near the airport in Burlingame. Those are probably our two single biggest projects that start in the fourth quarter and carry into the beginning of next year. And then we have a series of other rooms' renovations. But again, I think the point I would make there is that, overall, we would expect that there will be less disruption in the comp portfolio next year than what we experienced this year.
Smedes Rose: Okay. And then just you mentioned maybe about $1 billion of proceeds for the first tranche of sales and maybe 50% of that would go out as kind of a specials. Could you also break out what you would think the debt associated with those asset sales is?
Edward Walter: I think what we are referring to more there is the fact that as you sell those assets, you are also losing EBITDA. And so, in the context of thinking about our overall balance sheet management, as you, if you sell $1 billion worth of assets, you dip into $0.5 billion, assuming that's how the math worked out; then some chunk of those remaining proceeds would be deployed to repay debt to ensure that we weren't exceeding leverage levels that we would be targeting. And then the other portion of those proceeds would be available for other uses, which would, in today's world, be used to buy back stock. I think as we indicated in our comments and we've talked about for a long period of time, we're generally looking at maintaining our leverage in the long run between 2.5 and 3 times. Right now we are in the middle of that range. In the near-term, we would be comfortable, given our operating outlook, to allowing that to -- that leverage level to fly towards the high end of that range. But as you are selling assets, you are ultimately going to have to make some adjustments to your debt balances to ensure that you don't go well above that range.
Smedes Rose: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: We will now hear from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hey, good morning, guys. Two questions for me. The first one would be -- we've heard some of the operators, including some of the big brand companies, talk a little bit about softness in the month of October on the transient side. Clearly, you guys have a little bit more group exposure and more sort of unique exposure to individual markets, but I'm curious -- are you seeing anything that's similar to that across the portfolio or any callouts on that front?
Edward Walter: I would say that we are seeing a little bit of that, too. You make the right point, that we have a portfolio that's oriented towards group. And as I indicated, our group pace for the fourth-quarter was very solid. It improved over the course of the third-quarter because of good strong bookings in the third-quarter. But I think we are seeing some transient weakness in the fourth-quarter too.
Shaun Kelley: Got it. Thanks, Ed. And then my follow-up would be -- the other thing that I think some of the other REITs that have reported earlier have talked a little bit about is, supply growth in some of the urban and CBD markets. I'm curious, when you guys look market by market, particularly for next year, any markets that stand out to you on the supply front? And how is that sort of impacting either your asset sale program or just your general outlook for the fundamentals in those markets?
Edward Walter: There's no doubt that supply is picking up. I think one of the themes, though, that as we've looked at that, is there's also no doubt that the bulk of the supply that you are seeing nationwide is really being driven by the upscale and midscale segments. Supply and upper upscale and luxury is still well below long-term historical averages. And that applies both on a nationwide basis as well as on what we would look at as sort of the top 17 markets where our portfolio is deployed. So there is a little bit of a bifurcation there in terms of where that supply hits. I think some of the markets that are -- that I think that are widely known to have a high level of supply, that would include Houston, New York, and Miami. Those are certainly -- as we look out, and our analysis tends to do a bit of a weighting in terms of when that supply is going to hit and assumes that it feathers in over a 12-month timeframe. But it's clear that those three markets are going to see strong levels of supply in 2016.
Gregory Larson: I mean, the flipside to that would be there are certain markets like Hawaii where there is virtually no supply.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: We will move on to Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Good morning. So following up on Shaun's question about the softness in October, as you speak to your customers and your peers, what do you think it's related to? And do you think that it's the beginning of a longer-term downtrend?
Edward Walter: Harry, I think it's really hard to say. We -- first off, we're sort of all getting the October softness light. We are seeing it kind of a real-time. You know, our group element of our business has held up fairly well through October, at least based on all indications we have. I would imagine that we are still seeing the same international travel weakness that we saw in the summer. I suspect that that is still carrying into October. My guess is that will become less impactful as we get later in the year, because I suspect international travel tends to ebb a bit as you get into the late part of the fourth-quarter. But I'm sure that is contributing to it to some degree.
Harry Curtis: Second question is, Ed, you have seen a number of cycles. You've seen a number of REIT positive and negative cycles as it pertains to attracting funds on the investor side. What I'm -- where I'm going with this is, typically when the Fed raise rates, REIT mutual funds lose assets. Yet it's interesting that lodging REITs tend to do well. What do you think, if the Fed does begin to move rates a bit, what is your expectation as far as Host's ability to price up and keep lifting its dividend?
Edward Walter: Well, I think you are right in your assessment, first off, that when -- historically, what we've seen is that when the Fed starts to raise rates, it reflects the fact that there is an expectation that the economy -- or a realization that the economy is doing better. And so while oftentimes I think you've seen a bit of a falloff in terms of REIT valuations, or a lodging REIT valuations when that first starts to happen, folks start to also recognize that a good economy is good for lodging. To the extent that the Fed raises rates at the end of this year, the beginning of next year, and it's also because of the fact that the Fed is really beginning to believe that business investment and GDP growth in 2016 are going to be stronger than what we've seen in 2015 -- and I think that's the consensus outlook at this point, but I would also tell you that's been the consensus outlook the last couple of years at this point, is that the next year will be better. If that all happens, I think that bodes well for us and for the other -- the lodging industry in general. One of the things that will be important for 2016 performance is to see some recovery in -- or some strengthening in demand. We obviously know that supply levels will be somewhat elevated compared to this year, so we are going to need more demand in order to accommodate that. You know, we are certainly seeing, as I mentioned in my comments, really strong bookings for next year, well better -- far better than where we stood at this time last year. And we are seeing -- a lot of our markets are really showing good, solid, advanced group bookings. So I think if we get -- if the Fed is raising rates because the economy is better, that's clearly a good sign. What I would hope with that too is that we would not only, this may be wishing for too much, it would be good if the currency didn't appreciate considerably compared to at least the euro and potentially the yen. Because I think the area where we've been hurt a bit in international travel this year has been a fall-off in travel from Japan and from Continental Europe. And the fact -- if the currencies would remain generally flat year-over-year, I think that would be helpful for international demand, which is something that's been important in this cycle. And it would be good to see that come back at a stronger level in 2016.
Gregory Larson: Yes, I think the only thing I would add, Ed, I agree with you, right, because of our strong group booking pace and because of some of the assets that you talked about that are closed this year that will reopen next year, it would be great to have very, as Ed mentioned, strong EBITDA growth next year, which obviously means our taxable income would be higher, which means our dividend would be higher. But in addition to all of that, as Ed mentioned in his comments, as we sell assets, obviously approximately 50% of the proceeds from those asset sales will also go towards the dividend. So for all those reasons, I think 2016 looks good from a dividend front.
Harry Curtis: Thank you.
Gregory Larson: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from Ryan Meliker with Canaccord Genuity.
Ryan Meliker: Hey, good morning, guys. I guess just the first question I was hoping you guys could kind of give some more color on, and you gave some on the call already, is -- as we're looking out to 2016, it might be helpful to get a good understanding of what the renovation disruption you've put into guidance for 2015 was, so we know that that's going to be added back. And then also what you think the EBITDA impact from your net acquisitions and dispositions that you guys have already closed on. I'm not asking for any forward guidance, just what the impact is in your 2015 guidance from those things, so we can make sure that we adjust accordingly.
Edward Walter: Well, I think we tried to explain that in our comments, that if you look -- the assets that we owned for a portion of this year, which we sold in 2015, generated about $20 million worth of EBITDA in 2015. And then we had a -- and then when you -- we also obviously owned The Phoenician for a part of this year, which generated, call it, $6 million or so of EBITDA for this year so far. So, when we look at what -- when you take that $20 million out and you add in the full benefit of The Phoenician in 2016, we are sort of expecting The Phoenician will be in that $30 million to $31 million level next year. So that's where we get basically a lift of $3 million to $5 million on a year-over-year basis for comparing the benefit of The Phoenician versus the sales of the assets that have gone out the door this year.
Ryan Meliker: That's helpful.
Edward Walter: Okay. And then on the redevelopment side, again, we had $4 million -- we took a $4 million hit from those three assets and we expect to see a $20 million to $22 million lift from that, those are probably the most significant year-over-year drivers. We obviously know that we are spending less on CapEx next year. We know that the number of the investments we made, especially in the first half of this year, were disruptive. Without going through the whole budget process, it's hard to understand what that incremental lift will be. So, unfortunately, we'll have more detail on that as we get into our call in February.
Ryan Meliker: No, that's really helpful. Thanks for giving a little bit more detail on that. And then just the second question I was hoping you guys could answer for me was -- year-to-date, your suburban assets have been kind of your strongest performers. I know that's not always the case, and obviously, as we happen to go through the cycle, things change. But I guess the question I would ask is, is now the right time to be selling those assets, given they are kind of driving your RevPAR growth more than any other segment? And with occupancy levels where they are across the industry, you would tend to think that we'll see more compression demand into a lot of those suburban markets.
Edward Walter: I think that's a very good question, part of our assessment there. And so we think about that in the context of the assets that we are selling. I think the flipside of that is there's no better time to sell an asset than when its performance is extremely strong. And so I think partly what you are seeing here is our assessment that, while the assets are performing well now, probably will -- should perform well again next year. As we think about where we want to be invested in the long run, at least for those assets that we would end up selling, those would be the ones that we would be comfortable in letting go, even though, in the near-term, their performance has been stronger.
Ryan Meliker: Okay, that's it for me. Thanks a lot, guys.
Edward Walter: Thanks.
Operator: Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI has our next question.
Rich Hightower: Good morning, guys. So I actually want to follow up on Shaun's earlier question about supply growth. So, while it is true that midscale and upscale represent most of the growth that's going on in a lot of these markets, I guess my question is, would you say that some of those hotels are actually competitive with urban upper upscale properties such as those that Host owns? Because I think LaSalle and Pebblebrook sort of made that point on their calls, where they said some of the demand that might be -- might have previously gone into those types of hotels is actually gravitating towards either the limited service category or even some of the suburban markets. So, I'm wondering if you are noticing the same shift, or if you have a different perspective?
Edward Walter: Shaun, I mean...
Gregory Larson: It's Rich.
Edward Walter: Rich, I think you are right in that assessment that, first of all, supply is supply. And whether it comes in the midscale or upscale segment or in other segments, it's going to have an impact on the market. So at the end of the day, there still is an impact from that supply. But I think part of our point, though, is that there still is a distinction between the different segments. The supply at the upper price points is not as high. Another differentiation is, from a standpoint of the type of customer, those upscale hotels are really not in a position -- or midscale hotels are not really in a position to be able to handle the group business that our -- the bulk of our portfolio is able to accommodate. So, I would agree that I am concerned about supply, whether it's in the higher price points or in the mid-price points. But I do think that mid-price points supply will be a bit less impactful in our portfolio, in part because of our orientation towards group.
Rich Hightower: Okay. That's helpful, Ed. Thanks. And then my second question has to do with the group pace number that you mentioned for 2016. I think it's held steady at plus 6% for maybe the past quarter or so. It's a solid number. Is there any reason, though, that it maybe isn't accelerating at this point? Or is it just too early to know or to have the data?
Edward Walter: I'm actually fairly encouraged that it's stayed as constant as it has. Because I see -- the reality is, if you think about that, is that right now if you can tell me that we can do better than 6% group revenues in 2015, I would be pleased, or 2016, I would be pleased. Typically, what we have found is some other phases of this particular cycle is that when we are -- when we sort of had very strong advanced bookings, as you get closer to the actual period of time when the numbers are real, you tend to see that because so much space has been sold, you start to have less available to sell, and consequently that sort of the improvement over the prior year in group tends to decline a bit. So the fact that we've been consistently strong for 2016 throughout this year, really I view as a fairly favorable -- as a good thing. It's a good thing. You know, I would offer up too is that it's not just 2016 that looks good; we've got pretty good advanced bookings for 2017 too. So that trend is going to continue past this year.
Rich Hightower: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Moving on to Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple questions. You noted your third-quarter trends coming in better than Street expectations. But then it didn't really look like you flowed it through for the full-year. I just wanted to understand that a little bit more what I'm missing there. And then you mentioned your stock is attractive, but why not use full-service asset sale proceeds and increase presence maybe in the select service market? Is that something you'd think about maybe longer-term, as select service has evolved and seems to be doing -- seems to be showing good returns, taking share, et cetera?
Edward Walter: You know, Steve, it's a good -- let me deal with the second one -- question first. It's a good question about whether we should be orienting more as a select service. And if you look at what we've acquired over the course of the last couple of years, we have acquired some assets in that segment as a business. Given what I just said about supply, I probably -- and the fact that the bulk of the supply that we are seeing is directly targeted at the select service segment, I'd probably be reluctant right now, if we were in an investment mode, I would probably be reluctant to deploy a lot of capital into that space, because I think I would be concerned about the -- just the high degree of supply that's coming into that sector. And what we've traditionally seen over time is that new select service competes incredibly effectively with older select service. And so is the fact that you are seeing the increase in supply being so squarely centered in those segments would concern me in terms of accelerating our investments in select service assets at this point. Now thinking longer-term, as we think about where the Company would be in four to six to seven years, I would certainly expect that select service would be a bigger part of our portfolio looking out. But this is probably not quite the right time to be a buyer of those assets if we were in a buying mode. As it relates to the Q3/Q4 comparison, I think some of what you are seeing on the EBITDA side is really related to some improvements, as Greg highlighted in his comments, some improvements in Europe. And then you are also seeing on compensation, the low stock price at the end of the quarter, when run through the appropriate models for calculating stock compensation expense. Really, what we hope, at least, is move some compensation expense out of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. We'll obviously see how that plays out at the end of the year, but I'm sure you could all guess how we are rooting. But that I think there was some deltas that happened as a result of that. Greg, what do you want to add to that?
Gregory Larson: Obviously, in the fourth quarter, October certainly will be one of the better quarters or better months of the year on one hand. On the other hand, certainly, I think our hotel forecast for October today is lower than what it was a quarter ago. And I'd say the same thing about our fourth quarter in general. Our fourth quarter in general rates to be pretty decent. But as we sit here today, I think our forecast as a hotel forecast for the fourth quarter is lower today than what it was a quarter ago.
Steven Kent: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joseph Greff with JPMorgan. Joseph, please check your mute function.
Joseph Greff: Good morning, guys. Did you actually talk about what October RevPAR growth was?
Edward Walter: No, we did not, Joe. I don't -- we just don't have a number quite yet. But it's certainly been running better than what we've seen for the rest of the year, but I don't have an updated number yet for the month.
Joseph Greff: You gave us a bunch of things to think about in terms of asset sales and capital return. How do you feel about other types of corporate actions either separating the portfolios, making them smaller and then affording you potentially longer-term down the road, larger percentage growth opportunities? How do you view those types of opportunities?
Edward Walter: You know, I think we are constantly evaluating a variety of different options for the portfolio. Certainly, one of the questions we've gotten before is about whether we could sell some of these assets in a portfolio sale context, for instance. And that's something we've looked at throughout the year, and the last couple of years, frankly. And we'll continue to look at. So far, the response we've gotten from the market has suggested that the tact we're taking, which is individual asset sales, is probably the most productive one in the long-term. But to the extent that the opportunity presents itself to sell assets in bulk, similar to what we did in Europe, albeit that transaction took almost a year to complete. Then we would try to take advantage of that. You know, as you look at other types of transactions, I know that there's been a lot of discussion about spins and things like that in the market over the course of the last couple of years. I think in the current environment, when the entire -- all of the lodging REIT stocks are trading at a significant discount to NAV, it's hard to imagine that a spin is necessarily going to close that gap as effectively as asset sales, because you are still going to -- after the spin, you are still going to have two entities that would, are going to trade, while you may see an improvement in multiple in general from having taken the step, I don't know that you are necessarily going to radically have those companies trade at a different multiple and a different relationship to NAV than the rest of the industry. So, all this is evolving. We frankly have only been in this sort of situation where the stocks are trading at this big of a discount to NAV for sort of half of this year. We are trying to take advantage of that as best as we can. We're trying to take advantage of the balance sheet strength that we have to deploy that right now to benefit from that. And we'll continue to evaluate all sorts of options as we work our way through 2016 and 2017.
Joseph Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Good morning, guys. I wanted to -- Ed, I wanted to ask you kind of a theoretical question. If there ends up being some kind of M&A in this space, maybe involving some of your brand companies that you do business with, what do you think the broader implications might be? And not really getting specific, but historically, what do you think that could mean for -- do they go for more leverage with you guys? Can you guys renegotiate some things? Just high-level thoughts. Thanks.
Edward Walter: It's hard to deal with that question in the abstract, just because you need to know -- you ultimately need to know who is combining or who is buying who. So it's sort of tricky to say. I mean, our contract rights flow out of individual contracts or corporate level agreements with Starwood and Marriott. And so I don't know that those particular corporate level agreements are necessarily -- in fact, I'm fairly confident that they are not specifically affected by any transactions that might happen at the corporate level by any of those companies. So ultimately, I think our valuation of whatever might occur, whatever combinations would occur or whatever change in ownership would occur, are going to be based upon who's in charge and what their plans are for the brands and the properties that we own.
Chris Woronka: Okay. That's good color. And then just, you know, you guys have, I think you've sold some assets pretty well, actually, in this cycle. But I guess there is also -- some people ask if there's an implication if smart guys are selling assets. Does it imply that the cycle is coming to an end and at the same time you buy back stocks? How do you kind of jive all that from a very high level perspective?
Edward Walter: Well, first of all, we don't think the cycle is coming to an end. We see solid growth in 2016. And as we look out past that point in time, assuming that economic growth continues to be at least at the levels that we've seen lately, we don't see why the cycle wouldn't be continuing past that. You know, I think there's a lot of different reasons to sell assets. In our case, it's not necessarily because we think we are timing it at the top. It's really driven more by an approach to how we manage our portfolio and a long-term perspective to reduce exposure to certain markets, and then, over time, increase it to others, is the way of managing the portfolio. I would envision that other than in those periods of time that are shortly after a decline, where we probably would be -- wouldn't be comfortable that we were getting fair value for our hotels, we tend to be a seller throughout a significant chunk of the cycle. So I don't know that I would read a lot into that other than this is just a continuation of a program that we've been working on for awhile.
Gregory Larson: You know, and I think this is, obviously, Chris, as you know, this is sort of a unique situation right now where we can sell assets that are sort of in the bottom sort of, call it, bottom quartile of our portfolio, assets that maybe have slower growth rates, higher CapEx issues. But we can sell those assets at sort of lower cap rates than where we trade today. Right? And then take those proceeds and either put it out in the form of a dividend or buy back our stock at, which today, is close to an 8% cap rate.
Edward Walter: And then I think lastly in terms of the notion of buying stock back at this point in time, I mean, that's something that we obviously give a lot of thought to. But I think we are comfortable, especially at these levels, that buying the stock is a good investment. And I think we are being thoughtful about how we pursue that, because nobody knows exactly what the future holds. But at this point in time, as we are sort of -- in effect, we are shrinking the Company with some of these sales. And shrinking and buying back stock is a way to help sort of get the benefit of that shrinkage.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo has our next question.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Maybe just to comment that a little differently on share repurchases, I mean, how do you think about balancing the timing of your share repurchases, given your outlook on the direction of real estate values rather than, say, RevPAR at this point in the cycle? And is there a specific maybe discount to NAV that you want to see at a minimum when you make purchases? I'm just curious how you're thinking about that.
Edward Walter: I don't know that we've gotten quite that formulaic about it, Jeff. It's sort of -- we've been in a good position, I guess, in terms of how we thought about it since we've initiated the programs. It's been relatively easy to be comfortable that buying our stock was the best alternative for the capital that we had or that we would be generating. Now, if you go back to what we would've talked about in April, when our stock price was higher and we spoke about this, our assessment at that point in time was as we generated capital from asset sales or from other sources, we would look at buying -- the returns from buying the stock relative to the returns from investing in other things, whether it was new assets or whether it would be ROI investments. And so as we look to a point in time that I hope happens sooner or later, which is that the gap closes between NAV and our stock -- and by the way, I'm hoping that happens because our stock is going up, of course, as that gap starts to close, then we will continue to evaluate what are those best options for the capital that we are generating if, at that future time, you could see an acceleration in ROI investments if those proved to be more attractive. But if, on the other hand, we are at a point in the cycle where we don't think it makes sense to make new investments or new acquisitions, then you would still be buying the stock back at that environment, even though the returns might not be as attractive as they are today.
Jeff Donnelly: And maybe to circle back in your comment about portfolio sales versus individual asset sales, I think in the case of another one of your peers who recently structured a transaction to sell itself, I think people were initially a little disappointed that pricing wasn't as robust as they had hoped. Is that maybe an indicator maybe of what you are referring to is that the market is a little bit stronger for single asset sales than there are portfolio sales? And that's why you feel you have more success going that route? I think that's a good insight. It's just -- there's a lot of activity on the individual basis. But as you start to move up in bulk, the number of players is thinner. And I don't -- I haven't had an opportunity to read everything that Strategic published. But while I think they had a high level of interest, it seems like I heard that at the end of the day, there was really -- there were only a few serious bidders. And so that is somewhat of an indication of what you are describing.
Jeff Donnelly: And what's your thinking on refocusing maybe more exclusively on the US market? I know you are pulling back in Asia and you've shrunk in some other markets. But there's been some success in doing that, I think, for other companies who have sort of retrenched into the US and maybe cut their overhead a little bit. How do you weigh that?
Edward Walter: Well, I think in the near-term, that's exactly what we're doing. I mean, we're obviously going to cut all the overhead that was in Asia-Pacific region. We only have the international offices in Europe -- are the only ones that would be left sort of as we get into early next year. In Europe, I think we've got a number of opportunities to enhance the value of the remaining 10 hotels that we have. And I think the decision has been made at this stage, is to continue to work that portfolio and then watch for what opportunities might develop in the long run. But certainly at this point in time, as we deal with worldwide capital flows, which we are making investing in Asia very difficult to do, at least on our parameters, the best markets to focus on right now are in the US.
Jeff Donnelly: And then just last question, I don't want to leave Greg out. Greg, you referenced the potential for special dividends. I might have missed it. But are you able to give us just some more specifics on the potential timing of distributions, or perhaps an order of magnitude relative to, say, your current share price or current distribution, just to give folks a better sense of how you're thinking about that?
Gregory Larson: Sure. So, as Ed mentioned, right, we are currently marketing $1 billion worth of assets. Certainly, I'm not sure if all of those assets will actually complete. But as we sell those assets and complete those sales in 2016, certainly that will increase our taxable income. And so, look it, I think the way we look at it is, at a minimum, as Ed mentioned, approximately half of the proceeds will go out in the form of a dividend. And so at a minimum, we could just put it out in a special dividend next year, which would be in the fourth quarter; or to minimize that special dividend, what you could see us do at some point next year is raise our standard dividend. And so, effectively, we've have the same dividend for the year out in 2016. But you could see us stair-step, increase our standard dividend, which would effectively reduce that special dividend at the end of 2016.
Jeff Donnelly: Thank you.
Gregory Larson: Look, it's too early to know that, but I think at the end of the day, you could do the math, Jeff, right? If we sell X number of assets and if 50% of the proceeds go into the form of a dividend, divide that by our share count, you can see what we are talking about in the form of an extra dividend.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Ed Walter, at this time, I will turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Edward Walter: Thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third-quarter results and outlook. We look forward to talking with you in February to discuss both our year-end 2015 results and provide much more detailed insights into 2016. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President Ed Walter - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Larson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Smedes Rose - Citigroup Anthony Powell - Barclays Capital Anto Savarirajan - Goldman Sachs Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Robin Farley - UBS Ryan Meliker - Canaccord Genuity Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities Ian Weissman - Credit Suisse Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded.  At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts second quarter 2015 earnings call. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publically update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our Web site at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for 2015. Greg will then provide greater detail on our second quarter performance by market. Following the remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, heres Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter of positive results for the company, driven by strong rate growth and solid group demand. Were also quite pleased with our progress on various transactions and value creation opportunities throughout our portfolio. First, lets review our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $422 million for the quarter and 743 million year-to-date, reflecting a year-to-date increase of 3.3%. Our adjusted FFO was $0.46 per share for the second quarter and $0.81 per share year-to-date, reflecting a 6.6% increase over last year. Both earning measures are in line with the consensus. These results were driven by several factors.  First RevPAR for our comparable domestic portfolio increased by 5.3%, which matched upper upscale industry performance despite continuing drag from ongoing renovation at a number of our hotels. Well Greg will provide more detailed insight shortly, we were pleased to see that overall with the exception of Houston and New York, our portfolio performed in line or better than we had expected for the quarter. The strong domestic performance was driven by our group segment, which benefited from a 13% increase in association business leading to group demand growth of 2.7% and rate growth of 4.4% which translated to group revenue growth of more than 7%. Our transient segment benefited from mix shift as our top rated segment which represent slightly less than half of our overall transient business improved demand by more than 2%. Planned reductions in our lower priced segments resulted in a modest transient demand decline, but overall rate was up 4.9% and our transient revenues increased by more than 4%.  Within the quarter for our domestic hotels, June was our strongest month as April was affected by renovation impact, and it suffered from difficult prior year comparison. Our group revenue growth outpaced transient growth each month, although because of successful rate mix strategies, our transient rate growth was stronger in all months except May.  Evaluated on a constant currency basis, our international portfolio performed well, selling 9% in the quarter when we exclude the Calgary Marriott, which was undergoing a very disruptive room renovation and the JW in Rio, which benefited significantly from the World Cup last year. Excluding those hotels, group room demand increased nearly 9%, while transient rates rose solidly. When all of our comparable international hotels were included, we had a constant currency RevPAR decline of 5.9% for the quarter.  Overall the comparable portfolio generated constant currency RevPAR growth of 4.8%, driven by rate growth of 4.5% and a slight increase in occupancy. Year-to-date RevPAR increased 4.4% reflecting rate growth of 4.7%, partially offset by a slight decline in occupancy. I would note that the USALI mandated changes in accounting approach artificially reduced each of these figures by about 20 basis points.  Given the strength in the U.S. dollar, we have been watching international travels trends carefully. Overseas arrivals excluding Canada and Mexico are up about 3% year-to-date through the end of May, with Asia travel up nearly 5%. However, Europe and South American travel are both down by roughly a 0.5%. Data from our properties confirms that we have seen weakness in travel from the EU especially on the East Coast, but continuing strength on the West Coast where more travel originates from Asia. Comparable F&B revenues grew almost 5% in the quarter or approximately 2% on USALI adjusted basis, with excellent flow through as F&B profit improved by more than 7%. Overall total comparable revenue growth was 4% for the quarter and 3.6% year-to-date. Comparable hotel EBITDA margins expanded 25 basis points for the quarter and 40 basis points year-to-date. Again USALI negatively impacted both of these figures by 20 basis points. On the acquisition front, as we announced in June, we acquired the 643 rooms Phoenician, a luxury selection resort for 400 million. This hotel is ideally located in one of the premium resort markets in the Southwest, in close proximity to nightlife, galleries, museums and businesses of downtown Scottsdale. It is a terrific hotel that we are excited to acquire and it also has several opportunities for value enhancement and redevelopment that we plan to take advantage of going forward. On the disposition front, we sold three non-core assets during the quarter, including the Sheraton Needham for $54 million which we announced in June and the Park Ridge Marriott and the Chicago Marriott O'Hare for approximately 89 million. Our European JV also sold the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam for EUR106 million. I would also note that we have a small non-core asset currently under contract for sale and expect to close on that transaction within the next few weeks for nearly $10 million. I would note that these activities have combined to improve the overall quality of our portfolio, while RevPAR is not always the best indicator of quality, it is worth noting that the average RevPAR in the domestic assets we sold this year is less than $100, while the Phoenician RevPAR is north of 220. While the scale of our acquisition activity has outpaced our disposition so far this year, because of seasonality, we expect that the net -- of these transactions as a reduction of approximately 5 million in 2015 EBITDA. However on a full year pro forma basis, the favorable impact from these activities would be north of 12 million and we expect these transactions to benefit our 2016 EBITDA by this amount. We continue to actively market properties both domestically and internationally. Given our current level of activity, we anticipate that we could realize proceeds of 100 million to 200 million from international sales by the end of the year. Domestically we expect the market 100 million to 250 million of assets this fall, but any closings resulting from these activities would likely not occur until late in the year or early 2016. Proceeds from these transactions would generally be used to pay dividends, repurchase stocks or invest in new or existing assets. Given the uncertainty with respect to timing of these transactions, the guidance I will discuss in a few minutes does not assume that we complete incremental sales other than a 10 million asset I just referenced. During the second quarter, we completed a number of highly disruptive capital projects, including the rooms' renovation of the Calgary Marriott, the Newark Airport Marriott, the JW Marriott, Houston and the JW Marriott, Washington DC as well as the lobby meeting space project at the Grand Hyatt DC. Year-to-date, the company has invested a 101 million in ROI redevelopment project and $220 million in renewal and replacement CapEx project. Construction activity in the second half of the year will remain robust, with ROI redev is estimated to range from 170 million to 185 million and renewal CapEx ranging from 150 million to 135 million. However, it is worth noting that we expect disruptions from these projects to not be as significant as we experienced in the first half of the year. As we have previously discussed, we continually look to match operator on property types and brand in an effort to maximize our operating results and asset value. Last month, we reached an agreement to franchise the Sheraton Parsippany Hotel and ATI has assumed control of the property as the operator. We currently have 12 third party managed hotels, two of which are independent. We are currently reviewing two other near term opportunities for conversion. Now let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for the remainder of 2015 as there are number of factors to keep us optimistic about our future results. Our group bookings this year have been very soft and that trend continued in the second quarter. Group bookings during Q2 for the third and fourth quarter grew by more than 20% in terms of revenue. Because there is a well documented calendar challenges both by the late Labor Day holiday and the timing of the Jewish holiday, our booked revenues are essentially flat to last year for the third quarter, but up by more than 6% for the fourth quarter. We have been pleased with our efforts to shift business into higher rated -- within our year-to-date occupancy running north of 77%, we expect that this trend will continue although it would be more pronounced in Q4. Overall we expect RevPAR in the second half the entire portfolio will exceed our first half result. Despite these positive trends, we are reducing our EBIT outlook for the full year because our operating performance at the Four Seasons Philadelphia and Ritz-Carlton, Phoenix was weaker than we anticipated as those hotels approach their closing date. And the severance expenses of these and other management transitions have increased slightly. We have also seen slight increases in the amount of business disrupted by some of our more significant capital projects, especially at the Calgary and Newark Marriott. In addition as I discussed earlier, the net impact of our acquisition and disposition activity for the full year will reduce 2015 adjusted EBITDA by approximately $5 million. So finally while our overall operating outlook across the country is generally consistent with our slightly above our first quarter outlook, we do anticipate that both Houston and the New York will underperform our previous expectations. With all this in mind, we expect our comparable hotel RevPAR growth for the year to be 4.5% to 5%. On the margin side given expected rate growth and solid group demand, we expect our adjusted margin increase to be 35 basis points to 55 basis points for the full year. Based on these operating assumptions, our adjusted EBITDA will be 1.410 billion to 1.425 billion, which is a reduction of 17.5 million at the mid-point. I would stress that guidance for adjusted FFO remains at $1.52 per share to $1.55 per share as savings on interest expenses due to our ability to access new debt re-financings at low prices and the benefit of our stock repurchases have largely offset the impact of expected reduction in adjusted EBITDA. In summary, we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and outside of the challenges posted by New York and Houston, we remain confident about the industry and our outlook for the second half of 2015.  Looking into 2016, we are seeing very strong group bookings as corporations have booking events earlier to ensure that they have access to the best hotels on the desired date. Weve been ahead on room nights for 2016 since the beginning of the year. Now we are seeing strength in rate too. Next year we will also have considerably less disruption from capital project and we will start to see the benefits of our redevelopment project. We feel very good about the health of the industry and how we are positioned for next year. Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Greg Larson: Thank you, Ed. Now let me provide some commentary on our market. The market Southwest continues to be the strongest performing markets with a RevPAR increase of 10.2%. These markets benefited from strong transient and group business in the second quarter. Transient revenues grew 10% over last year and group revenues were up 13.5% with an increase in average rate over 7% for both segments.  San Diego, Seattle, San Francisco and Hawaii all achieved double-digit RevPAR growth in the second quarter. RevPAR for our hotels in San Diego market grew an impressive 16% beating STAR upper upscale RevPAR growth by almost 500 basis points this quarter. The Grand Hyatt Manchester benefited from having full meeting space inventory as its renovations were completed in the fourth quarter last year. This enabled our managers to book in-house group business that created compression, which drove group and transient average rates.  For our hotels in San Diego, group revenues increased 19% and transient revenues grew 12%. Strong group business facilitated the 32% increase in food and beverage revenues with a 40% increase in the more profitable banquet and catering business. Our Seattle hotels grew RevPAR 15.4%, predominantly driven by a 13% increase in average rates. This growth was driven by solid market demand from city wide and the nearby US Open, which created compression and drove ADR. Group revenues increased 16% and transient revenues increased 14%. Stronger business resulted in impressive growth in food and beverage revenues, which increased nearly 17% primarily from a 24% increase in banquet and catering revenues. San Francisco continued to outperform the portfolio with RevPAR increasing 10% this quarter. Strong transient demand and solid association group business helped the hotels and grew transient and group average rates, which were up 6.7% and 5.6% respectively, resulting in transient revenues of over 9% and group revenues of 8%.  Looking at the remainder of the year, our hotels in the San Francisco market are expected to perform only slightly above our portfolio in the second half of the year, with one property that will begin its renovation in the fourth quarter and as construction at the Moscone Convention Center has negatively impacted group booking pattern. Our Hawaiian hotels generated RevPAR growth of 12.6% which exceeded STAR upper upscale RevPAR growth by 500 basis points in the second quarter. Without the USALI resort fee allocation change, the second quarter RevPAR would have been up nearly 18%. This was driven by strong group and transient demand from stable airfare and an airlift increase of 15% for last year as well as the completion of the renovation at the Fairmont Kea Lani. Food and beverage revenues increased 27% this quarter from solid increases in both banquet and catering and outlet sales. Transient and group revenues were equally strong, both increased over 20% for the quarter. As strong as Hawaii was in the first half of the year, we expect our hotels in Hawaii to underperform the portfolio in the second half of the year due to weaker city wide events and a decrease for Japanese travelers. Our Atlanta property increased RevPAR by 12.6%, driven by an occupancy increase of 5 percentage points in addition to average rate growth of 5.5%. Our hotels in Atlanta exceeded the STAR upper upscale market RevPAR growth by 220 basis points. The room renovation at the Westin Buckhead last year contributed to the market's outperformance this quarter. Food and beverage revenues were up 15%, driven by banquet increases from solid group room nights at the Buckhead hotel. In part, due to the renovations to the Westin Buckhead and Grand Hyatt Buckhead that were completed in the third quarter of last year, we expect Atlanta property to outperform the portfolio in the second half of this year. Our hotels in the DC market increased RevPAR 6.8% with excellent average rate growth of 8% as properties shifted from lower rated transient business to higher rated group segment. Group room nights increased 12%, while transient room nights fell 11%. Both group and transient average rates increased by 6.7% and 10.8% respectively, resulting in group revenue growth of 19%, offsetting a transient revenue decline of 2%.  The hotels in DC underperformed the STAR upper upscale market result due to the renovation of three major hotels during the quarter. These renovations were completed in the second quarter. The third quarter for DC will be challenging as certain city wides will not repeat in this quarter as well as the shift of the holiday into September this year. However, fourth quarter looks good as the property start to benefit from the renovations that began in December of last year and there will be no mid-term elections this year.  Unfortunately RevPAR growth in New York, Houston and Calgary continued to be constrained in the second quarter due to a combination of increased supply, renovation and oil issues. All these markets experienced declines in RevPAR for the quarter. Our initial expectation was for RevPAR growth in New York to turn slightly positive in the second quarter and that did not transpire. However, although RevPAR declined 1.5% in the quarter, it is worth noting the positive momentum throughout the quarter as RevPAR sequentially improved each month with June resulting in positive RevPAR growth of 3.3%. This was a positive sign. Having said that, the ability to increase rates has been hindered by supply that continues to negatively impact the New York market as well as a decrease in demand from international travelers due to the strength in the U.S. dollar. Based on these issues, we have decreased our forecast for the remainder of the year, so we are still predicting slightly positive RevPAR in the second half due to easier comps, the completion of the renovations at the Newark Airport Marriott and a better group booking pace in the second half of the year when compared to first half of the year. In Houston, while the renovation at the JW Houston was completed in April, RevPAR at our hotels in this market declined 8.4%. One major reason was the flooding that occurred in Houston in May. In addition, declines related to the energy in this industry continue to negatively impact the Houston market. Further, Middle Eastern medical patient business declined at the St. Regis which affected average rate in the quarter. We should also note that the Medical Center Marriott will undergo a rooms renovation beginning in September which will cause some disruption.  Finally, our Calgary Marriott had a RevPAR decline of 40% for the second quarter, mainly due to the continued extensive renovation at the hotel that was completed at June and also partially impacted by declining energy business as a result of falling oil prices. The decline in energy business will continue to impact our Calgary hotel for the remainder of the year. Third quarter is expected to improve from second quarter levels that will continue to be challenged by oil issues. However, results for the fourth quarter should significantly improve to be positive as comparable results become easier due to the renovations that began in November of last year. Shifting to our European joint venture, our assets in Europe had an outstanding quarter with constant euro RevPAR increase of 5.3%, resulting from a 5.5% increase in average rates. Increase was driven by strong transient business. Transient revenues increased 10%, primarily from a 9.5% increase in average rates. Group revenues decreased 1.8% as occupancy decreased 5%, but it is important to note that average rates increased 3.5%. Eight of the 18 European joint venture hotels achieved RevPAR results in excess of 9% in the second quarter. With major events in Venice and Milan, our properties in these markets had RevPAR growth of 32% and 16% respectively for the quarter. Our outlook for the European assets remains encouraging even with the issues surrounding Greece and a potential exit from the euro zone. EVP performance across the region is improving, most notably in Spain and the Netherlands. Since our last call, Spain's GDP forecast increased 50 basis points to 3% and the Netherlands forecast increased 40 basis points to 2%. Consumer confidence in these countries has been on the rise and tourism has been a large contributor to Spain's economic recovery. International travel demand has been strong into European countries with a weakened euro. Year-to-date U.S. travel into our hotels in Europe has increased approximately 5%, but the third quarter figure is looking stronger. This goes well for the band of our European portfolio for the remaining summer months. Moving to our forecast for the rest of the year, we expect RevPAR to accelerate in the second half of this year with fourth quarter performance significantly exceeding our third quarter performance. As many of you are aware, third quarter last year was our best performing quarter and as a result, it will provide for a difficult comp for the upcoming third quarter; coupled that with the negative calendar impact from the later Labor Day, and the shifting of the Jewish holidays; we expect slower RevPAR growth in the third quarter than the first half of this year. Inversely, because of the calendar shift and easier comp than last years fourth quarter, we expect the fourth quarter will be the strongest performing quarter of the year. As a result, we expect third quarter to generate only 45% of the remaining EBITDA for the year.  During the second quarter, we repurchased 6.55 million shares of our common stock for a total purchase price of 131 million. We have 369 million of repurchase capacity under the program. With regards to dividend, we paid a regular second quarter dividend of $0.20 per share, which represents a yield of approximately 4% on the current stock price. Given our strong extended operating outlook and significant amount of free cash flow, we are committed to sustaining a meaningful dividend. In summary, we feel good about the industry fundamentals and our results. Our domestic portfolio performance has been solid and the positive pace of the industry upper upscale RevPAR results and we expect our comparable RevPAR to accelerate in the second half of the year. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask you just on the portfolio sales, I think you said you have a total of 200 million to 350 million of international and domestic properties currently being marketed. What are your thoughts around acquisitions I guess at this point? And kind of what kind of markets would you be primarily focused on?
Ed Walter: Smedes, I think we are -- I want to correct what you said about the sales, we have a number of international sales that are on the market now. Were expecting to put a lot of domestic properties on the market more in the fall, which is why the closings on that are going to be a bit delayed. I think on the acquisition side, we are looking at opportunities that would be in markets where were underrepresented some of the West Coast market, especially around say LA or in Seattle are markets we might still be trying to buy and certain markets in South Florida too. I think were being provided reasons including where our stock price sits in order to move forward with an acquisition, it needs to make sense in the context of an alternative of buying our stock back and so I wouldnt put us in the aggressive path in terms of acquisitions, but whether the right opportunity to create value wed like -- well, we'll look to take advantage of it.
Smedes Rose: And I just wanted to ask you maybe just kind of bigger picture sort of I guess strategy. I mean you guys are always trying to sort of I think recycle the bottom kind of tier of your assets. Would you ever think about maybe pulling that forward and possibly spinning out kind of a subset or carving out or potentially selling to another REIT to whom those kinds of asset might be attractive or to kind of just overall improve the quality of your portfolio more quickly rather than over a period of years?
Ed Walter: No, I think certainly that is a thought that weve looked at repeatedly over the course of the last probably 18 to 24 months. I think probably the more efficient execution in the long run would be a sale as oppose to a spin out. I think there is a spin out, well it looks good on paper, you really got to be thoughtful about the kind of company that youre creating and making certain that that company has a [indiscernible] on its own or youre not going to get the valuation that you might think you get. So if there are opportunities to sell whether it was to other REITs or other parties in scale, we would certainly be open to that. Again I think we found so far, every time we have tested some of those theories about doing a larger sale, the reality is we've come back to the fact that the best way to maximize pricing is one-off transactions that are heavily marketed.
Operator: And next well here from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: On the group demand, how is it in the quarter for the quarter group booking pace in the second quarter and how do you expect that to trend over the rest of the year?
Ed Walter: We were modestly down in the quarter for the quarter because we had started the quarter in such a strong position. I would say as we look towards the end of the year, I think we'd probably for the third quarter I would imagine that we would -- we might trend just a touch. Fourth quarter, I would expect to see that well see more bookings based on the trending that weve been seeing which is that were booking more as you look at least a quarter out, weve been booking more in those quarters for the last three quarters in a row right now. I think what we are experiencing here which is a good think -- and I think we've had this confirmed by all of our operators is that corporations are starting -- recognizing that hotels especially hotels that can accommodate groups running at high occupancies and are getting increasingly filled up. And so consequently, we are seeing better bookings as we look outwards for the second half of 15 or 16 even for 17 as company start to realize that they need to lock in the spaces that they want for the events that they want to have in order to make it certain that they are getting the right date in the right hotel, so I think thats a very favorable trend.
Greg Larson: I agree with that, the long-term trends are good, but I would also say that even the short term trends the bookings in the quarter for the entire year for 2015 if you look at that way, the volume was up 13.5% and the average rate book it was up approximately 4.5%.
Anthony Powell: And switching gears I guess to some of your franchising activity, you completed a number of these transactions this year and you have some more to go. Could you just broadly discuss the economics of these deals? Are you paying lower fees? Have you had more control over the asset or how are you looking broadly at this going more towards a franchise and third-party operator model?
Ed Walter: I think what were finding, there is a variety of different situations that we've had this year, so in some cases it just moved. We may or may not be changing the brand and may or may not be creating a different type of a hotel by become -- looking to be something like what were doing at the Logan or at the Canby, so there is no one great story, but I think broadly speaking what were finding as we evaluate these opportunities to convert to a franchise operator and a little bit more of the local market focus on the marketing side. So we are expecting in each instance to varying degrees to see a better revenue blocking. And in most cases, this is because these hotels are less dependent on group business and a little bit more focused on corporate transient. And then were definitely seeing a leaner expense model which is lean enough or more lean than our existing model enough to offset the slight increase in fees that we incur in some instances when we convert from a managed to a franchise model. So the bottom-line is in each instance like were making the switch, we are ending up with what we expect to be an improved NOI once the new operator have had an opportunity to come into the hotel and for operations to stabilize.
Operator: And next well here from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Anto Savarirajan: This is Anto Savarirajan for Steve Kent. You periodically review your exposure to different markets. Understand your view that you would like to have your footprint concentrated in the major markets. But given current trends, would you say you are overweight in a few markets that you would like to move out off and I mean New York City we understand the longer term view there, but is there a view that you are overweight in the market and would like to trim exposure in maybe few of those markets? And the second question, you did mentioned that New York, you have towed down your expectations for the back half of the year, when we look through to 2016 and 2017, how are you thinking about the ability to get back pricing as the supply pipeline accelerates? And are there things that we are missing that perhaps you have a better view off?
Ed Walter: Well, I don't know that I necessarily know everything that you know, so it may be hard for me to figure out what you're missing. But I can certainly understand the thrust of your question. As we look certainly New York's been a challenging market and while we expected to be stronger in the second half of the year in terms of 2015, it has been a challenging market for us too. As we look at next year, I would agree with your point that supply look to be increasing next year. I would note that as we all look at those statistics is that at least as we -- based on the numbers that weve look at, it tends to be a consistent over prediction a year out of the supply that's going to be delivered in New York and then what it has actually delivered is less. I cant assure you that that trend will happen in 2016, but we have seen that trend happen in the last two years or three years.  Having said that I think that supply will be the concern again next year. The thing that could offset that would be stronger predicted growth in the U.S. in general in terms of economic growth and investment and to the extent that that also would perhaps benefit in terms of additional activity in the financial sector that would clearly be a plus for New York. International travel has been a big benefit to New York. I think this year is probably a bit of a drag on New York. This is one of the reasons why we've seen some weaker performance there. I cant predict what happens with currencies for 2016, but if the delta and the change in currency with the dollar relative to the oil and some other things would perhaps potentially be different next year than it has been this year where the increase in the dollar's value is not as great. That could vote favorably for New York and these trips that were postponed from 2015 happen in 2016.  I'd say the other thing that I would note is that as we look at the booking pace for next year at least as it relates to our portfolios, we were looking at a considerably down booking pace in 2015, we are looking at essentially a flat booking pace at this point for 2016, which again is certainly trending in a better direction than where it was. As it relates to our exposure in New York, I think were probably a little over allocated to New York. Having said that I think were looking seriously at marketing one of our assets and there will probably be -- I think any sale that we would do in New York would be certainly contingent on getting a very attractive price. We do view the markets in the long run as an important market to be invested in and it's not easy for us to find assets that we like in the market, so we would want to be thoughtful about exiting one of our hotels, but if we can attract the right size, we would be open to consummating a transaction.
Greg Larson: And Anto, keep in mind based on obviously our acquisition this year the small disposition that we have this year in New York and actually the underperformance of New York this year, if you look at New York as a percentage of our EBITDA at the end of this year, it's going to be closer to 12%.
Anto Savarirajan: And you spoke of the Phoenician a very large asset. Not a lot of people would have the wherewithal to do such a transaction, Host can. When you look at your opportunity set, do you lean one way or the other where you find that you have an edge with some of these larger transactions compared to some of the other opportunities? And again, would Host at some point think about adding on a select service portfolio, given the popularity it seems to be enjoying now? 
Ed Walter: I'm sorry, didnt hear, what type of portfolio?
Anto Savarirajan: Select service hotels.
Ed Walter: Select service, I would say that to your first point, we certainly recognize that on larger transactions because of our scale and because of our excess capitals that we have an ability to buy those and other and maybe in environment where it's a little less competition than what we might see in other properties, that doesnt mean that were just going to focus on those opportunities, but it is something we certainly recognize as we look at different acquisitions. In terms of adding a select service portfolio, I think I would -- that we would be comfortable on adding select service assets. There is no reason why you could do or purchase a portfolio of those assets, but that would really be driven far more by where those assets were located and what the growth prospects were for those assets located and what the growth prospects were for those assets as opposed to making a strategic movement to adding select service per say.
Operator: And next we will hear from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Can you just help us bridge your revised 2015 EBITDA guidance? I think you cut the low end by $10 million, cut the high end by $25 million. You obviously cut the high end of your RevPAR guidance and then you also named a number of other kind of drivers. But can you just like maybe quantify each one of them if you could? That would be very helpful. Thank you.
Greg Larson: Yes. I think the simple way to do this really is that if you look in terms at the midpoint where we talked about $17.5 million decline, look just a hair over 5 of that is attributable to that the delta between the EBITDA generated by the Phoenician and the EBITDA that's lost by the asset delta we have consummated already this year. As you look at the other three sources that we identified for the reason why the EBITDA declined, it's pretty much an even allocation across those three items.
Thomas Allen: And then just as a follow up. Can you just help us with The Phoenician seasonality? I believe that's a very seasonal property where you actually lose money during the summer, but could you just help us think about it?
Greg Larson: Yes. I'd say that you are right in your assessment of the property, it's probably a desperate season during the course of the summer and it probably generates about two-third's, actually it probably generates about three quarters of its profit during the first five months of the year and about one quarter of its profit over the remaining seven months of the year.
Operator: And next we will hear from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: You mentioned about the group outlook getting a little tighter, people scrambling to get rooms forward out. Are you seeing any interest in moving to secondary markets and out of these high occupancy gateway markets?
Ed Walter: We dont have a lot of hotels in those secondary markets necessarily. So it'd be probably be a little bit -- we probably dont have great way to quantify that, but I think one of the reasons why you're seeing the secondary markets at some of the lower price points, begin to perform better is because they have -- they run at lower occupancies and then they have had an office, so they have more room to take on groups and things like that. So I think that's why when you look at what -- as broadly across the industry, the secondary markets have for about last 12 months had bigger occupancy gains and I think it's in part because of what you identified.
Greg Larson: It's certainly helping out Atlanta for instance, that's right.
Wes Golladay: And then when we look at New York, we always hear about the crisis of confidence in that market. I was just wondering how much of that do you think that was actually potentially mix shift is getting more of the lower rated leisure customers in the market. Just curious about how the business transient customer is in that market? Are you able to have pricing power with that customer?
Greg Larson: I would say that off the markets across the country, New York is one of those ones where you have the least pricing power right now. I think that's frankly part of the problem that we have all been grappling with. Now you got to remember when you look at New York is that the first quarter you had a very difficult comp that related back to the Super Bowl. And the first quarter of New York has always tends to be the quarter where New York runs at lower occupancy levels compared to its overall stabilized level of occupancy for the year. So in the environment where you have some increase in new supply slightly demand than what we have experienced in the prior year leaving out the Super Bowl equation, you ended up with a fairly competitive environment, even despite the factors that markets landed at a very high overall occupancy level. We do think that as you work your way into the fourth quarter that scenario starts to look a little bit more effective because the market runs at even higher occupancy levels in fourth quarter than it does the rest of the year. Having said that, I think we are still finding that it's not easy to push rates especially for transient business.
Operator: And we will now hear from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Two questions; one is you may have said this in your introductory comments and I missed it, but you mentioned the group bookings were up for 2016. But I don't think you gave the same, didn't give the percentage numbers the way you did for second half. So I wonder if you could just be a little more specific on group bookings for 2016?
Ed Walter : Yes. Robin at this point, it looks like our group bookings for 16 are trending up close to 6% from a revenue perspective. 
Robin Farley: Okay. And then the construction disruption, previously you guys had quantified that as being 25 million for the full year. Is that, there wasnt a reference to that figure in todays release. I America just wondering if you felt that was still the best way to quantify it.
Ed Walter : Okay. Now remember Robin that number refers to the disruption that we were expecting to see in our non-comparable hotels as opposed to the comparable ones. So that number is capturing the delta that we are experiencing year over year in say the Ritz Carlson in Phoenix or the Four Seasons in Philadelphia, the Axiom in San Francisco. Those hotels where theyre being closed for part of the year or in the case of the San Diego Marquis where we eliminated a major chunk of our meeting space in order to build the new ballroom. I would say that number had trended up just and that is really what part of what we were referring to in our comment about the increased loss in effect because of the severance and weaker operations at the Ritz Carlson and the Four Seasons in the spring. But in the bottom-line those Hotels was simply that with as the hotels were focusing -- essentially as the management teams and employees focusing more on closing and what they were going to do next, and we overestimated the profits that we thought we would generate during next period. We have been conservative but it just turned out to be weaker. The good news is with that problem has no impact on what happens with the hotel next year.
Greg Larson: Correct. Obviously increased severance cost this year, obviously well not impact next year.
Robin Farley: Okay. That is great, thanks. And then just a quick clarification on the group comments for 2016, the revenue up close to 6%. What was specifically the Q2 bookings in Q2 for 2016, the change?
Ed Walter : Robin, I dont have those handy.
Robin Farley: Okay, no problem. Thank you. I can get that.
Ed Walter : The bottom line though is the same trend that we had otherwise been seeing was that we were our situation in 16 and in 17 during the course for the second quarter.
Operator: And well move on to the question from Ryan Meliker with Canaccord Genuity.
Ryan Meliker: I just had a couple of follow-ups for you, just to piggyback off what Smedes was asking earlier with the potential to sell incremental assets. You guys are obviously doing a lot of things that are creating value whether it be ticking off assets to sell one by one, or converting to third-party operations, or buying back stock at lower levels, which all make sense but none of it seems to move the needle that much given your scale. You mentioned the willingness potentially to do a larger portfolio transaction. Obviously you guys have historically trimmed the portfolio on the bottom end. But if you were going to do a larger portfolio transaction I guess how do you guys think about your portfolio in terms of the size that you might be willing to dispose of given the right opportunity in the market?
Ed Walter : Ryan I think thats a hard question to answer any abstract. And I wouldn't want to leave people with the sense that we think we need to sell a large number of our assets. We think we have a very strong portfolio at this point and were very happy with how the bulk of it is performing. So I think it really comes down to, were going to continue to, as you described, were going to sell if the weaker assets within the portfolio. And as we continue to do this over the course for the last number of years, the quality of what were seeing continue to improve. But I wouldnt want to start to speculate on what a larger transaction might look like, because I wouldnt want to raise the expectations that something like that was likely.
Ryan Meliker: Okay, that is fair enough. And then just the second question I had was, Greg, you had mentioned that New York started to turn in June but you are still somewhat wary about New York because of slowing international travel. We've heard from others that they haven't seen any slowing in international travel. I know the airline data is lagging, but that is not showing any slowing in terms of the in-planements and de-planements for travel abroad. Is this specific to data that you're getting from your hotels associated with international bookings or is there some other data source; I guess what gives you confidence that you are seeing a slowing in international travel to New York?
Ed Walter: I think the airlines added that we are seeing nationwide is suggesting that travel from Europe is off a bit, and specific data that weve got in for our individual hotels in the market has suggested that we have seen weaker travels from Europe over the course of the first half of this year. Now as you then look at -- I would point out that on Europe, a lot of the analysis on Europe has been EU currency countries are down in terms of travel. The UK where the currency has been stronger and travel from Switzerland which I think has been much smaller piece of it, has actually been up a bit. But weve also seen, I think in some of our assets we have seen that travel from Asia has offset this decline in EU and in other hotels we have not seen that I think that in a lot of cases this has to do with for travel booking that the individual hotels have gone after, it has to do with their group pattern. So it is tricky to draw broad conclusions. Weve done the best we could to interpret sort of variety of different data points to give you a sense that when we look at it overall we feel as if international travels been off slightly from New York this year.
Ryan Meliker: And then just one last follow-up on New York. It sounds like sequentially things got much better in June. We heard from one of the smaller hotel REITs that their New York in July was up 7%. Are you seeing continued sequential improvement? I am not asking for guidance or detail, but just are you seeing that trend that you saw in June persist well into July? 
Ed Walter: We look at the first few weeks of July; I say were roughly in line with what we saw in June. I want to say weve seen acceleration. But I think were still comfortably positive. So hopefully that will continue for this week and to the rest of the summer.
Operator: And next well move to a question from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly: Just sticking with New York, I mean the supply/demand outlook there for 2015 and 2016 certainly seems challenging. I think it has been talked about quite a bit. And it could cause some maybe rockiness in cash flows. I am curious, Ed, what is your perspective on the direction of asset prices in New York in light of that environment? Because we certainly had robust prices; it seems to have disconnected a little bit from the operating cash flows. Do you expect that to sort of reconnect one way or another?
Ed Walter: Imagine that the cap rates will say low Jeff, just because there is no inherent attraction to the market, but I would say that I would, is that one of the things that I think were going to find out over the course of the fall, with our intention to move forward in marketing and asset is to get a sense of exactly how strong the market would be. A lot of the activity that you've seen so far as the more attractive prices has been international buyers. I think they are going to continue to be attracted to the market, because they have perhaps a longer perspective in terms of whats going about the attractiveness in the New York market and they may have different motivations in terms of the returns that they are trying to achieve with their capital. So overall I would expect that at least when looked at in the context of cap rates then New York will continue to be one of the more attractively priced markets. One of the issue will be what the NOI is that that cap rate is going to be applied to. 
Jeff Donnelly: And if it will be -- I am thinking, my recollection is that you guys couldn't take action on it until sometime in early second quarter maybe of next year. Are you contemplating bringing it to market in advance of that? Will the closing sort of be well-timed? Or do you feel you need to wait until you are clear to sell that you can begin marketing? 
Ed Walter: I would say that we are not looking at one of our two largest assets in terms of marketing we are looking at one of our more mid-sized assets, that we think has a more unique story that could be successful -- successfully executed in today's market there.
Jeff Donnelly: And just maybe I'll switch gears, and correct me if I am wrong. I thought your original 2015 guidance had no assumption for net investment activity. So is the reason that the year-to-date net investment that we have seen of about $260 million is impacting your 2015 guidance simply just a timing issue? In effect the seasonal contribution of The Phoenician as you mentioned in the second half just isn't enough to offset what is probably a pretty high cap rate on the non-core asset sales?
Ed Walter: I would say that it's a high cap rate on a non-core sales just to make that a general point there. We have been selling -- that assets that we have sold when you take into account the asset and then you -- that might be associated which is I think only significant in the phase of one of the sales. We have been getting very attractive cap rate and this fixes for those deals. It is what you survive which is fireline as it's in the desert, you make your money in the first part of the year. And you dont make that much in the last seven months of the year. The assets that we sold -- you think about Boston and some of those other markets, even Chicago tend to be stronger in the summer and in the fall and tend to be relatively weak in the winter and in the very early spring. So we just ended up in the scenario when you look at it for '15 is we ended up buying an asset that's strongest performance has been in the period of time before we acquired it. And the assets that we were selling not to the same degree, but to some degree have a stronger second half of the year than the first half which is why the net delta is negative this year, but on a pro forma basis would be positive and certainly we would be expecting when we look at it in the context of 2016, we are confident we have added to EBITDA of 2016 virtue of our assets. 
Operator: And now we will move on to a question from Ian Weissman with Credit Suisse.
Ian Weissman: Yes. Good morning. Just shifting gears a little bit on Houston. Clearly it came in weaker than you had anticipated. I guess my question is, is the business drop-off in that market just companies delaying business or you are seeing cancellations?
Greg Larson: I think it's a little bit of both Ian. And as I mentioned we also had some other issues in the quarter whether it is disruption or the flooding that I talked about. I think when we look out into the second half of the year, certainly Houston was better than the RevPAR decline that we announced this morning for the second quarter. But having said that, I think when we look at our second half forecast today for Houston, it's slightly lower than what we were predicting a quarter ago for Houston.
Ian Weissman: Your expectations for Houston I mean today Shell announced they are laying off 6,500 people and 1,000 of those will be felt in the Houston marketplace. Is your expectations for Houston taking into account a worse economic environment and more job layoffs or are you feeling like your outlook is on sort of steady as you goes, business operations in that market?
Greg Larson: Right. We try to take into account all those factors. The negative factors that you just mentioned, the group booking pace actually the third quarter is actually quite weak, the flip side is that the group bookings phase in the fourth quarter in Houston is extremely strong. And so we are trying to take into account all those things including the fact that some of our disruption will be behind at this time.
Ian Weissman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Greg Larson: Yes, I think trying to keep in mind, Ian, is that Houston is really about 2.5% to 3% of our -- So obviously pretty likely move for us.
Operator: And now we will hear from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So I just wanted to talk a little bit more about some of the international hotels in the portfolio. So thinking about what we are seeing out of Brazil and Canada which have been obviously particularly weak. A question sort of is as you look forward Ed, and you are starting to focus a little bit more on refranchising or franchising away from managing in some of the US markets, do you think that some of these smaller international markets are starting to become bigger distractions and those are areas where you could look to prune the portfolio a little bit or are these still I think part and parcel to the Host strategy at this point?
Greg Larson: No I think we are. I would say that we have a disproportionate number of international hotels in the market right now. And some of that is a I say that part of that's strategic and part of that is also tactical from a standpoint that we look across the portfolio, there are five different metrics that we use in purchase deciding what asset to sale. These were assets there moved up on the listing - I would say that in terms of what's happening in real and what's happening in Calgary and the back of the growth international RevPAR down significantly. The Calgary has been a challenging room renovate, but long-term it's been a good market for us. Short-term it's suffering both for the renovation and long-term its been a good market for us, short permit suffering both from the renovation and then some of the same issues that exist in Houston, because thats also, thats probably and its equivalent of the Houston market. But certainly as a general asset, but I wouldnt see that as a distraction. In the case of the real assets we continued to understand what's happening in that market from capital flows and things like that. We know we got a strong year probably next year with the Olympic, I think if we saw the right opportunity to execute to sale, we would be open to that. But we also want to be thoughtful about capturing good prices there too.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks, Ed, I think it is really clear. And just to be, just to go back to the international or the marketing of the hotels that you talked about, because I missed some of the upfront comments. Just to be clear, included in any of the international sales are you a net seller in Europe or are you actually -- is nothing in I guess the JV contemplated there?
Ed Walter : I would say, we expect to be a net seller in Europe this year. We are still -- that is the market that we are still interest in acquiring. So that is what we are certainly looking aggressively there. But I would say looking in our overall level of activity and handicapping that, I would say that we have already sold one asset there. We got very good pricing on that. And I think were more likely to be, well be in net seller in Europe this year more likely than a net buyer.
Operator: And now well move to question from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Just one for me. Can you guys maybe talk a little bit about as you look out to next year and Im really not asking for guidance? But on the renovations, which obviously have had kind of a disproportionate impact for you this year, how much comfort do you have that those, that the impact will kind of naturally reverse in terms of whether it is group bookings at some hotels or your discussions with the corporate room buyers or anything like that?
Ed Walter : Chris, as it relates, as we talk about those non-comp hotels which is where the bulk of the problem this year, the one that have been close. Were certainly based on the initial results were seeing, We feel good about how those properties will perform next year. But having said that, but also say that were in the midst of construction; our management company has just taken over. All of those hotels tend to be a little bit more transient than group dominated, I am thinking more specifically of the one in San Francisco as well as both Phoenix and the Philly assets. So I dont know that we have a lot of good indicators right now other than our overall underwriting of how those assets is performing in those market. We should have better insight into that as we get into the third quarter fall, and certainly as we get into the next years first fall, only from the standpoint, but that point the operators will be in place, the product will start to be more visible in the market and well have a better sense of the bookings. But were expecting across the board in those hotels, but not only recapture the loss EBITDA from this year, but also to be adding meaningfully to EBITDA over the course with 16 and 17. So I think that Im certainly confident that well recapture most of the, all of a lots EBITDA next year. And then the real question is how much is that expect to growth and we have been 16 versus 17.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. Id now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
Ed Walter: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight in the remainder of 2015 and third quarter call in the fall. Have a great day. Enjoy the rest of the summer. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays conference call. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President Ed Walter - President and Chief Executive Officer Greg Larson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony Powell - Barclays Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Smedes Rose - Citigroup Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Harry Curtis - Nomura Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Gee Lingberg, Vice President.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Noah. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter 2015 earnings call. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publically update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at www.hosthotels.com.  With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for 2015. Greg will then provide greater detail on our first quarter performance by market and discuss our margin results. Following the remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, heres Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report that 2015 is off to a solid start with another quarter of positive results for the company driven by strong rate growth and solid group demand despite the headwinds of business interruption from capital investments. We continue to feel good about industry fundamentals and our outlook for the remainder of the year, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. First, lets review our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $321 million, which reflects a 4.2% increase over last year. Our first quarter adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.35, which exceeded consensus estimates and reflected 6.1% increase over last year. These results were driven by several factors. First, RevPAR for our comparable hotels on a constant currency basis increased 3.8% for the quarter driven by rate growth of 4.8%, which was partially offset by an occupancy decrease of 0.7 percentage points. As we detail on our call in February, our operating results at our comparable hotels were materially affected by a number of comprehensive room and meeting space projects at several of our larger hotels. At the 15 hotels that were under significant construction during Q1, RevPAR declined by more than 13% and EBITDA fell by nearly $17 million when compared to 2014. When looking at the performance of our hotels that were not under construction in Q1 of either 2014 or 2015m RevPAR was up 5.5% and this portfolio saw meaningful improvement in market share. RevPAR growth in the portfolio was driven by transient rate growth and a combination of rate and demand growth in our group business. Our transient rate was up more than 4.5% as we experienced strong rate growth in all segments of our business and now achieved the average rate achieved in the first quarter of the prior peak. On the group side, demand increased by 1% driven by an 8.5% increase in our association segment. Corporate business was flat to last year, which means we booked over 15,000 rooms to offset the loss of the Super Bowl group we had in 2014 in New York City. Group rate was up 3% leading to group revenue increase of 4%. Perhaps providing better insight into the strength of our group business, demand and revenues increased more than 2% and 5.5% respectively over last year when we look at the hotels unaffected by renovation in either 2014 or 2015. While only about 9% of our EBITDA comes from foreign sources, the dramatic strengthening of the dollar did reduce EBITDA in the quarter by approximately $4 million. The solid rate growth and positive group activity led to comparable EBITDA margin expansion of 50 basis points and comparable hotel EBITDA growth of nearly 5%. As you might expect, the margin expansion of the hotels not under renovation was significantly higher than the level we experienced in the comparable portfolio. Now let me spend a few minutes regarding our approach to capital allocation. First, I want to be clear that we continue to have a positive view on the lodging industry and on the cycle. As most of you know, forecast for supply in 2015 and 2016 indicate it will fall short of the historical long-term and short-term demand level. And while it is early to be predicting 2017s supply, based on the construction sites announced to-date, we do not expect it to accelerate meaningfully. All this adjusted for at least the next two years provided there is no impact to the demand side of the equation, revenue should continue to increase better than inflationary levels, and the operating environment in our space will remain attractive. As you might anticipate, we are not the only capital source with this view. Lending to our industry has continued to improve and equity capital has been drawn to the higher NOI growth our sector can generate. The natural consequence of these trends as pricing has continued to improve and anticipated returns on acquisitions have contracted. Recognizing these facts, over the last two years, we have sought to take advantage of the market by selling assets generally in non-target markets or in suburban locations within our target markets, including some of our big BOSS Group hotels. In fact, in the last 26 months, we have sold over $1.2 billion of asset. We expect to continue to improving our portfolio in 2015 with roughly $100 million to $150 million in sales in active acquisition currently and with a plan to market at least an additional $200 million to $300 million in asset over the remainder of the year. Over the last two years, we have been clear about our desire to have a strong balance sheet view from both the coverage and a leverage perspective. Irrespective of our current view of the industrys, history and experience has taught us that a strong balance sheet is our companys and our shareholders best defense against an unpredictable world. Today, we are comfortable that we have the balance sheet strength that we believe is appropriate. As a result, going forward, at some unique circumstances, we would expect to fund additional investments through a combination of proceeds from asset sales, cash flow generated by operations, and modest debt issuance. As market conditions have evolved, we have found it more difficult to identify assets that satisfy our return requirements. As a result, we have renewed our efforts to generate value from our existing portfolio. Our initial success was the redevelopment of the Atlanta Perimeter Marriott and the Sheraton Indianapolis have lead to additional activity in this arena with the conversion of the Phoenix Ritz-Carlton to an independent hotel affiliated with the Autograph brand to be operated by Destination Hotels is just the most recent example. While there is near-term disruption from these types of investments, we expect that they will generate mid-teens or better returns, which clearly exceed what we expect to generate from acquisitions. Were also expanding our focus on acquisitions to include transactions which require this type of approach as we believe there is somewhat less competition and a greater likelihood of achieving our return requirements. While we are aggressively pursuing several investment opportunities and do expect to complete more acquisitions this year than we did in 2014, we would not be surprised if our sales activity exceeded our investments. For that reason, our Board has approved a $500 million stock buyback program which will be effective once we file our 10-Q this week. While our level of activity under that program will depend on our stock price, our sales and operating activities as well as our other investment alternatives, we felt it made sense to have such a program in place to give us the opportunity to effectively enhance our investments in our great portfolio of hotels. Purchases can occur during any of our open periods which generally begin after our earnings call and end slightly before quarter end. In that respect, we do view our stock is very attractively priced. While we recognize the broader markets concern about the disruption we expect to incur from our increased capex spending this year, we believe the market is underestimating the benefit that capex will deliver in 2016 and 2017. While we have projected that we will lose $25 million of EBITDA in 2015 compared to last year and seven non-com hotels that are being closed in full or in part due to significant renovation. We expect to reverse the projected $25 million in disruption this year and add an estimated $25 million or more benefit going forward. With respect to the disruption in our comparable portfolio I highlighted earlier in my comments, given our expectations of lower capex spending in 2016, we expect to see less general disruption next year that we are experiencing in 2015. And while it seems to be fashionable to some to criticize the strength of our balance sheet, we would view our investment grade rating which leads to superior access to the credit markets throughout the cycle and our highly liquid stock is benefit worthy of a premium multiple not at discount. Finally, it is worth noting that we think the replacement cost for our portfolio which includes signature assets in virtually every major gateway market in the country average over 425 key [ph], well above our current trading level of 320. Now let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for the remainder of 2015 as there are a number of factors that keep us optimistic about our future results. As I described earlier, fundamentals in the industry continue to be positive as key economic factors driving demand such as GDP growth and business investments will trend positively over the full year.  Overall, we expect group demand to remain solid through the remainder of the year. Continuing our experience in Q4 of last year, bookings in the first quarter for the year increased by more than 10.5% and the average rate was 8% higher than last year. Due to the strong bookings in the first quarter, demand in the second quarter is now up more than 3% with rate up more than 3.5% resulting in revenue growth of more than 7%. Overall for the year, our group rate is up more than 2.5% with group revenue up nearly 3.5% which represents a significant increase from where we started the year. Construction activity will continue to affect operating results with meaningfully higher year-over-year spending in Q2 although the impact in Q2 should not be as severe as what we experienced in Q1. Over the last six months, the dollar is appreciated by more than 15% against the international currencies relating to markets where we own hotels and it is expected to appreciate further going forward. As a result, we now expect the year-over-year impact of this currency depreciation on EBITDA to be $25 million for the full year which is about $8 million worse than what we projected in February. Offsetting the currency decline, we expect to see better than originally expected benefits from some of our cost saving initiatives suggesting that our margin improvement for the year will be higher than what we indicated in February. While we do expect to complete additional sales and acquisitions throughout the year, our guidance does not include any transaction activity beyond the one announced sale of the Delta Meadowvale Hotel, Canada. With all of this in mind, we continue to expect our comparable domestic hotel RevPAR growth for the year to be 4.5% to 5.5%. On the margin side, given expected rate growth and solid demand growth we expect our adjusted margin increase to be 30 basis points to 60 basis points through the full year. Based on these operating assumptions our adjusted EBITDA guidance will remain at $1.420 billion to a $1.450 billion and a $1.52 to a $1.55 per FFO per share. In summary, we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and remain confident about our outlook for the remainder of 2015. Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our CFO who would discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Greg Larson: Thank you Ed. As expected our market results for the first quarter were mixed, while there were some outstanding performing markets with double digit RevPAR increases and were partially offset by negative results for hotels in New York, DC, Houston, and Canada. However it was encouraging to see that in most of our markets RevPAR growth was predominantly driven by rate increases. Let me now provide some commentary on our individual markets. It was encouraging to see that for a first time in a long while in East Coast market Boston lead performance with an impressive 20.5% increase in RevPAR, resulting from a 6% growth in occupancy, coupled with a 9.5% ADR increase. Despite the negative impact from the record-breaking winter storms four of the five hotels in that market posted impressive double-digit RevPAR growth ranging from 13% to 37%, with two of those hotels benefiting from prior year room renovation. Without the benefit of these renovations remaining hotels grew RevPAR over 13%. F&B revenues increased approximately 19% leading to EBITDA growth of nearly 200 basis points. Our hotels in Boston outperformed the STAR upper upscale hotels in the market by 600 basis points. In addition to positive renovation impact at Sheraton, Boston [00:02:09], our managers in Boston focused on a strategy to improve group occupancy, especially at our two large hotels. As a result, group occupancy in the first quarter improved 670 basis points at our Boston Copley Marriott and Sheraton Boston properties, which helped drive the increase in RevPAR in F&B revenues. Looking west, once again our hotels in San Francisco had an excellent quarter with occupancy growth of 3.6% each point, and an increase in average rate of 10.3%, resulting in RevPAR growth of 15.4% in the quarter. This growth is even more impressive when taken into account that this is a comparison to last year's first quarter RevPAR growth of 25.3%. All five of our comparable hotels in San Francisco posted double digit RevPAR growth, benefiting from strong transient and corporate group demand in the market this quarter. Group revenues increased approximately 15% and transient revenues improved 12.1%. Our properties in San Francisco are expected to have strong RevPAR growth for the remainder of 2015 and the city will continue to be a top performing market for us. Our Phoenix assets also had a very strong quarter with an increase in RevPAR of 14.5%, driven entirely by strong ADR growth of 15.8%.  Group revenues increased over 27% for the quarter. Extraordinary demand was created by the Super Bowl, spring break, and baseball spring training allowing hotels to capitalize on the market compression which drove premium rates. We expect our hotels in the Phoenix market to be one of our stronger performers for the year. Our hotels in Asia posted strong results for the quarter with RevPAR growth of 11%, with a significant portion of the growth coming from a rate increase of 9.2%. Our New Zealand and Australian hotels benefited from the demand generated from the Cricket World Cup matches held across several cities of both countries in February and March. The strong events calendar allowed the hotels to yield both transient and group rates. Our markets had outperformed the portfolio in the quarter at Los Angeles, San Diego, Florida and Atlanta with RevPAR increases ranging from 6.3% to 8.3%. Strong transient business and excellent average rate increases drove our performance at the hotels in these markets. In San Diego, strong citywide events created compression and drove growth group and transient rates for the hotels in this market allowing us to outperform. All these markets are expected to continue their strong performance in the second quarter. Although the market conditions were strong in Chicago and Seattle in the first quarter, our portfolio was hampered by continued renovation, which limited our RevPAR increases in these cities to 2.5% and 2.3%, respectively. The good news is that in both markets, although one renovation was completed in the first quarter and we anticipate the remaining project, the Embassy Suites Chicago rooms renovation will be completed in May. As expected, due to increased supply, renovation, and oil issues, RevPAR growth for the first quarter in your New York, DC, Houston, and Canada, was difficult to achieve as all of these markets experienced declines in RevPAR. Our hotels in New York remain challenged because of the tough Super Bowl comparison, ample new supply, winter storms, and a lighter city-wide calendar continue to affect our hotels ability to drive rate this quarter. Our hotels had a rough start with January and February RevPAR down 17.7% and 5.3% respectively. However, the bright spot was that margins results were exceptional with RevPAR growing 7.4%. It should be noted that the first quarter is usually the weakest for New York and weve anticipate that the rest of the year will perform better than the first quarter. And in fact, we are expecting positive RevPAR growth in remaining quarters. We have not yet seen any impact from the strong U.S. dollar to the New York and anticipate that some of our traveler tourists from abroad may be impacted by recent currency changes. Moving to DC, continued renovations and the absorption of the new supply in the market hindered results for the quarter. Three of our larger hotels in the city continued to be under major renovation during the quarter, which was the main reason for DCs 5% decline in RevPAR. We expect the performance of our properties here to improve in the second quarter as the group booking pace is strong and renovations are expected to be completed in the quarter. I should also note that the city-wide are looking strong for 2016 and 2017. DCs best convention center years were in 2005 and 2008. The citys booking pace for 2017 is very close to the peak of 2005 and has surpassed the pace achieved in 2008. In Houston, the continued renovation at our JW Houston and the decline in the energy segment negatively impacted RevPAR this quarter resulting in a decline of 9.7%. While the renovation at the JW Houston was completed in April, the travel declines related to the energy industry, an industry that has commenced with nearly 50,000 layoffs recently, will continue to negatively impact the Houston market for the remainder of 2015. Finally, our two hotels in Canada had a RevPAR decline of 21.7% for the quarter mainly due to the continued extensive renovation at the Calgary Marriott. The room renovations are expected to be completed by the end of June and the meeting space renovations of property is expected to be completed by the end of August. This renovation disruption combined with the declining oil prices translates to continued underperformance for our Canadian asset in comparison to our portfolio for the remainder of the year. Shifting to our European joint venture, our hotels in Europe had a great quarter with RevPAR increase of 4.2% on a constant euro basis. Strong transient business more than offset the softer group business and help drive the RevPAR increase this quarter. With a strong increase coming from transient customers, outlet revenues increased 2.8%, but were offset by banquet and AV revenue declining 3.4% resulting in a total food and beverage revenue decline of 80 basis points. Even with the decline in food and beverage revenue, our hotels in Europe were able to generate a 3.6% increase in food and beverage profit with productivity and cost control initiatives. Our outlook for the European asset remains encouraging as sentiment in the eurozone has turned positive. The economic outlook for the eurozone significantly improved in April from 1.1% to 1.5% driven partially by quantitative easing policies, cheap oil, and a cheap euro. Most notable increases in our economic outlook for the rest of the year were in Spain and Germany with both countries GDP forecast increasing 50 basis points from the prior forecast. We continue to expect that domestic and international demand will improve in Europe with these stronger GDP forecast and the benefit of the cheap euro. Moving to our margins. Our comparable hotel EBITDA margin increased 50 basis points in the first quarter on RevPAR growth of 3.8%. This margin increase would have been 20 basis points higher without the USALI adjustment. We are pleased with the increase be achieved in the first quarter as our hotels attained impressive rooms and food and beverage flow-throughs. More than anticipated rooms, wages, and benefits and changes in cancellation policies contributed to strong rooms flow-through. In the past room reservation could be cancelled up at 6 PM on the date of arrival. Beginning in 2015, certain hotels had changed the policy so that reservations must be cancelled within 24 hours or the guest will be charged for the room for tax. This policy will continue to improve room profit going forward as the hotels have been somewhat lenient in the beginning that will begin enforcing this policy in full force going forward. Other factors such as utilities and property insurance expenses help increase margins this quarter. Utility expense was down 7.7% and part due to energy ROIs completed in 2014 such as the steam to gas conversion at the Sheraton, New York. Property insurance was also down 10.3% in the quarter. Looking forward to the remainder of 2015, we believe that RevPAR growth will continue to mainly be driven by average rate growth, which should lead to solid rooms flow-through. On the other hand, our incentive management fees will continue to increase at a more normalized level and we also anticipate real estate taxes to increase well above inflation as our property values have grown. In addition, as Ed mentioned in his prepared remarks the strength in U.S. dollar is expected to continue to impact our EBITDA for the full year. With this in mind, we continue to expect 2015 comparable hotel EBITDA margins to increase 30 basis points to 60 basis points. As previously mentioned, we estimate that without the USALI adjustment, 2015 margins would be higher by 20 basis points. In summary, we feel good about the industry fundamentals and our results. We are focused on executing our renovation and repositioning plan to deliver long term value for our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Hi good morning guys.
Ed Walter : Good morning.
Greg Larson: Good morning.
Anthony Powell: Ed, thanks a lot for the comments on the renovation and also youve appetite to do more acquisitions that could require some Capex, does your renovation activity imply that you are having more positive view of a lodging cycle then maybe some censuses right now?
Ed Walter : I don't know that Id, I would say, it shouldnt be compared to what other people think, but I think we certainly do have a very positive view on the lodging cycle as I outlined in my comments and feel this certainly is the time to benefit from the investments we're making in the properties that we already own.
Anthony Powell: Thanks. And I guess, also on the change in the investment team, has that changed your target markets for acquisitions or your overall acquisition philosophy for the rest of the cycle? Thank you
Ed Walter : No it doesn't. I think actually the changes that we've made will hopefully allow us to focus even more carefully and thoughtfully on the markets that we are interested in acquiring in, but by splitting up to U.S. between Jim Risoleo who was our Chief Investment Officer previously and now is located out in the West, and then bringing in Nate Carroll, who is the senior leader within the company, who has been an active member of the investment committee and a very strong executive. Putting them in charge of the Eastern half and the Western half of the country, I think will allow us to be even more focused in our investment efforts and Im expecting to see good results out of that change.
Anthony Powell: Just one follow-up, final follow-up on the repurchase of $500 million, how did you come up with the $500 million number was there leverage ratio you were targeting or just what were your thoughts on that number versus maybe a larger number like $1 billion?
Ed Walter : I think in part, I would say that we typically, when we were issuing stock we tended to look to get authorization to do that up to $500 million and I think in terms of buying back stock we felt that $500 million was sort of a good round number. It obviously, if we execute fully on that program there is the opportunity to initiate another one, but a lot of this was tied to our expectations around sale activity.
Anthony Powell: Alright. Good quarter. Thanks a lot.
Ed Walter : Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka: Hi, good morning guys. Wanted to ask you may reference to potentially doing some more brand or manager changes and that kind of thinking to the history of your company, you guys have successfully renegotiated some management contracts overtime. I think youve typically done them kind of in bunches at once. Is there any thought to going back to some of your operators and just revisiting certain things?
Ed Walter: Chris, I would say that we are always looking at opportunities to may be make changes in one property and then acquire benefits in another. Weve done it a couple of times where we done what I would sort of view is very large transaction, both of those with Marriott when we renegotiated our contracts back in 2002 and then again in 2005. I would say what more likely to happen in the near term is something similar to what happened in Calgary, where we agreed to extent the Calgary contract in written for getting flexibility on to other properties one which we subsequently sold. Flexibility that we acquired was the ability to sell that property unencumbered by management. And so, we are always looking at opportunities like that. I think its reasonable to assume that over the course of the next couple of years or couple of more opportunities like that would develop.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. And then just a quick follow-up on the share buyback and I think you just mentioned that it could relate to some future asset sales. To the extent you do that, do you envision that being more of a programmatic buyback or would it kind of be more opportunistic and price based and spread out or maybe come together in a short period of time.
Ed Walter: I would say that given that our basic plan is to fund it primarily through asset sales, I would suggest that it would more likely be spread out. But having said that, consistent with how we both pursued stock buyback programs in the past and stock issuance in the past and a lot of that relates to where the stock price is. So to the extent that the price where to be more attractive than we might  we would accelerate our buying in those circumstances and in situations where it would might increase significantly then we may be out of the market for a period of time. So it will be dictated a bit by the pace of sales and then furthermore  and then offset by to the degree to which sales might be reinvested in other assets, your existing ones or new ones and then ultimately also affected by the stock price.
Chris Woronka: Okay, very good. Thanks, Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Smedes Rose with Citi.
Smedes Rose: Hi, thanks, its Smedes. I also just wanted to ask you on the buyback. It seems like in light of your comments about 2016 and even some early comments about 2017, why wouldnt you want to frontload this now using your line and I am not suggesting you trash the balance sheet or something. But if you feel it fairly confident that you could pay it down pretty quickly with the proceeds from asset sales, why not take advantage of what looks to be really a very compelling discount to NAV particularly in light of what you just threw out as kind of per key value. Could you may be speak to that a little bit?
Ed Walter: Steve, I think the point we are trying to make in our comments is we do feel good about the cycle and we do feel the part of that cycle that we can predict is the supply side, which we can reasonably predict that. And we are not seeing at this point any problems on that side. Having said that I think there is always risks on the demand side, so I think we are comfortable with where we are. We will have flexibility to perhaps do a bit of what you were describing as we move forward, but I think some of that again is tied  I mentioned we are looking at some deals that we want to be thoughtful about how we fund those transactions and would obviously like to see the asset sales occur that [indiscernible] going to use to fund the buyback.  So it doesnt all have to happen sequentially, you dont have to sold the property in order to fund the buyback but you want to have a reasonable expectation that the sales will occur in order to fund the buyback. And of course some of this gets tied to just the availability of those periods of time when you can actually be in the market to buy. So I get your point and I dont disagree with it in total, I just think we  at the same time I dont believe that the Board was comfortable with the notion that we would aggressively frontload that program in anticipation of things that would happen. I think, that alludes - I've seen people do, maybe move aggressively on expectations in the past and the world can change on you and surprise you as a matter of fact.
Smedes Rose: I guess just on that as well, is there any thought to maybe reducing your exposure to international markets, which have proven to be maybe extraordinary relative versus the domestic market?
Ed Walter : There certainly are some international assets that are part of for sale program for this year, so thats something that we are looking at. 
Smedes Rose: All right, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi good morning guys. Maybe just a follow-up on the last question, but very specifically Ed, is there a magnitude of discount to NAV that makes it so attractive that you need to look at buybacks instead of doing an acquisition, is there like a, kind of a, I mean is it 20% or 30% type number that just makes it  that makes that the compelling rational?
Ed Walter : Yeah, I haven't thought about it specifically in terms of a percentage reduction to NAV, but certainly as were looking at other alternatives we are looking at both what's the opportunity with that acquisition versus what do we think the return would be on the stock and to the extent that the stock is a more compelling investment then that's going to see more capital.
Shaun Kelley: Okay, thanks to that. And to switch gears, you know you talked about keeping some fire power for continued M&A and so the question there is, I think in the past you guys have talked about and maybe it was even just last quarter, some potentially larger scale, I think single asset, but probably at larger scale type deal that might be out there, do you still think that larger or bigger assets are available or things we looking at more opportunistic smaller scale and more like some of these independent hotel deals weve seen around this sector recently.
Greg Larson : Were looking at a combination of both. Some are larger single asset possibilities and then we are also looking at a number of the smaller deals that might be out there. So, both of those would potentially be on the play.
Shaun Kelley: And has anything changed from your comments last quarter in terms of just the availability of some of those big assets?
Greg Larson : No I don't know, I wouldn't think that we see a difference in terms of where we were last quarter, maybe one point that you are getting at indirectly is that we - when we talked about the options that we had last quarter, I think we suggested at that stage that we might be in an either or position relative to stock buyback versus investing. And I guess what I would say is as we look forward as we look at what we would be interested in trying to sell this year and have thought about that, the conclusion that we reached is that we probably have the capability to both do new investments and buyback stock, obviously the relative balances of those two will change and will obviously work our way through the year. But we didn't see it as an either/or proposition and so that's why we wanted to go ahead and implement the program at this point in time because our stock price is attractive. We do want to have the ability to be able to purchase it and then we will - the degree to which we execute on one version versus the other will be based upon the relative returns that wed see from each of those alternatives.
Greg Larson : Yes, certainly we can do both of those things, but I would add we could also put out over $600 million in the form of a dividend.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thanks guys. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Well take our next question from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Good morning guys. Following up on renovations, I don't know, I jumped on the call late, Ed as you look at the make-up of your portfolio today do you see a more large-scale renovations for 2016 that are likely to get done?
Ed Walter : Harry, there are a few projects that we are going to start at the end of this year. That will be sizeable renovations of individual hotels that will happen during the beginning of 2016. Lease based upon our current expectation, but overall when we look at the program that we are envisioning for 2016 and compare it to 2015, we expect that the dollar amount that we invest will go down and the impact of those activities next year will be less than what we are feeling this year.
Harry Curtis: By what magnitude, please.
Ed Walter : I dont want to give you a number right now because we are very early in the process on the capital budget. But I think its  Im not talking 5% or 10%, Im talking more than that.
Harry Curtis: Yeah. I mean it is important with respect to return of capital to see that CapEx being to come down and to give investors a sense of what percentage of your assets still need innovation.
Ed Walter: You know, Harry, the one thing to recognize in our sector is youre always in some level of renovation. And I know you know that. A big chunk of the larger investments that we are making this year, it relates to the  really what we call ROI or redevelopment projects and I continue to believe that those are the projects that you also want us to be doing because, as I mentioned in my comments, we think the returns from those investments are in the mid-teens and those are attractive way to both enhance value of the portfolio and enhance the valuable of our cash flow. So that part of what were doing to me is very much value accretive. I think the part that  and I would like to do more of those to the extent that those opportunities such as what we are going to end up doing in Phoenix with the Ritz-Carlton, which present themselves. On the other hand, what weve talked about before in the first quarter, I think we talked about in February and are continuing to highlight is, both Greg and I talked about in our comments is, we did have a number of larger renovation projects to comparable hotels, which certainly had a negative effect on those comparable hotel performances during the course of the first quarter. That CapEx, which deals more with maintaining the portfolio, is accelerated a bit in the beginning of this year because of some contractual negotiations we had whether it was with extending a ground lease or extending a management contract in return for other benefits. That level of capital is what I expect will be declining next year and thats why I believe the level of disruptive will be lower. But we will know more about that as we work our way through the year. Our budget process, were coming up with next years capital program really happens over the course of the summer.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Thanks, Ed. And just a quick question on the importance of scale in the REIT segment. It certainly matters in the C-Corp segment. And do you think for the REITs that the bigger the better? And to that extent, do you expect any consolidation within the lodging REITs this cycle?
Ed Walter: I think there are certain benefits of scale that just relate to either your ability to access the unsecured debt market as the foundation of your portfolio and sort of your ability to perhaps develop in-house capabilities in certain areas. In our instance, I think our ability  our scale forces us to develop a really comprehensive construction team, which I think makes the difference in terms of what we been and when we are pursuing construction project and the like. So I do think there are some benefits to that. On the other hand, I wouldnt say that scale in and of itself, certainly for us at this stage, enhancing that scale is not necessarily a goal. For us, it is about enhancing profitability and share value. In terms of predicting whats going to happen within the sector, I think many of you have commented that there  you could certainly see some logic for some consolidation that hasnt happened in our sector in the past, I think it will be hard to predict, but its necessarily going to happen in the near term.
Greg Larson: Harry, I think the other big benefit as you know from size is just  increase stock liquidity as well.
Harry Curtis: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nikhil Bhalla with FBR.
Nikhil Bhalla: Hi, good morning, Ed, Greg, and Gee. Just a couple of questions here. The first question is for Ed. I think you mentioned early on that the market may be underestimating the positive impact from renovations into 2016 that you might expect. I just want to kind of dig in a little bit into that, specifically, what kind of gives you confidence that going to be the case, is it your pace for 2016, that continues  got stronger than 2015 or just city-wide in your major markets that look a little bit stronger next year than this year, any color? Thank you.
Ed Walter: Yeah, Nikhil, what I was referring to there was that, we  my sense is that the market may be underestimating the benefit that be expected to arrive out of the seven projects that are essentially going on are non-comparable this year because were closing parts of those properties. And as a result of closing parts of those properties, all parts of those properties this year, we are losing about $25 million in EBITDA this year compared to last year. As we  most of those projects with the exception of the San Diego will be coming back online no later than the first quarter 16.  And so as we are in 16 and 17, we would expect to both recapture the $25 million that we are losing in 2014 because they wont be closed anymore and then based on the rationale under which we undertook those projects, we would expect to see another $25 million or so of incremental EBITDA that would flow to the company in 16 and 17 as a result of our successful completion of those projects. So thats what I was talking about as part of my comment. So its not  its inherently the assessment and the underwriting of those individual project takes into account whats going to be happening in those markets.  And so the strength of the convention cycle is San Diego in 16 is one of the benefits that we expect to derive from having our ballroom complete. But I was really referring to those projects as opposed to a blanket statement about how well the portfolio of the industry would perform in 2016.
Greg Larson: Ed, I agree with that but I also would say that we are also experiencing a lot of disruption in our comp portfolio as well. And so for instance, as I mentioned, three of our largest hotels in D.C. were all under renovation in the first quarter. So as those hotels, as those renovations are completed by call it May of this year, then those hotels will start outperforming this year and obviously in 2016 as well. Again, the same thing, I think we mentioned the Calgary Marriott, a lot of disruption going on there. The RevPAR is actually down 42%. That hotel is actually in our com set. So again when that hotel  we will look at that hotel next year, my guess is that RevPAR growth can be substantial.
Nikhil Bhalla: Thats very helpful. Thank you for that. And one other question on asset acquisitions, do you still see some assets in portfolio that you might be interested as the price will rise, both nationally and internationally.
Ed Walter: Yeah, I dont want to necessarily comment on any one company portfolio, but you should assume that we regularly look at whatever the brands are interesting in selling, we have strong relationships with all of the brand. And so we would always be in conversations with them about what options might exist.
Nikhil Bhalla: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Rich Hightower: Hi, good morning everyone. Two questions here. The first is a follow-up to the earlier question on capex for this year. Correct me if I am wrong, I think that the ROI portion of the total capex budget is going up slightly from what was announced last quarter. And if I am correct in saying that, is that an increase to the budget versus what was originally expected or is that just pulling forward some of those other 2016 projects that you mentioned just pulling them forward into this year. And then Ive got one follow-up after that.
Ed Walter: Sure. Yeah, I would say as usual in this area, it tends to be a combination of factors. So as part of some of the redevelopments that we are looking at, we have identified some incremental opportunities that we think will add value including a one I would say a meaningful energy ROI project where well end up producing our own power for our particular hotel which we think will significantly reduce our utility cost. So some of it is an increasing scope, some of it is the fact that as we look at the timing for when were going to be completing some of the improvements, the reality is we are hopeful of being perhaps completing things a little bit earlier and then that result would further dollars allocated for this year to go up a bit.
Rich Hightower: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks. And then my follow-up is just on the guidance largely unchanged from prior. It does sound like FX is getting a little worse than you expected and you said that was offset by cost savings. But in the prepared comments, it did sound like group booking activity and some of the forward numbers that you guys are looking at are getting a little bit better incrementally. So I am just wondering if thats the case, why guidance didnt go up slightly on that alone relative to these other factors.
Ed Walter: I guess what I would say is, first of all, I think youve assessed all that correctly in the sense that we basically are feeling a bit more pain from the current or anticipating that we will feel some more pain on the currency side, which is being offset by the margins. And Id say youre right about what's happening on the group side and we were very encouraged by the strong increase in rooms booked in the first quarter and perhaps even more encouraged by the fact that the rate was up 8%, compared to what we booked last year. So our group booking pace for this year is continuing to look better and better as we work our way through the year.  We certainly hope that that trend continue and I think to the extent that we benefit from that trend continuing that might offer an opportunity for an improvement in our top line estimates, but its really, it was just one quarter and I think we just simply - we are certainly - in a sense we've improved our guidance because we've offset the decline in the currency impact, but it obviously doesn't show up when you look at the aggregate numbers in nominal dollars, but we're feeling good about where the year is headed and hope we continue to feel good.
Rich Hightower: Okay, that's it from me, thank you.
Ed Walter : Right.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Meliker with MLV & Company.
Ryan Meliker: Hi guys most of my questions have been answered though one thing, I was hoping you could give us some color on was back in the third quarter 2013, you guys issued equity via the ATM at around $18.39 [ph] now with the stock $2 higher and essentially trading at the same forward multiple and consensus estimate, you guys have instituted a buyback and I think that's great, I'm just curious how you reconcile those two things? Is it just based on the opportunities you have for investment then versus now or is there something else are you not even concerned about the fact that you wish you clearly had a price $2 below where the stock is trading now in terms of buybacks, just how do you think about that, that's helpful, thanks.
Ed Walter : Ryan I can't necessarily tie that specifically to that particular issuance of stock and I'm not debating your numbers, I'm just simply saying, I don't know that we would necessarily tie specifically to that, but as we approach issuing equity through this last or five years, one is I know that the average multiple that we issued that activity at whereas a couple of terms higher than we always did today, more than a couple of times higher. So, I think we felt very comfortable whenever we were issuing equity previously that we were issuing at a premium to our NAV. I think at this point in time as we look at where our stock sits and having achieved the leverage objective that we have, we tend to view our stock is trading at a discount to that NAV.  So, I think the way, the general way we looked at this is that we've tried to issue stock when its above our NAV, we used that to buy assets, we did not interesting pay down debt, we used that to buy assets as we grew and then at this point in time given where we are we are perhaps a bit  while we would like to continue to buy assets as I indicated in my comments just looking at where the markets are [indiscernible] prices if we were to sell more and so in an environment like that when we think we are buying the stock at less NAV, we think that's a fair trade.
Ryan Meliker: Okay.
Ed Walter : The stock, as the market gets better and as the value of the portfolio improves the stock is going to go up. Im comfortable with any of the stock issuances that we made because as we worked our way through the cycle, we are working more now than when we issued that stock previously, but at this point in time, I think we are not as being as fairly valued as we should be, which creates the opportunity to buy stock back.
Ryan Meliker: Okay, just out of curiosity, I would be curious about your perspective if you talk about trading at a discount to NAV today, but a premium to NAV when you were issuing the equity, do you think that's more driven by the underlying cash flow growth in the assets, or do you think cap rates have compressed in your assets over the past couple of years?
Ed Walter : Probably a combination of both and then we clearly had strong cash flow growth in our portfolio and the cap rates have certainly compressed leading out certain individual markets. I think they did compress from earlier in the cycle. We are at a point in the cycle with now, where I think youd like to see cap rates generally - you are comfortable if they continue to maintain their position, but certainly over the course of the cycle we have seen cap rate compression and we have benefited from that.
Ryan Meliker: All right, thanks for the commentary, as its all from me.
Ed Walter : Thanks.
Operator: And well take our next question from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Thank you, sir. Can you help us think about trajectory of RevPAR growth quarter-by-quarter in 2015. Its been a pre-coming in a lot of lodging earnings call this quarter. I think companies, if they expect U.S. RevPAR growth to continue accelerating through 2015? And then for you specifically, can you just help us think about kind of the renovation impact and also group trends and seasonality in specific markets like New York and how to think about the overall impact. Thank you.
Ed Walter: It sounds what  I think your first part of your question was just to talk about maybe our RevPAR growth as we progress through the year. As you know, we really do not give quarterly guidance. We give full year guidance. Having said that, I think when we look at our quarters for this year, I think the strongest quarter for us should be the fourth quarter.
Greg Larson: And in general, if you look at where our expectations are and our guidance are for the full year, its clear that the first quarter is all that. So we are obviously expecting things to improve as we work our way through the year.
Thomas Allen: Okay, helpful. Sorry...
Ed Walter: And then what was  I think you had some questions about some of the individual markets.
Thomas Allen: No. That was basically what I was trying to get out of it. You obviously have company specific things going on. So it was kind of a two-part question. One, kind of asking what your thoughts on general market U.S. RevPAR growth and if you try  to accelerating in the second part was just idiosyncratic if something happened for your portfolio specifically.
Ed Walter: Yeah. The other thing I would mention Tom is obviously RevPAR is important but margins are important as well if not more important. I would say that clearly when we look at our  we had a great first quarter with an increase in margins of 50 basis points. I think when I think of the second, third, and fourth quarter, the fourth quarter clearly will be the best quarter from a margin growth perspective. So that way, that helps you in modeling the quarters as well.
Thomas Allen: Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up, on the European JV RevPAR was obviously 4%, but you had food and beverage, it was down 1% and we heard some comments about [indiscernible]. Do you think that, that decline in F&B is anything, is it indicative of group trends at all or is it just really one-off things. Thanks.
Ed Walter: Yeah. I would say that group tends to be a little bit lighter in the first quarter and allow European hotels anyway. So I think that that was  I dont know that I would read a lot into that in terms of full year in Europe. I would say about Europe is the best as we could tell is that, we did get some good look from enhanced international travel coming into Europe. And so I think actually its just obviously  just the first part of the year and the summer travel season will be more significant in that respect. But it looked like our visitation from the U.S. was up 6% to 8% in the first quarter compared to last year, but I think thats one of the reasons why we lease to price RevPAR growth in Europe.
Thomas Allen: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi, just to follow on Toms question, on the international travel front, you mentioned earlier that you might see some weakness into some of your gateway cities from Europeans. I think you mentioned that. As we get further in the year, whats the normal booking curve for your international customers meaning are they booking two months in advance, six months in advance, 10 months in advance, so maybe thats why we havent seen that negative implication yet. And the counter is as you just noted, you maybe saw some benefit of Europe for Europe or U.S. to Europe. Is that a shorter booking cycle?
Ed Walter: Yeah. Steve, a lot of that has to do with where the source of the travel. So in other words, the tourists tend to book a bit longer out. I think that individual travel is probably a bit shorter. It hard to put a specific timeframes around that, but I would imagine based on this example as opposed to real data that you and I would both be comfortable with. The individual piece of it is maybe 60 days to 90 days but the tour business tends to be a bit longer. We certainly  we are obviously aware of the changes in the currency and the dollar relative to  especially the euro. And so, weve been interested to see what that was going to do to our business. In terms of best international travels that we see unfortunately ends in December, but I was surprised to see that at least in the month of December, even during a period of time when the euro had already started to fall appreciably compared to the dollar and same I think with the pound too, are two largest countries that send folks to the U.S. and UK. And Germany was actually up in December compared to the prior year, which I thought was a good sign. What we are hearing so far here is that there has not been any real trend of less international travel into our hotels in the gateway market. I think there is a sense on the West Coast that the Asian travellers are really  other than Japan, are continuing to grow at a pretty rapid rate in terms of their visitation to the U.S. Now as you circle back to the East, we do think  we continue to think that there could be some risk in terms of travelling to New York and into Florida. But a gain the feedback that were getting from the hotels so far is they are not seeing a reduction in reservation and so we are going to watch that carefully over the course of the summer.
Steven Kent: Okay. Thank you for that
Operator: And this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back to Ed Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
Ed Walter: Yeah, well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight as to how 2015 is playing out on our second quarter call later this summer. Have a great day.
Operator: And this does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President W. Edward Walter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Gregory J. Larson - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Smedes Rose  Citigroup Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs Richard Hightower  Evercore ISI Anthony Powell  Barclays Capital Management Joe Graff  JP Morgan Shaun Kelley  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Crow  Raymond James & Associates Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Gee Lingberg, Vice President.
Gee Lingberg: Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publically update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on todays call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release, in our 8K filed with the SEC and on our website at www.HostHotels.com. In our efforts to continually improve on our disclosures, we have added an EBITDA by market supplement to our website. You can find this information on our investor relations section of our website under financial information. We hope that this information is valuable in understanding and analyzing our company. Now with me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for 2015. Greg will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter performance by market and discuss our margin results. Following the remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. Now, heres Ed.
W. Edward Walter: As we predicted in October, our fourth quarter results were impacted by a combination of weaker group activity and disruption from renovations. Overall, we were pleased to record another very positive year for our company. Revenue growth was strong and superior cost controls led to another year of excellent margin improvement. In addition, we made significant progress on several value enhancement projects and on our asset sales initiative.  Before we get into the details, lets review our results for the quarter and the year. Adjusted EBITDA was $351 million for the quarter and $1.402 billion for the full year, representing a 7.4% increase over the prior year. Our adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.40 for the fourth quarter and $1.50 for the full year exceeding consensus estimates and reflecting a 14.5% increase over 2013. These results were impacted by several factors.  For the full year, our portfolio achieved a 77% average occupancy allowing our hotels to drive rate increases of nearly 5% resulting in an improvement in comparable hotel RevPAR of 5.7%. For the quarter comparable hotel RevPAR increased 3.2% due entirely to rate growth as occupancy declined by .6 points.  As outlined in our press release, we had a large number of room and meeting space renovations that began in the fourth quarter. These projects reduced our capacity to attract our customary level of corporate group business as well as some of our higher priced transient customers. Overall, we estimate that our renovation activity reduced our quarterly RevPAR by 160 basis points. More specifically, demand in our group segment declined more than 1% in the fourth quarter but was largely offset by a 1% increase in average rate.  As we explained in October, the timing of the Jewish holidays clearly accelerated association business into the third quarter which resulted in the decline in demand from this segment in the fourth quarter. Despite this headwind we were quite pleased with our bookings in the quarter for the quarter which improved by more than 12% with rates up 15%. For the full year group rate was up nearly 3% while demand was up over 2.5% resulting in an increase in group revenues of more than 5.5%.  Looking at our transient business, in the quarter we experienced some weakness from the shift in holiday timing and renovations, but much less of an impact from what we experienced in the group side. Demand decreased by less than 1% but importantly rate increased in all segments leading to an average rate increase of nearly 4% and revenue growth of over 3%. For the full year, our strong group demand allowed us to increase our transient rate by nearly 5%. Combining the rate increase with the slight increase in demand, led to a more than a 5% increase in transient revenues.  Food and beverage revenues increased by .4% for the quarter and 3.8% for the full year. Banquet and AV revenues were up slightly in the fourth quarter but increased more than 5% for the full year, driving better margins in our food and beverage systems for both the quarter and the full year. The initial benefits of our latest round of cost cutting initiatives combined with lower incentive fees due to prior negotiations, resulted in comparable hotel EBITDA margin improvement of 15 basis points for the quarter and 120 basis points for the full year. Now, lets move to our transaction activity. On the disposition front, during the first quarter, we sold the Tampa Marriott Waterside, the Greensboro Highpoint Marriott and the Dayton Marriott for a combined total of $239 million. The latter two transactions were completed by taking advantage of franchise conversion rights we had previously negotiated with Marriott International and the buyers have committed to significant capital improvement as part of the management transition. For the year, we completed more than $515 million in dispositions. These transactions further reduced our exposure to non-target markets and to lower RevPAR hotels. We have one additional smaller asset under contract with an anticipated Q1 closing which has been included in our guidance for 2015.  On the development front in the fourth quarter we opened 149 room Novotel and the 256 room ibis Rio de Janeiro Parque Olimpico in Barra de Tijuca, both managed by Accor. The total investment in this project is $65 million. We expect to be active on both the acquisition and disposition front as we look to increase our investments in target markets and remain focused on reducing our exposure to non-core markets and hotels located in suburban locations or secondary markets. While we have active pipelines for both sales and acquisitions given the difficulty in predicting the timing of completing these transactions, our guidance does not assume the benefit of any additional dispositions or acquisitions.  As we highlighted at our investor day last spring, we continue to look for ways to extract value from our assets in various and creative ways including the development of underutilized space in hotels, [indiscernible] excess land, rebranding or repositioning, or by restructuring management agreements and ground leases. With an acquisition market that is growing increasingly competitive, these types of value add projects will allow us to continue to provide strong returns for the company.  In 2014 we completed two notable value enhancement projects in the fourth quarter. First, in December we completed the development of the 131 Hyatt Kaanapali Beach, a Hyatt resident club resort adjacent to our Hyatt Regency Maui Resort in [Baja]. We recognized EBITDA of $7 million for the full year from this project. The second project was at our New York Marriott Marquis Times Square Hotel as part of the redevelopment and lease of the retail space to Vornado Realty Trust, the new 25,000 square foot eight story high definition digital boulevard was activated in November. The redevelopment of the entire retail space is expected to be completed late this year. For 2015, we plan to increase the pace and volume of these value enhancement projects to put us in a position to better drive long term outperformance in 2016 and 2017. These projects include properties where we will be completing a rebranding or transformational renovation that will reestablish the property in its marketplace and provide meaningful increases to the hotels profitability going forward.  The first example of this is The Axiom Hotel in San Francisco which will be managed by Kokua, an operator we have previously retained for our Hyatt Place in Waikiki. As you know, we acquired the former Powell Street Hotel early in 2014. We closed the property on January 2nd to complete a transformational $30 million plus repositioning that will touch every corner of the hotel. We anticipate that the asset will reopen later this fall.  We are also very excited about our plans for the Four Seasons Philadelphia which will reposition the hotel as a contemporary independent luxury hotel in a vibrant part of the city. We have retained Sage Hospitality as the manager and intend to use their F&B expertise to completely transform their current offerings to better attract our guest and local customers alike. In addition to creating a luxurious rooftop lounge we are adding a high end coffee bar, and under taking a complete gut renovation of the spa and fitness center. We estimate the total project will cost $28 million to $30 million and we plan to shut the whole property down in June for the renovation and reopen at the end of 2015. In addition to these two projects, we are currently working on similar plans for a third hotel and hope to announce this exciting project later this spring.  Another major project is the development of the $106 million new Marriott Hall Ballroom and Exhibit Space at our Marriott Marquis San Diego Marina Hotel. Demolition of the existing Marriott Hall commenced in the fourth quarter and the new expanded meeting platform is expected to be completed in June of 2016. This state of the art meeting space will benefit not only the Marquis property but also our neighboring Manchester Grand Hyatt, as those properties will be able to drive group business through the utilization of this fantastic new meeting space. Finally, at the Denver Marriott Tech Center, we have converted the asset to a Marriott franchise with Sage Hotels to implement a transformational renovation which will include creating an executive level tower that will house our new concierge lounge and fitness center and the other tower we are combining rooms and reducing the room count to allow us to attract both family weekend business as well as extended stay customers. In addition, we will be upgrading the meeting space, F&B offerings, and creating a new lobby. The renovation is expected to begin in November and will cost $60 million plus. We continue to be optimistic about fundamentals in our industry as we expect overall supply to fall short of long term averages for at least the next two years. Expected continued growth in the economy, strong capital investments, and growth in domestic travel should lead to revenue growth that comfortably exceeds inflation at a long term industry averages. The results should be improved asset and company valuations in our industry.  Our outlook recognizes the following factors. Given that we finished the year with occupancy at 77%, our highest since 2000, we expect that the great majority of our RevPAR growth in 2015 will come from rate increases. Our maintenance capital expenditures, which are projected to increase approximately 5% to $330 million to $350 million, will have a more disproportionate business interruption impact than normal, because the renovations often include extensive bath and shower conversions which are more time consuming, and we are enhancing several lobbies.  A significant portion of the business impact will be felt in our group business as meeting space and lobby renovations discourage group bookings. Despite this concern, overall group bookings for the year are up modestly with the first half of the year looking quite solid. Recognizing the inherent strength in transient demand, our focus over the last six months has been on pushing rate in our group business and our advanced bookings over that period reflect the nearly 7% increase in rate.  While we view the overall supply picture as favorable, two of our key markets DC and New York, are experiencing elevated levels of supply and in the case of New York, face significant year-over-year headwinds. As a result, these markets, which represent 27% of our revenues, our expected to underperform in 2015. With all of these factors in mind, we are expecting comparable hotel RevPAR for our portfolio to increase 4.5% to 5.5% in constant currency with our domestic portfolio to increase $475 to $575.  Four our international portfolio, primarily because of the extremely difficult comps JW Marriott Rio faces in the year after Worlds Cup, we are projecting RevPAR on a constant currency basis to be flat to up 2%. This RevPAR growth when combined with our [indiscernible] impacted margin increases of 20 to 50 basis points, will result in adjusted EBITDA of $1.420 billion to $1.550 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.52 to $1.55.  I should note the following when comparing our 2015 adjusted EBITDA estimates to last years results. First, because our dispositions significantly exceeded our acquisitions in 2014, the overall net reduction in EBITDA compared to last year from investment activities is roughly $20 million. Secondly, while we expect meaningful long term benefits from the brand conversions and major capital investments we are implementing in 2015, our seven non-comp hotels are expected to experience a net reduction in EBITDA of $25 million compared to last year as a result of the closing of all or a portion of the hotel. Finally, while only 8% of our portfolio EBITDA is generated from international properties, the significant appreciation of the dollar is currently projected to reduce the nominal value of our international EBITDA by roughly $17 million.  In summary, I am pleased to say that the lodging industry continues to be strong through the continued demand that exceeds low supply growth in most markets. Given the positive industry outlook and underlying economic fundamentals, we believe this cycle will continue to be strong throughout 2015. The capital we are investing in our hotels ensure that our portfolio is in excellent condition and has the opportunity to achieve strong NOI growth. Our industry leading balance sheet is only getting stronger, our cost of capital remains attractive. Thank you and let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Gregory J. Larson: Our hotels in the west continue to lead the portfolio in RevPAR growth. Excellent results from our properties in Hawaii, San Francisco, Florida, and Phoenix were offset by weaker results at our urban New York, DC, and Boston hotels. One thing to note, our urban assets, especially those in New York, are operating at very high occupancies and as such RevPAR growth has been limited to increases in average rates. With the abundant supply in New York, the growth in average rate has flowed and the flat room revenues at our hotels in New York impacted our portfolio RevPAR growth by 100 basis points in the quarter. In addition, as discussed during our third quarter call, a larger share of the renovations for 2014 occurred in the fourth quarter and the impact of those reservations have been greater than anticipated. While these capital improvements strengthen and create long term value in the portfolio, the negatively impacted the fourth quarter RevPAR growth results by approximately 160 basis points. Many of the disruptive renovations will continue into 2015 and will adversely impact our short term results.  Let me now provide some commentary around our markets. We posted very strong results at our Hawaiian hotels as the Hyatt Regency Maui strategically reduced group volumes as well as higher rate transient room nights [indiscernible] our owners. This contributed to an increase in occupancy of three percentage points and growth of ADR of 10.5% resulting in impressive RevPAR growth of 15%.  Our hotels in San Francisco grew occupancy 2.3 percentage points and grew average rate 8.5% resulting in RevPAR growth of 12% in the quarter. All five of our comparable hotels in San Francisco posted double digit RevPAR growth benefitting from the strong group demand in the market this quarter. Corporate group ADR increased 14% and transient ADR improved 10.4%. Our properties in San Francisco for the full year, grew RevPAR by an impressive 15%. Our Phoenix assets also had a strong quarter with an increase in RevPAR of 8.8% driven by strong group business that also led to robust food and beverage growth of 23%. In Florida, our hotels also outperformed our portfolio in the quarter by significant margin with RevPAR growth of 9.4%, primarily driven by a substantial transient rate increase of approximately 10%. We believe our Florida assets are poised for another strong year in 2015 as the group revenue pace is up over 9% in 2015.  As expected, RevPAR growth for the fourth quarter in New York, DC, Boston, Houston, San Diego, and Canada was challenged. The challenges arose primarily as a result of disruptive room, meeting, and public space renovations that were ongoing during the quarter at many of the hotels in these markets which negatively impacted RevPAR growth. New York and DC were impacted by supply increases that limited rate growth in those markets. However, it is important to note that even with New Yorks challenging supply environment, our hotels grew market share by 1%. In the first quarter of 2015, in addition to the continued impact of supply, the disruption to travel caused by severe snowstorms in the Northeast region will also impact RevPAR growth in New York. Further, we have difficult year-over-year comparisons in the first quarter as our hotels in New York strategically took on group business during the Super Bowl last year with both our hotels in Times Square serving as the headquarters for the media and the NFL. All these actors will combine to negatively impact 2015 first quarter results. In addition to the supply challenges, our hotels in DC had a disproportionate amount of disruptive capital expenditures in the quarter, limiting RevPAR growth. The JW Marriott was under rooms renovations and the Grand Hyatt was under meeting space renovations in the quarter which negatively impacted overall results for our hotels in the DC market. These renovations will continue into 2015 further impacted the operations of these hotels or the next couple of quarters. Boston, while not impacted by renovations this quarter, had less city wise at the Heinz Convention Center and difficult comparisons due to the World Series last year. For the first quarter 2015, the record breaking snowfall in Boston will negatively impact results. Houston and Calgary were impacted by falling oil prices in addition to the disruptive renovations at the JW Houston, Houston Airport, and Calgary Marriott hotels. The negative impact from renovations at these hotels and the falling oil prices will continue into 2015.  The 2.2% fourth quarter RevPAR growth for San Diego was primarily impacted by renovations at two large hotels in San Diego. Group business was negatively impacted by the meeting space renovation at the Manchester Grand Hyatt and the start of the Marriott Hall construction at the Marriott Marquis San Diego Marina. The construction of the Marriott Hall will be completed in mid-2016. The meeting space renovations at the Manchester Grand Hyatt have been completed and the hotel will benefit from those renovations in 2015. It is encouraging to see a 6.5% increase in our San Diego hotels 2015 group revenue [indiscernible].  Shifting to our European joint venture, our hotels in Amsterdam, Brussels, Nurnberg, and Milan had excellent RevPAR growth ranging from 8% to 15% in the fourth quarter. This strength was partially offset by weakness in many of our hotels in the other European markets resulting in a 2.9% increase in the European joint ventures comparable hotel RevPAR. Food and beverage revenues increased .8% which led to a total revenue increase of 1.7%. Even with a total revenue growth of only 1.7% for the quarter, with good cost control measures these hotels grew EBITDA by 5%.  Looking to 2015, lodging fundamentals in our domestic hotel market with the exception of New York, DC, and Houston, will continue to be strong in 2015. We expect all but these markets to have strong year of RevPAR growth that will meet or exceed the midpoint of our domestic RevPAR guidance for 2015. On the other hand, our own international properties will perform below our domestic portfolio primarily due to the expected significant decline in RevPAR at our JW Marriott Rio which is a result of the extremely difficult comp from last years World Cup.  In addition, on a nominal currency basis, the strengthening US dollar will have a significant negative currency impact on our international properties affecting RevPAR as well as EBITDA generated from these hotels. For the hotels in the European joint venture with the continued economic challenges in many of the European countries, we expect comparable portfolio RevPAR to lag US RevPAR growth, however, the six month long international art exhibition returns to benefit this year and Milan is scheduled to host the Worlds Cup which is also a six month event in the city. These two large events will drive outperformance at our hotels in Venice and Milan in 2015. Moving our margin our comparable hotel EBITDA margins increased 15 basis points in the fourth quarter on RevPAR growth of 3.2%. Lower RevPAR growth in the fourth quarter slowed the strong margin expansion we still had on the third quarter. In addition, $4 million of severance costs associated with the Four Seasons Philadelphia and San Francisco Marriott Marquis further impacted margins by 35 basis points in the fourth quarter. On a full year basis, margins expanded a strong 120 basis points. During 2014, we were able to drive this increase through initiatives such as renegotiation of several management agreements. As a result, incentive management fees for 2014 decreased 4.1%. We renew our insurance each year and in 2015 we were able to decrease our insurance costs by 6%.  The cost savings realized from time and motion studies and deep dives conducted at various properties contributed to excellent rooms and food and beverage flow through of 76% and 48% respectively. We continue to expect that these third-party time and motion studies as well as the company initiated deep dives will continue to help improve our margins going forward.  Looking to 2025, we believe RevPAR growth will primarily be driven by average rate growth which should lead to solid rooms flow through. However, certain savings realized in 2014 will likely be difficult to replicate in 2015. Our incentive management fees will increase at a more normalized level and real estate taxes are projected to increase well above inflation as hotel values have grown. As I mentioned previously, we also expect the strengthening US dollar to impact our EBITDA for the year. With this in mind, we expect 2015 comparable hotel EBITDA margins to increase 20 to 50 basis points which equates to 40 to 70 basis points without the USALI adjustment mentioned in our press release.  As a reminder, our operators adoption of the updated Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry, USALI, affects the comparability of our results. These changes include declassification of items such as service charges which will now be included in both food and beverage revenues and expenses in addition to certain other reclassification. Accordingly, the adoption of USALI will negatively impact RevPAR growth by 10 basis points while food and beverage revenue will be positively impacted by 250 basis points. EBITDA margin will be negatively impacted by 20 basis points while growth in total EBITDA is unaffected.  With regard to dividend, we paid a regular quarterly dividend of $0.20 per share and a special dividend of $0.06 per share for the fourth quarter. Our total dividend for the year was $0.75 per share which represented a 63% increase over 2013. Today, we announced that our first quarter common dividend will be $0.20 per share given our strong extended operating outlook and significant amount of free cash flow we are committed to sustaining this meaningful dividend.  In summary, we expect overall lodging fundamentals to continue to be favorable in 2015. Having said that, our portfolio in 2015 will face a short term negative impact as we work to improve our properties through renovation and take advantage of other value creating opportunities. We believe these efforts will continue to create long term value for our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks, we are now interested in answering questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Smedes Rose  Citigroup.
Smedes Rose: I wanted to ask just a little bit around the renovations having kind of an outsized impact for this year. When you think about that and the timing around renovations are they market dependent so the asset is just considered on its own and you need to do what you need to do, or can you look kind of holistically across the portfolio and maybe mitigate the impact better? Im just kind of curious how you think about that? It just seems you have a lot going on this year and Im just kind of wondering how you came about the timing on that?
W. Edward Walter: I think it sort of breaks into two categories. The first is where the redevelopment, the conversions of properties such as what were doing in San Francisco and what we intend to do at the Philadelphia Four Seasons and hopefully with a couple of other hotels, with those I think it really  we see such an opportunity to improve the cash flow from those assets that the timing simply was driven as much from the acquisition or in the case of the Marriott Hall it was when we were able to get the approvals to start the ballroom. In the case of Philadelphia it was both resolving contractual issues with the Four Seasons originally and then ultimately having the opportunity to have flexibility to change the brand and change the hotel. I think in those cases to some degree I look at those similar to an acquisition that the timing was right, the opportunity was great, and so we moved forward with those as expeditiously as possible. We do take into account with those  we try to look at whats the best timing in the year to commence the renovations. One of the reasons why  the timing in Philadelphia is to close in June is to take advantage of the spring season including the May wedding season and then we will roll into the renovation with the goal being done for the fall.  In the case of the San Diego ballroom, weve actually had the approval to build that ballroom for quite some time now but we made a conscious decision to really plan far out in advance for when we would demolish the original ballroom and start to build the new one to give the hotel the ability to plan as much as possible around that timing and most importantly, from our perspective, to complete the renovations to the Hyatt meeting space next door so we were in a position where if we had in effect surplus rooms at the Marriott that they could take advantage of some of the meeting space that the Hyatt and have the two properties work together.  With respect to the overall large cap ex hit that we generally described, I think some of that is a little bit its just this is the right time for each of those assets to pursue those renovations. You heard a lot of them start in the fourth quarter carry into the first quarter, thats all about trying to do these renovations at the point in time where they will least affect business. But the good news about our portfolio and our business right now is were 77% occupancy on a full year basis. The bad news is when youre that full unfortunately any kind of renovation work that youre going to do is going to hurt you because youre business is that strong. We were aggressive back in 10 and 11 about accelerating renovations at a point in time when we thought they would be less impactful from a business interruption standpoint and so youll remember we talked about increasing our spending then. Were trying to be as thoughtful as we can about whats happening right now. It is the right time to do these things, but unfortunately we are paying a price in terms of business interruption.
Gregory J. Larson: The only thing I would add is were also fortunate enough, we have a tremendous amount of work going on both in Houston and Calgary and both of those markets were going to be fairly weak in 2015 so were fortunate on that front. 
Smedes Rose: Then just as you look at the potential sale candidates, are you able to negotiate these franchise conversion rights or is that kind of played out now? It seems that that makes the properties easier to sell?
W. Edward Walter: It certainly does and weve referenced the fact that we have probably about 40% of our portfolio by number has some sort of contract flexibility. The bulk of that flexibility exists in assets that we have would generally be on, not necessarily specifically on sale lists today, but certainly covers most of the assets that we are targeting for sale. We have a lot more opportunity on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: A couple of questions from the results, first just the strategic nature of New York City, and even DC for that matter, I get it from a long term perspective but the supply issues arent going to go away and theyre actually going to accelerate so is this a onetime event, or should we look at this as this could be pulling you down for a couple of years? Then, staying with that theme, have you started to see any impact of fx on visitation into DC or New York City, especially amongst the international leisure traveler?
W. Edward Walter: Let me answer the second question first. We are certainly concerned about the impact of the stronger dollar on international travel. Clearly, international travel has been a driver in what we view as stronger than anticipated demand growth over the course of this cycle so that I think that is something to be watching. So far, we have not seen an impact from that in New York. Some of that I would say we consciously sought out international business because we were trying to replace the hole that existed at those hotels from having had had the Super Bowl there the prior year, knowing that that was not going to repeat and there was also, Im not remembering which one it was, but there was a fairly large group event too that was in town in January or early February of last year that also was not repeating. So, we had sought out additional international business and we were able to get that extra international business primarily through foreign travel. What were hearing so far from the properties is that their international business has continued to be maintained strong. I think well have to watch that as the year progresses because a lot of these sorts of international trips are planned way in advance so well have to see if that situation remains the same as we work our way into the spring. DC is frankly, less affected by international travel. Were actually part of a group in DC thats working to try to encourage incremental travel to DC from international locations and so I dont think weve noticed anything in Washington that would suggest that had softened at all.  With respect to the two markets, youre right the supply especially, in New York, I dont know that were worried in the next two years about supply in DC, but supply in New York continues to be strong. It has continued to generate good demand growth. Obviously, we talked a little bit about it already on the international side and the market has generally absorbed the new supply, but where the problems have come about is we havent been able to drive rate. Looking at the numbers, Id have to say that looking at the next couple of years I do think thats going to continue to be a challenge in New York. I think New York from a capital perspective though continues to rank very highly as a place for both domestic and international investors to invest and so that has allowed cap rates in New York to remain low and we frankly dont see that that situation is likely to change in the near term. So the value of the assets feel good to us but we would certainly like to see additional growth there. DC on the other hand, I think DCs strength this year will be more dictated probably in the short term, by how active the calendar is on the Hill and whether or not theres a fair amount of legislative and lobbying activity. As we get into next year the conventions business in DC finally starts to improve in a material way. We would be expecting better results in 2016 from DC. 
Gregory J. Larson: I think the only thing I would add and you probably know this as well, DC was actually a really strong market in the fourth quarter with RevPAR for the industry up over 8%. Unfortunately for us, because we have two very large hotels in renovation, our RevPAR growth was only 2.5%. But, I agree with Ed, when you look at the future of group bookings pace in 16, 17, and beyond it looks pretty exciting and as Ed said, supply growth in DC remains at 2% or below for the next couple of years so we do feel pretty good about DC especially once our hotels are fully renovated.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Just one separate note and aside, Im intrigued by the move, the changing of the Four Seasons in Philadelphia, and I know you announced it a couple of months ago, but could you see yourself doing more and more of that or was this just a one off? Im just intrigued by how youre thinking about the portfolio and brand affiliation versus non-brand affiliation.
W. Edward Walter: I think you should assume that were going to try to do more of these types of projects. The one that we referenced that is premature to announce would be somewhat similar in approach and I think as we look at how we would like to invest we would look at both opportunities in the portfolio where we have flexibility to convert to this type of approach, or certainly to acquire new assets that are either independent or soft branded already, or have the potential to be that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Hightower  Evercore ISI.
Richard Hightower: A couple of questions here. The first one is a follow up on New York, I think a lot of the REITs this quarter and previous quarters have kind of made the same point, the fundamentals are opportunely going to underperform but cap rates continue to fall in the market yet no one seems to be interested in selling anything and Im wondering if you guys have an opinion on that? Then my second question is in the release I think you mentioned some incentive fee changes in a handful of contracts and also some ground lease renegotiations that helped EBITDA. Im wondering if you can quantify maybe what the potential opportunities in the rest of the portfolio are on that front?
W. Edward Walter: As it relates to New York Id say we certainly each year go through the portfolio and think about what the best strategy is for each individual asset and we certainly doing that on an ongoing basis, looking at our assets in New York to determine if now would be a good time to sell them. The number of cases in our New York assets, we have different elements of them that were working on where we think we can enhance value. There also are some things happening within the city with respect to rezoning opportunities which can potentially be beneficially value to the hotels too.  I think we like the exposure that we have in New York although we obviously wish that the performance was a little bit stronger. As I said, we are comfortable on the valuation side. I wouldnt say that were necessarily looking at those values saying, Now, is the right time to sell those assets, but thats an ongoing conversation within the company and well continue to look at that opportunity.  As it relates to the management fee side, I would say that we were able to, on several assets, negotiate as part of broader considerations whether it was extension of an agreement, whether it was part of a capital plan, and a desire on the part of the operator to have us invest and on our part to invest more in the asset or other circumstances to meaningful reduce our incentive management fees in 2014. Now, as we go through 2015 we still retain the benefit of those negotiations. Weve effectively reset our incentive management fees at a lower level as a result of those negotiations.  Well get the benefit of that in 15 but in 15 we are returning to a more normal growth rate and incentive management fees based on the growth rate in EBITDA in the hotels. I would say that there are probably going to be opportunities to do this. I dont know that I can see on any the horizon immediately but part of the benefit of having a broad portfolio and broad relationships with operators is that overtime these sorts of opportunities present themselves and when were there we try to take advantage of them.
Gregory J. Larson: We did mention a couple of ground leases that weve been working on and were working on several others as well, but what we really did is one ground lease we extended by 30 years so thatll just make it much easier to sell that asset one day, when we elect to do that. Then on another ground lease we actually fired the lease and so again, that will make it much easier for us to sell that asset going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Powell  Barclays Capital Management.
Anthony Powell: Just watching on the timing of the renovations given some of the positive views that weve heard from you and others on the [indiscernible] cycle for this year and 16, why not maybe wait on some of these renovations and take advantage of the overall positive environment that were seeing right now?
W. Edward Walter: I think thats a fair question and to be honest, we are doing that with some hotels. As were thinking through the capital plan for hotels, were going to be thoughtful about which of the renovations it makes sense to do now and which of the renovations that we should try to postpone. To some degree, the existing condition of the hotel drives part of that answer. If we feel that we are not benefitting fully from the market in our current condition, given the fact that we remain confident about the outlook for the lodging cycle for the next two years, this isnt sort of the decision where youre sitting here saying, Well, dont do it in 15 because you can do it in 16 or do it in 17, because were not looking at the outlook thinking that theres going to be some drop off in that time period. The postponement decision is more than just a year or so. In some cases too, like with what were doing in Washington, the reality is that we knew group bookings were not as strong in 15 as they were going to be in 16 so this was the right time to go ahead and do the room renovations at the JW Marriott and to tear up the lobby and transform the lobby at the Grand Hyatt. It is going to hurt us, it hurt us in the fourth quarter, it will hurt us in the first quarter, but as we get into the second half of this year and as we get into next year in DC, were going to have fully renovated hotels that are going to be, I think, doing quite well in what will be a stronger market. 
Anthony Powell: Kind of along the same lines you seem to be changing a lot of the management contracts into third-party, youre going more independent, do you mean to do that on a larger scale across your portfolio and if so, what kind of long term cap ex spend do you believe will be associated with that?
W. Edward Walter: I would say we are going to continue to look at opportunities to switch from  what were trying to do across the board here is match the right operator and the right brand with the right hotel. So, with large hotels we continue to be comfortable that the major brand operators are the best solutions for those type of hotels. They have the best marketing platform, the best sales platform to drive large groups into our larger hotels.  As we look at some of our smaller hotels were not always convinced that theyre the best solution and so thats why in Denver we made the solution to convert to a Marriott franchise and brought in Sage Hospitality which is a very strong operator based in Denver, knows the market extremely well to run that hotel. We have some flexibility through the portfolio to take similar type steps. I wouldnt say that were talking about dozens of opportunities like that, but we have, I would say, its probably somewhere in the five to 10 hotel opportunities to do things like this in the next three to five years. Well continue to look at those opportunities as to whether or not thats the best solution for that individual hotel. Depending upon what we chose to do in connection with that conversion, there may be a renovation thats timed with that. In some cases the renovation is a good way to sort of announce the arrival of a new operator and new approach to the hotel. But I dont know that in the grand scheme of things thats going to radically cause a big change in our overall cap ex program.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley: I just wanted to ask for the Hawaiian timeshare development which you guys called out as contributing around $7 million, if I caught it correctly, for 2014. Do you have a general estimate of whats kind of built into your guidance or a range of whats built into the guidance for 2015 that you could share with us?
Gregory J. Larson: Just over $12 million.
Shaun Kelley: Whats the general life cycle here? How long would that project last for sellout? Is it a couple of years or is it going to be more front end loaded?
Gregory J. Larson: I think its going to be right around four years for us. Its going to depend on obviously, the pace of sales but I think right around four years for us.
Shaun Kelley: Then my other questions would be obviously, New York and DC have sort of dominated the discussions but you guys also called out Houston and Calgary given some of the oil exposures. Could you give us just a little bit of a sense of A) how much earnings contribution or revenue contribution youre getting to be from what you consider oil sensitive markets and B) just what youre seeing in behavior in some of those hotels, bookings, cancellations, are you seeing outsized moves at this point or would you say that its just a little bit lackluster and people are more in wait and see?
W. Edward Walter: I dont know that right off the top of our head we have a Calgary or Houston number although, intriguingly the additional disclosures we provided will give you some insight into that. I think its probably about 4% to 5% would probably be roughly what we get from there. We have seen in those markets some general weakness, but Ive got to be honest, with the level of capital that weve been  the fact that weve had room renovations going on at those hotels and both of those room renovations have involved bathroom renovations, which as I described in my comments, are just more impactful and more time consuming, the bulk of what we have seen in terms of weak operating results we are attributing to the renovation disruption. 
Gregory J. Larson: I agree. In Houston for fourth quarter for the industry RevPAR was up over 8.5% and our Houston properties had a decline over 5% because of the disruption that Ed mentioned. 
W. Edward Walter: I think the sense that we have from talking to the GMs there is that there is  it has gotten weaker, there is some reduction in corporate level activity. It doesnt feel like the bottom is dropping out of the market by any means, but Houston has had an incredible run over the last four or five years. Its really been one of our strongest markets in terms of performance. It will not be one of those this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Crow  Raymond James & Associates.
Bill Crow: If I go back to your analyst investor day I think you talked about the conundrum of getting net debt to EBITDA down to like 1.5 turns by mid 16 and $700 million of free cash flow before the dividend if those numbers are in the ballpark and here we are, weve gone through another year and the 800 pound gorilla has sat out the dance again from an acquisition perspective and that seems to be a pretty consistent theme throughout this cycle relative to your size and the size of your peers and we havent heard anything about repurchasing the stock. Youre down 6%, 7% year-to-date, worse performer in the group today of course, and Im just wondering what your thought process is from the allocation of capital perspective and returning capital to shareholders?
W. Edward Walter: Well, thats a great question. I think I would say the net debt to EBITDA number that you quoted is where things would happen were we not to do anything because certainly our net debt to EBITDA is nowhere near that level right now, I think its more around 2.5 times which is a level that were certainly very comfortable at. As youve seen us do, weve increased the dividend pretty materially over the course of 2014. As we generate cash flow from operations, as we generate cash from sales, Id say I think our answer to this is going to be consistent to what we said in the past which is the first thing wed like to do is invest that either in our existing assets, as you can tell from everything weve talked about today whether in our comments or our press release, theres a fair amount of that happening already.  Were putting a lot of capital to work and were putting it to work in areas that we think will frankly drive better performance than what we would expect to get out of an acquisition. But in addition to doing those types of investments, we would like to acquire additional assets. You could say weve sat out the dance and I would say to some degree were trying to be thoughtful about underwriting and recognize that cycles do come to an end and take that into account in our underwriting and I think some of the folks that were competing with may have a slightly different perspective about how to approach that.  The bottom line is that we certainly feel good about our overall portfolio and are only looking for opportunities to enhance it as opposed to being worried about just getting bigger. As we generate those extra proceeds from sales and/or from operations Id say first of all we would look to enhance the dividend in part because the dividend will probably, if it comes from sales will be generating incremental taxable income from those sales which [indiscernible] some incremental distributions and thats part of the reason why we had to do the special dividend as part of our most recent distribution, is because we did have taxable income that had to be distributed. Buying back stock is something that is clearly something were looking at. I think we have a few things that we have in the pipeline right now that we would like to see how they play out, but we are certainly open to buying back stocks. Weve done it in the past and [indiscernible] a more productive use of the capital then we would intend to return it one way or the other. I think then the issue there just becomes trying to understand what might generate the best long term return to the shareholders, whether its through a dividend or whether its through buying back the stock.
Gregory J. Larson: Or, really a combination of both a strong dividend and buying back the stock.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis  Nomura Securities.
Harry Curtis: Can you talk about or give a little bit more color on when you believe that your current renovation program will result in stabilized EBITDA going forward? Is it the end of 2015, is it the middle of 16, and what are the odds that you do, at that point, begin to layer in other renovation projects?
W. Edward Walter: I guess as we look at the major renovations that we were talking about, the ones that really are causing the $25 million worth of disruption, with the exception of the San Diego ballroom, I think most of those projects are going to be completed at some point this year. In general, I would be expecting that the loss in EBITDA that were experiencing in 15 will be restored in 16 by virtue of the fact that those properties will be open and operating.  Over the course of 16 and into early 17, we would expect to see meaningful EBITDA enhancements from all the investments that weve made that would then start to kick in and wed start to get the benefit out of the investment activity that weve had. Without putting too fine number on it, if were going to suffer $25 million of displacement this year, we would expect to make that up and our outlook for 16 and 17 is we recruit at least that incremental.
Harry Curtis: Then the follow up is, in the fourth quarter with New York City occupancy at roughly 88%, what is it that your managers are nervous about when driving rate more aggressively? It would seem that despite the capacity growth at 88% occupancy one would think there would be a greater opportunity to push rate?
W. Edward Walter: I would agree with you, it would seem that the level  I think some of the  our world has gotten a little bit more transparent in terms of pricing over the last decade and the reality is that because the New York market  a sizeable component of it is driven by leisure, people are quick to price compare. So, what weve been finding is that when properties try to push rate, they have to be very thoughtful and sort of tactical about how to do that. At times of the week, at times of the month we are able to drive month but youll find that people do move as they start to see rates push beyond certain levels and our worlds gotten easier for people to do that to be honest.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Allen  Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Can you help us with color on what your EBITDA exposure was to each of your major markets in 2014?
W. Edward Walter: I dont have that information right in front of me, but thats exactly what our new disclosure is designed to provide you so if you go to the website youll be able to get a pretty good insight into that.
Thomas Allen: Then just on your Hawaii business, you highlighted it was strong in the fourth quarter, it seems like thats getting the benefit of the rooms that were converted into timeshare, but were getting mixed messages from companies on the potential strength of Hawaii in 2015 just given everything thats going on with the weakening yen and that market being driven by Japanese customers. Can you just help us how to think about that market?
W. Edward Walter: I think youre right that thats one of those markets that is susceptible to challenges based upon the strength in currency. I think in our Waikiki asset we have seen some signs there that Japanese travel has not been perhaps as strong as it has been in the past. Having said that, our outlook for Hawaii this year is right down the middle in the portfolio in terms of RevPAR growth. I think where were being helped is Maui is more US focused than internationally focused. Our booking pace at our hotels is up very strongly in 15 and also is up quite strong in 16. Id say that Waikiki and Oahu is probably a little bit more exposed to some of the challenges from international travel, but Maui is looking quite strong this year.
Gregory J. Larson: Youre correct, fourth quarter was extremely strong for us in Hawaii with RevPAR up almost 15%, but youre also right about 2015 that when we look at Hawaii I think it will be a good year but it wont be that strong. I think RevPAR growth in Hawaii next year will be right within our domestic overall portfolio.
Operator: That concludes todays question and answer session. Mr. Walter, at this time I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our year end results and outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in the spring to discuss our fourth quarter results and to provide more insight into how 2015 is playing out. Thanks everybody.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - IR W. Edward Walter - President and CEO Greg Larson - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Kevin Barron - Citigroup Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Rich Hightower - ISI Group Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Joe Greff - JPMorgan Anthony Powell - Barclays Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets
Gee Lingberg: Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results and then will describe our current operating environment, as well as the Company's outlook for 2014. Greg will then provide greater detail on our third quarter performance by markets. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to report another quarter of outstanding operating results driven by strong rate in demand growth especially in group business. Strong F&B and other revenue growth, combined with improved flow-through and better than expected margin performance led to earnings results that exceeded our expectations and which allow us to improve our full year guidance. We continue to feel quite good about the fundamentals in the business and our outlook, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. First let's review our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $331 million for the quarter and $1.05 billion year-to-date. Our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter increased 23% and exceeded a consensus estimate and our forecast for the quarter. Our adjusted FFO per diluted share grew 36% to $0.34 per share for the quarter and stands at $1.10 year-to-date. These strong results were driven by several factors. First, our portfolio continued to achieve high occupancy levels of nearly 80% this quarter, our highest third quarter occupancy level since 2000. The strong demand allowed our hotels to drive rate increases of 6.4% resulting in an improvement in comparable hotel RevPAR on a constant currency basis of 7.9%. Looking at our total portfolio, pro forma RevPAR growth for the quarter was 9.2%. As Greg will describe in greater detail, our consolidated comparable international hotels continue to perform quite well, generating RevPAR growth of 11% in constant dollars in the quarter. Our growth in the third quarter was driven primarily by strong demand in all of our group segments, especially our highly rated associated association group business, which increased nearly 14%. Our corporate business also performed well with a demand increase of more than 3.5%, complemented by a rate increase of better than 4.5%. While group trends were favorable for the entire quarter, the calendar shift related to the Jewish holidays helped cause our September group revenues to increase by more than 15%, which was the second strongest month of the entire year. Overall group demand in the quarter increased nearly 6%, rate jumped by more than 4.5% and group revenues improved by more than 10.5%. Not surprisingly the significant increase in group bookings limit the trends in occupancy, which declined slightly, but it positions the hotels to push trends in rate increases that average more than 6.5%, leading to transient revenue growth of more than 6%. Benefitting from the strong group demand, our banquet and AV revenues increased 8.4% for the quarter, leading to total comparable F&B revenue growth of 6.1%. The increase in banquet spending helped fuel better than 40% flow through in the food and beverage department, that combined with the rate driven RevPAR growth resulted in comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin expansion of 305 basis points for the quarter. Year-to-date we've seen constant currency RevPAR growth of 6.6%, which when combined with F&B revenue growth of 5.2% led to comparable total revenue growth of 6% and adjusted margin expansion of 155 basis points. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our results for the third quarter. On the acquisition front, we continue to look for opportunities to increase our investment in our target markets. As we announced a few weeks ago, our European joint venture acquired a 90% interest in the 394 rooms Grand Hotel Esplanade in Berlin for a gross purchase price of 81 million. The hotel is a short walk from the city's leading high-end retail street and strategically situated between the historic and the new sections of the city in proximity to many embassies. This acquisition further diversifies the current European JV portfolio, provides new exposure to a target market in Germany and created relationship with the talented local independent operator event holding group. We also announced the acquisition of the B2 Miami Downtown Hotel for $58 million. The hotel is located in the heart of Miami's business and financial district within walking distance with the American Airlines Arena and situated on Biscayne Boulevard across from Bayfront Park ensuring that the hotel will continue to have unobstructed water views and long-term redevelopment potential. I should note that the B2 Miami Downtown is heart of our broader strategic initiative to increase our exposure to third party operators and/or independent or soft brands, in order to complement our existing portfolio of high quality brand manage assets in our target markets. We intend to convert this hotel to a true independent brand and have brought in Destination Hotels and Resorts to operate the property. Acquiring properties with management and brand flexibility whether it's in the recently acquired Powell Street in San Francisco or the B2, provides us with increased exposure to the growing urban lifestyle boutique segment and allows us to further differentiate and diversify our product in a given target market. Including the B2 Miami, we currently have seven hotels managed by third party operators and we're exploring opportunities for conversion to independent or soft brands with another three hotels we currently own. On the disposition front, earlier this month we announced the sale of the $719 room Tampa Marriott Waterside Hotel & Marina for $199 million, bringing our total sales for the year to nearly $0.5 billion. The sale of this property is consistent with our plan to reduce our exposure in non-core markets. In addition, our European joint venture sold the Sheraton Skyline Hotel & Conference Centre for 33 million. We continue to actively market properties and we expect to close on one or more transactions in the next few months with potential total incremental sales amounting to $50 million to $150 million. These contemplated sales will have minimal effect on our 2014 earnings. Turning to our development and value enhancement projects, construction on the timeshare project at the Hyatt Regency Maui is nearly complete. It will include a 131 timeshare units, totaling nearly 240,000 square feet. It features an 8,000 square foot open air lobby with direct ocean site line, a 3300 square foot fitness center and owners lounge casual dining restaurant and pool side bar. We contributed excess land at the hotel as well as cash and exchange for a 67% interest in the timeshare venture. Sales efforts began in October of last year and we will expect they will continue to ramp-up as we approach the anticipated mid-December resort opening. We're also making progress on our development project in Brazil. The Ibis and Novotel hotels are substantially complete and in the process of final inspections and occupancy permit. The Ibis is scheduled to open in mid November. The Novotel should open in mid December. Turning to capital investments, this quarter we invested approximately $28 million on ROI capital expenditures and invested approximately $57 million year-to-date. Several of these projects have included the conversion of underutilized space in our existing hotels to more profitable users. For example, we completed the renovation of unfinished storage space on the 32nd floor of the Seaport Tower at the Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego into two 2400 square foot meeting rooms with spectacular views. In addition, 11,000 square feet of meeting space is expected to be added across three other properties by yearend. In total we invested approximately $8.5 million in these projects. I would expect to generate EBITDA lift of approximately $1.5 million per annum. Other ROI projects include brand conversion such as the Sheraton Memphis Downtown. At this property, we are at the final stages of the assets rebranding effort, which includes a full soft and case goods renovation of the rooms, lobby, restaurant and public space, exterior facade, portico share, and various mechanical and fire light safety projects. The hotel is now managed by Davidson Hotel Company, who has a deep understanding of the Memphis market. Since taking over management and completing the renovation plan, they have improved advanced bookings at this group oriented hotel by more than 38% at significantly higher rates. And finally we continue to invest in projects, which reduce our energy cost. We have or are investing more than $17 million in two projects that are too large New York hotels, the Sheraton New York and the Marriott Marquis at Times Square. It constructs low pressure boiler plants that will create steam that will create the steam we employ to heat the building and our hot water, allowing us to disconnect some of the local steam utility. Based on current utility cost, we would expect to save more than $3 million per annum from this investment. For the full year, we would expect to spend $85 million to $100 million on redevelopment ROI and acquisition CapEx. We also expect to invest approximately $330 million to $345 million on renewal and replacement CapEx, including several large projects such as the meeting space renovations at the Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego and the Grand Hyatt DC and room renovations at the JW Marriot DC, JW Marriot Houston, New Orleans Marriot and San Antonio Riverwalk Marriott. These projects are scheduled for the fourth quarter to take advantage of softer demand period, but it worth noting that approximately 50% of our CapEx spending related to projects causing disruption to our hotels will occur in the fourth quarter. Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. We're extremely pleased with our third quarter results, which exceeded our expectations in part because of the strength of our group production. Following the pattern we experienced in the first half of the year, because of holiday shifts and renovation timing I just mentioned, we do expect a softer quarter from group business in the fourth quarter. This will likely result in flat banquet revenues compared to last year where F&B revenue growth was quite strong. Offsetting the lower groups demand, our trend in demand looks quite solid through the remainder of the year. Overall, we would expect that our second half of the year results will be better than the first half of the year, which allow us to increase our operating guidance for the year. With that in mind, we expect a comparable hotel RevPAR for the full year will increase 6% and 6.25% and comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin growth will be 120 basis points to 135 basis points. These assumptions resulted in an EBITDA -- adjusted EBITDA range of approximately $1,400,000 to $1,410,000, which represents an increase of $12.5 million at the midpoint and adjusted FFO per share guidance of $1.47 to $1.49, which represents an increase of $0.250 at the midpoint. While it is premature to offer any specific guidance relative to RevPAR revenue growth for 2015, we do believe that the fundamentals for our business continue to be quite attractive. Low supply growth will remain a positive factor for the lodging industry with only a few markets trending above the longer term average. Demand growth in the industry bolstered by robust international travel into the gateway markets has significantly outperformed the long-term average for the last three years, growing roughly at 3%. If predictions of 3% plus GDP growth for 2015 prove to be correct, we think demand growth in 2015 could improve further. Domestic booking trends, adjusted to eliminate the impact of the Super Bowl in northern market are quite solid with both demand and rate up leading to booked revenue growth in excess of 4% and the first half of the year looks quite strong. Perhaps more impactful both rate and room booked in 2014 for 2015 exceeds the prior year levels by approximately 5%. In fact our most recent activity in the third quarter for 2015 is even stronger with rate growth in excess of 10% suggesting momentum holding into the new year. We expect to close 2014 with average occupancy in excess of 77%, which approaches our 2000 peak occupancy. As a result, we would expect that the bulk of our RevPAR growth going forward will be generated by increases in average rate and changes in business mix. Overall we expect that 2015 should be another solid year for the industry, both the topline and bottom line. More to come on this front next February. Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating performance in more detail.
Greg Larson: Thank you, Ed. I am pleased with our impressive quarter, which was highlighted by the strongest quarterly RevPAR growth in the last three years and outperformance in comparable hotel adjusted margin growth and an exceptional increase of 305 basis points. Let me now provide our market results. Consistent with the last quarter, our Latin America hotel were the best performing hotels in the quarter with a 26% RevPAR increase. The World Cup final and the JW Mexico post-renovation lift continued to boost RevPAR for this region. Based on certain group business in Mexico, that will not repeat in the fourth quarter and the interruptions of business during elections in Brazil this month, we do not expect the outperformance to continue into the fourth quarter. The West region continues to outperform the portfolio with RevPAR growth of 8.9%, entirely driven by average rate and primarily a result of strong group business. Group revenues for the hotels in the West grew 11.4% enabling the hotels to drive rate improvement of 9.3%. Seattle, San Francisco, Denver and Los Angeles performed the best with double-digit RevPAR increases. On a combined basis, these hotels grew RevPAR 13% with a combined rate increase of over 13.5%. Solid group business create a compression that allowed our managers to shift our mix into premium segment by limiting special corporate and discounted rooms. This allowed them to drive rates in these markets. In the fourth quarter, we expect the hotels in San Francisco to continue to outperform our portfolio. We expect Seattle and Los Angeles to perform in line with our portfolio for the quarter and anticipate Denver will underperform the portfolio. Phoenix also had high RevPAR growth of 8.7%, resulting from their successful strategy to drive transient occupancy that summer. Transient occupancy increased 7.4% and rate increased 5.1% for this market. Based on a strong booking pace, we expect the strength to continue in the fourth quarter. Our Hawaii and San Diego markets underperformed the portfolio this quarter. The hotels in our Hawaiian markets were impacted by higher air fares during the summer, customer anticipation of two hurricanes in August and room renovations at the Fairmont Kea Lani. The San Diego hotels were affected by the meeting space renovation of the highest Manchester and the start of pre-construction efforts related to Marriott Hall at the San Diego Marriott. For the fourth quarter, our San Diego market will continue to be impacted by renovations at these two large hotels; however, the hotels in Hawaii are strategically replacing group room nights with rated transient business and we expect that this strategy should result in outperformance in the fourth quarter. The South Central region also posted great results with RevPAR of 7.9%. The hotels in this region had strong group performance as group revenues increased 11.9%. This led to food and beverage leverage revenue growth of more than 8% with an 11% increase in the more profitable banquet and catering business. The hotels in Atlanta and Chicago markets were the strong performers with RevPAR increases of 9.9% and 7.6% respectively. In Atlanta the four Buckhead hotels combined to grow both transient room nights and ADR by more than 7%. Group volume growth of 8% was particularly strong in Chicago resulting in group revenue growth of 10.4%. We expect these markets to continue to outperform the portfolio in the fourth quarter. The weakness at our hotels in Houston this quarter was primarily due to weaker than expected transient business at the JW Houston and St. Regis Hotels. As you know Houston has been one of our strongest outperformers and these hotels space difficult comparisons compared to 2013. Renovations at the JW Houston and Houston airport hotels will negatively impact the results for the Houston market in the fourth quarter. The East region reported a RevPAR increase of 6.6% with Boston up over 10% and Washington DC up 9%. Strong transient business led to transient revenues of 15.3% and 12.6% respectively and drove the outperformance in these markets. Boston Hotels grew transient rate by 14.2% and strong September city-wide events in Downtown DC boosted transient ADR and Downtown hotels by 10%. We do not expect the hotels in Boston or DC to continue to outperformance in the fourth quarter. Boston will have difficult comparisons from the World Series during the fourth quarter last year and renovations at the JW Marriot and Grant Hyatt hotels will negatively impact results for DC. The hotels in New York underperformed the portfolio with RevPAR gains of 4.1%. In the third quarter, the hotels of New York experienced an 8.5% gain in group revenues, which led to a 24.4% increase in banquet and catering business. However, the hotels in New York continue to be impacted by select service supply inhibiting rate growth in that market. The hotels in New York will continue to underperform the portfolio in the fourth quarter. The hotels in our European joint venture also had an excellent quarter with comparable hotel RevPAR and constant currency up 4.1% and total revenues up 5.6%. Food and beverage revenues increased 11.3%, with banquet and catering revenues up over 23%. These results led to impressive EBITDA margin growth. The RevPAR is driven by strong performance at the joint ventures hotels in Brussels and Spain. These two -- these hotels had double-digit total revenue increase and the two hotels in Spain had total revenue increase of over 20%. The strong banquet performance at the European joint venture hotels was driven by increased corporate catering demand at nine of our hotels. Food and beverage profits at the joint venture hotels increased approximately 46%. These meaningful improvements in part are driven by the deep dives performed by our asset management team. As you may recall from our Investor Day presentation, deep dives our productivity studies performed at our hotels to implement best practices found throughout our portfolio by examining daily routines and procedures to drive savings. For example the deep dive analysis of the food and beverage operations at our Sheraton Warsaw resulted in the restructuring of food and beverage labor model which drove profitability at this hotel. The food and beverage margins improved 850 basis points at this property. This hotel had negative RevPAR in the quarter posted a 90 basis point increase in its EBITDA margins. Another deep dive at our Sheraton Rome property led to over 1.4 million in annual savings also from restructuring, staffing mainly in the food and beverage operation. We intend to continue to conduct additional deep dives at both our international and domestic properties to further improve the margins at our hotels. Speaking of margins, our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins increased an impressive 305 basis points in the third quarter as over 80% of the RevPAR increase was driven by strong ADR growth resulting in excellent rooms flow through of over 81%. As described in our last quarter, RevPAR growth driven by strong ADR growth, combined with increases in our insurance and utility expenses have resulted in achievement of impressive operating profits margins. A full year margin guidance of 120 basis points to 135 basis points anticipates that the third quarter adjusted margin will be stronger than our fourth quarter margin. However, on a half year basis, margin growth in the second half of the year will significantly outperform margin growth in the first half of the year. As you may recall first half margins grew 80 basis points. We expect margins in the second half of the year to grow approximately 170 basis points. We're committed to sustaining a meaningful dividend given our strong extended operating outlook and significant amount of free cash flow. We increased the dividend to $0.20 in the third quarter and intend to maintain that over the course of the next several quarters. If we are unable to identify appropriate acquisition candidates with which to execute a tax free exchange for the Tampa Marriott Waterside Hotel, we will likely pay a modest special dividend for the fourth quarter. In summary, we are very excited about the strong RevPAR and EBITDA performance driven primarily by group business, which enabled significant rate increases in many of our markets. This dynamic boosted our margins and resulted in outperformance this quarter. This concludes our prepared remarks and we're now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And we'll now take our first question from Andrew Didora from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Ed, maybe digging into your commentary a bit on the independent hotels, I guess why the shift right now in direction? Is this the right point in the cycle to do this? And my second question around that is, I know you see some conversions within your current portfolio. But do you see the ability to maybe acquire and roll up more of these assets over the next 12 months or so? Thanks.
W. Edward Walter: As it relates to the shift to -- to look to purchase more of these, I think that sort of it ties in with our notion that we're trying to focus on a more limited number of markets, but then penetrate those markets more deeply. As we look to execute on that strategy in many of those markets we already owned some of the best convention oriented hotels, or larger group hotels, so it's sort of a natural consequence of expanding our presence in those markets to look for hotels that might be in different segments of the business whether that be the urban select service or lifestyle boutique type hotel. So I think that's really what's driving that. From a standpoint of future acquisitions and I think there is certainly given that as you can tell based on our recent history we're investing more in this area. We would certainly hope that we would be able to complete more acquisitions of this nature. It's not the easiest market to buy in right now. So we'll have to see what actually happens.
Andrew Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understood. That's helpful. And then, maybe my second question for Greg, after the strong group results thus far, this year, where does your group currently stand as a percentage of your revenue mix? And how does that compare to last cycle?
Greg Larson: Andrew, if you look at our group business over a long period of time, it's usually right around 40%. At the peak of the last cycle, it was closer to 43% of our overall business and today it's closer to 37% of our business.
Andrew Didora - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Good morning, guys. Actually, just building on that brand manager strategy, comment, I'd like to broader focus on independent brand and managed hotels. The first part is, where do you see that going as a percentage of your overall platform down the road? And do you think you get there predominantly through conversions of existing hotels or is it through acquisition?
W. Edward Walter: While I am pleased that we've got a few candidates internally we should be able to convert I suspect that the growth will come more from acquisitions then it will from conversions within the portfolio. Yes, it's hard to put a number on that and I think we would certainly be comfortable in the long run with that becoming 10% plus of the portfolio in some ways, but a lot of that's going to be driven by the ability to execute acquisitions and what we're able to get done in the near term in the market.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And just a follow-up on maybe capital allocation is Host hasn't been necessarily a big acquirer, if you will, this cycle. Is it too late to undertake acquisitions of maybe sort of a large-scale institutional hotel, in your view? And how do you weigh acquisitions at this juncture versus using your balance sheet capacity to instead return capital to shareholders versus -- via dividends or share repurchases?
W. Edward Walter: That's a great question. We feel good enough about the length of the cycle that I think we would be -- we certainly are evaluating and pursuing transactions whether they're of a boutique type nature, the independent type nature or our more traditional branded type of a hotel. I think one of the challenges that we face though in going after those in each instance is the fact that we tend to look at things as we evaluate an acquisition over a 10-year timeframe and that has to -- when you're looking over that long of a period, you have to assume some period of time where operating results are a bit softer. And so I think because we're taking that into account and that how we do that will vary by market, but how we take that into account, that I think put us maybe a bit of a competitive pricing disadvantage to folks you might be looking at more buying now and selling in their minds before the cycle turns. And so that group which tends to use higher leverage and has a shorter holding period, I think is ending up being able to push pricing more aggressively than we would. So I think my shorter answer to your question is we would feel comfortable in buying. It would be based upon our conservative and disciplined underwriting criteria. To the extent that we are not able to complete acquisitions like that, I think we've been pretty consistently saying for a while that we've been looking to invest outside the portfolio or inside the portfolio first on theory that drives better returns, but as we complete sales, those will naturally result in higher dividends because of the taxable income associated with those sales. And to the extent there is not opportunities to otherwise invest in either in new -- existing or new hotels, we will be returning capital to shareholder either through a more dividend or by repurchasing stock.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Michael Bilerman from Citigbank.
Kevin Barron - Citigroup: Hi. This is Kevin Barron with Michael. I just wanted to better quantify the renovation disruption in 4Q. Could you just give us a sense of what the RevPAR would be, backing out those hotels under renovation in the comparable portfolio?
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we have a precise number for how it would hit that. I can tell you that just in terms of the disruption it creates in our group business for the fourth quarter though, our group business would probably be roughly 4% stronger if we didn't have the renovation disruption.
Kevin Barron - Citigroup: Okay. And then if you think about the group business momentum leading to more favorable mix shift, and then also in your opening comments you talked about the potential for better demand in 2015, we just wanted to get your thoughts on the potential for RevPAR accelerating next year from 2014 levels.
Greg Larson: I don't know I see it as a ability, the conditions that would require RevPAR to accelerate next year from the strong levels that we've experienced in the last couple of years I think tie to what are the two primary drivers of our business right now. The two things that I think, the one would be the overall economic growth in the U.S. and secondly would be world-wide economic growth that helps generate international travel. So as I highlighted in my comments, we've been very happy, very pleased with the overall level of international arrivals into the U.S. over the last several years and we believe that's been a primary driver and why demand over the course of the last several years has outpaced historical levels kind of on a relative basis to GDP. So as we think about next year, we certainly are encouraged by the fact that once again most of the major forecasters are expecting stronger economic growth in '15 than what we've seen in '14. I would caution that we probably said that for the last three years in a row, so hopefully '15 is the year that that materializes and then if we also see continued growth on the international front comparable with better than what we've seen, that creates a condition for overall stronger demand growth. Supply does go up a bit next year not a lot. So we don't view supply as the near-term problem rather than a few markets, but overall I am not certain we would be sitting here expecting RevPAR acceleration for next year, but we certainly feel that we should see another strong year in the industry.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And it's Michael Bilerman, I just wanted to follow-up on your comment about 4% in terms of the renovation, are you effectively saying, if group is call it 37% of the business which Greg did sort of said, that didn't have seasonal that wasnt in the fourth quarter that effectively there is a 1.5% drag on RevPAR just 4% behind what it normally would be? Is that effectively the math you want us to make? I just didn't know how to quantify what the 4% meant.
Greg Larson: Yes I think that's -- what I was trying to highlight is that our group bookings would be about 4% higher if we didn't end the fourth quarter if we didn't have the renovation. So that it may not be too far off Michael. It's just that you got a trade off there that we will sell in some of that shortfall with Transient and so it's probably not quite as direct to what you have there, but that's probably directionally correct.
W. Edward Walter: I think that's right. As you know Michael, if we could, if group business was stronger that would also help us on the Transient side as well because really not except some of the weaker Transient and really push the Transient also.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Yes, and that would also all F&B and all the other
W. Edward Walter: That is correct.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: All right. So I just didn't know if you actually had an EBITDA number that we could sort of isolate for the fourth quarter where if he market disappointed with the fourth quarter guidance trying to put together the pieces that sort of get you from where the street was or where they were relative to where you think you're going to be? I think that's what we are trying to isolate?
Greg Larson: We don't have that number right now.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Greg Larson: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Rich Hightower from ISI Group.
Rich Hightower - ISI Group: Good morning, guys. A question on the disposition side -- I am wondering if you can tell us within the portfolio, what portion of the hotels are either unencumbered by brand entirely, or are so far along in the contract such as the breakage costs might be minimal to a potential buyer that might be interested in converting those to something else.
W. Edward Walter: Roughly about 40% of our domestic portfolio, we have either absolute contract flexibility or put it along the lines which you were describing very near term contract flexibility. And I would tell you that we in most instances the reason we have that is because we've negotiated for it over the years, but nor surprisingly the bulk of that flexibility fits within the assets that are in non-core markets entirely or non-core sub markets within our target markets. So I think roughly 75% of the assets that we have flexibility on are assets that we could -- we would be open to selling over the next few years. And we're well situated in part because over the years we've targeted to accomplish that to have contract flexibility for assets we would like to sell.
Rich Hightower - ISI Group: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks for the specifics there. And my second question concerns New York and D.C. Your revenue and EBITDA concentration in those two markets combined, I think it is still above 20%, maybe not as high as it was about a year ago. But just over time, with the puts in takes in the portfolio that youve talked about, where do you see the ideal concentration in those two markets in the future?
W. Edward Walter: I think over time we would be expecting to reduce our presence in New York. I don't think that as we look at these either some of our suburban assets in DC that we would be intending on selling, but we're not uncomfortable with the overall waiting in DC with using a long-term perspective, but I do think there is some reduction happening there. Over time I would like to see some reduction in New York too.
Rich Hightower - ISI Group: Okay. That's all for me.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Hey, good morning. You talked a few times high level about the setup for the U.S. lodging industry heading into 2015. Given you also have international exposure, can you just give us some initial thoughts there, too? Thank you.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would say if you look at where we have our biggest international presence, it's Europe and I think generally Europe has been difficult to predict frankly because there are fits and starts to their economic recovery has been challenging. I would point out though that one of the things that makes Europe a bit different than the U.S. is the importance of international travel throughout our European portfolio. Where in the U.S. we probably would think that plus or minus 20% of our demand comes from international travel. In Europe our portfolio probably gets 40% to 45% of its demand from international. So that helps pushing Europe from some of the weakness that we've seen in the economy. Overall I think so far this year we're running around 3.5% or so in Europe on RevPAR growth. I would like to think that next year we will reach that level, but I think we're going to need to see a little bit more -- we will be interested to see what develops as we go through the budget process, try to have some better insight in the back. Outside of that, I think in Latin America we probably will not see the same strength that we've seen this year for two reasons. One the World Cup will not be repeating in Rio De Janeiro -- in Brazil, which is going to probably drive those markets to be slightly down for next year and we've had extraordinary performance in Mexico City, but some of that's been construction delay meaning that we had construction the prior year. So I would expect that Mexico we will see growth that's roughly comparable with folks are expecting in the U.S. And then in our assets in Australia and New Zealand we don't -- I would say there we're probably looking at may be single digit RevPAR growth.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Helpful. Thank you. And then, just one more question, playing devil's advocate here a little bit. Your RevPAR was up 8%, which is obviously very good and an acceleration from the trends we are seeing, but your peers saw it closer to 9%. Anything driving the slight underperformance for you guys versus them? Thank you.
W. Edward Walter: Again if you look at how our entire portfolio performed in the year and you include all of the assets in our portfolio and don't exclude some that we would typically exclude because of the way we approach issues around comparability, our portfolio ran at 9% in the third quarter also. So I don't know that there was a big of a difference it may seem when you look at the numbers in a little bit more detail. I would say though maybe a little bit more broadly is that we're up against -- we're at this point now enjoying practically forever peak occupancy level and so one of the things that we're very focused on with our operators is looking drive rate. And so a big part of our success next year is going to come down to our ability to drive rate in all forms of our business. We're quite encouraged by the improvements we were seeing in our bookings in our group business in 2014 and especially more lately I highlighted some statistics that overall rate in our bookings in 2014, 2015 was up 5% late in the third quarter, bookings in 2015 was up 10%. As those trends -- if those trends continue and we certainly hope and expect that they will, that will certainly help us in pushing rate next year and that obviously is very beneficial on what it will do for the bottom line.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: So can one imply by those comments that you gave up a bit of occupancy index to drive rate index, which obviously benefited your EBITDA and drove the strong beat in the quarter?
W. Edward Walter: I suspect -- yes, I think if you -- compared to the broader market, not compared to our individual comp set, but compared to the broader market, I think the broader market had slightly more occupancy improvement because it starts at a far lower base than us, but we had better rate growth. And at the end of the day, if I had a choice between the two, I would rather see higher rates.
Greg Larson: Yes, as you said Thomas, that's certainly powerful on the margin front and that's one of the reasons why our margins were up 305 basis points, which frankly probably I think that's our best margin growth in over a decade.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Yes congratulations. Okay. Thanks, bye.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Good morning, all. I have two questions, one on acquisitions and then one renovations. Ed, with the stuff you are looking to buy, single assets or portfolios, whether they are small or large, with what you are looking at right now would you characterize that as more fine-tuning your market and brand mix? Or is there anything in there that you would characterize as EBITDA needle movement?
W. Edward Walter: It's probably more the former than the latter. Obviously the real issue there comes down to scale and size of the acquisition and we certainly have the capability to do something larger, but I stand on what we've said for a number of years, which is we don't need to be bigger just to be bigger, it's really just about improving overall levels of growth and improving earnings per share. So I think in the near term, it's always hard to predict the big deal is going to happen. We're certainly interested in looking, but I suspect that the more likely activity would be more along the lines of fine-tuning.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Got it. And then, with renovations, I know you are not providing anything on next year. But just given what you know about next year and the project CapEx and work that you are thinking about for next year, when you think about next year, do you think the renovation disruption in '15 is the same or less than what you have experienced in full year '14?
W. Edward Walter: I think we're going to have to wait until February to answer that. We obviously are having some disruption now. There are a couple of projects like what we will end up doing with the Philadelphia Four Seasons in converting that to a new -- a different brand or a soft brand and so things we're looking after some other projects that the actual way we proceed and whether or not there is an absolute closure of that hotel or not, will dictate to either whether the renovation effect next year is larger than this year or not. So it's certainly something we're focused on and obviously the benefits of any projects like that to the extent that they do hit '15 we should start to see some good benefit of that in '16.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Steven Kent, Goldman Sachs. Mr. Kent, your line is open.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Can you hear me?
W. Edward Walter: Now we can.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Sorry about that. Can you talk a little bit about your renovation schedule? I still don't completely understand how different it is versus the years before. And, also, and how it's going to affect you? And then, the second is, you mentioned urban select service a couple of times. How do you see the portfolio mix between that full and select service over the next few years for Host?
W. Edward Walter: See I think there are a couple of points we were trying to make about the renovation activity. In general, the way this year is playing out, is that about 35% of our CapEx is happening in the fourth quarter. So obviously on a weighted basis, that's a little bit higher, but more importantly as we step back and looked at which projects were being affected, we had a number of larger hotels and I had detailed them in my comments that we are undergoing either room renovations or somewhat disruptive meeting room renovations and those were happening in the fourth quarter. When we look more broadly at the activity that was happening in the fourth quarter and we had noticed this and we were aware that last quarter as I highlighted in my comments that we expected some renovation disruption in Q4, which is one of the reasons we were saying Q3 would be stronger than Q4 as we were finishing out moving at the end of the year there. We were saying that roughly half of the renovation CapEx that would be disruptive to our numbers EBITDA generation that's happening in the fourth quarter, I can't exactly compare that to prior years on the slide. But it's certainly higher then where we were last year because last year we just had lighter construction activity weeks of a disruptive nature in the fourth quarter. So I think that's really why we were highlighting that here and it's highlighted in the prior quarter. In terms of the growth of select service within our portfolio, it's still a very small percentage. I think the rate of growth will probably be meaningful in the sense that small numbers can easily be grown, but the reality is that in the near term, I don't think that it's going to rise to a significant part of our portfolio in part because these tend to be smaller properties too. So when you are a $20 billion company, obviously you got to buy a fair amount of something just to move it up to a 1% or 2% of the size of the company. So absent a portfolio transaction, which I would generally say it's unlikely in this arena, it will grow 1% or 2% at a time.
Greg Larson: Yes, I agree with you Ed on the percentage because even if we are successful on acquiring several of these select service properties, at the same time, we could also invest in one or more upper upscale properties. So the percentages may not actually move much.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs:
 W. Edward Walter:
W. Edward Walter: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Anthony Powell form Barclays.
Anthony Powell - Barclays: Hi. Good morning. On the stats you gave 2015, were they pace stats for overall or for group? And if they are for overall revenue, could you provide some color on how the group pace is trending for next year?
W. Edward Walter: Those stats that we gave on the call were relative to group 
Anthony Powell - Barclays: Got it. Great. Thank you. And just on the Orlando asset, it seems like that's ramping up pretty well. Could you give us an update on where you are in that ramp up, after the renovation, and how much incremental growth that could drive maybe next year?
W. Edward Walter: At this point we have finished all of the construction work at the Orlando asset. I think that some of the side work that we had -- that was so disruptive to operations was completed in the first quarter this year, but the remaining -- my sense in general is that the remaining three quarters of the year for that asset is generally not affected by construction. So I would say that we've had very big lift this year from that asset in out of its construction site and had its work done. I suspect we will get some minor lift in the first quarter of last year and after that it should be more normalized.
Greg Larson: Yes, I think that hotel, it will have a good year next year and because of that, when we think about our hotels in Florida next year, those hotels should outperform our portfolio.
Anthony Powell - Barclays: And, one final one on the Marriott Marquis in New York. How is the retail and the signage construction going? And how much incremental EBITDA could that generate next year? Thank you.
Greg Larson: Again it's early to speculate on the actual impact of EBITDA next year because we're not exactly the marketing process has gone extremely well, but having said that Vornado has not announced any signed leases yet. But from a construction perspective we've talked previously about a $10 million to $12 million benefit rolling from the completion of that improvement. We'll see some of that next year, but it's more likely the full benefit of that is more likely to hit '16. From a construction perspective, my understanding is the sign is virtually complete and I think that there is probably going to be more noise and more press around that in the middle of next month, but we couldnt be happier with how that whole process has gone. We couldnt have been happier with having Vornado as a partner here and we're very excited to get the sign operational, get the retail space leased and open and a lot of the hotels have started taking advantages of those new outside observatory jacks that will sit on top of the sign.
Anthony Powell - Barclays: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Ryan Meliker from MLV & Company.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company: Hi. Good morning, guys. I just had a quick question. Most of mine have been answered. But I was hoping you could give us some color on the acquisition market and types of things you are looking for. Obviously, you guys have done a good job being particularly disciplined this year and last year as well, with regards to acquisitions, given where cap rates are and values have really grown. But, what you have bought and what it seemed to indicate in your press release, is that you might be a little more focused today on some smaller independent assets in gateway markets. I am just trying to figure out how you balance acquisitions of those types of assets with a like-kind exchange for a $200 million Tampa asset. Are you guys are going to be stretching valuations to try to find a like-kind exchange so that things work out from a taxation standpoint, or are you less likely to do that? Just help me think about the implications of that like-kind dynamic. Thanks.
W. Edward Walter: Sure. I think as I suggested earlier, the market is competitive. I say that we have an active pipeline of deals that we're reviewing, but compared to that I might have looked at the well four years ago. My assessment of the probability that we actually complete those transactions would suggest that we will -- our hit rate is going to be a lot lower now than it was earlier in the cycle. I don't think there is anything about that that's unexpected that's what you would naturally expect as you work your way into the cycle that a lot of capital plays to the party and then tends to pay bigger prices, that's one of the reasons why we're active seller right now and we tend to be an active seller. As you think about the right king of exchange element of this, I think that your question is a great question and the short answer is that we're not going to stretch on purchases, jut to complete the right kind of exchange. Now I think we're not uncomfortable in paying a higher dividend. We're not uncomfortable in generating proceeds from deals and using that to either pay more of a dividend or buyback stock if that's the right answer. And so the reality is that I mentioned before, we're comfortable with the scale of the company. We're trying to refine the markets that we operate in. If the deal fits our parameters or presents a unique opportunity, then we're going to -- we would be happy to be an investor, but on the other hand to the extent that we don't, we're fine looking for ways to return capital or looking for other ways to return capital.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company: Got you. It is good to hear that the like-kind dynamic isn't a driver of acquisitions. That's all for me. Nice quarter. Thanks a lot.
W. Edward Walter: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question with Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just want to ask you, as you look up and down your portfolio, and certainly you have a number of kind of the large battleship and group hotels, but as you look at some of the smaller ones in nonunion markets, are you guys kind of evaluating any opportunities to almost convert those to limited service? That seems to be kind of where we are trending as an industry and just wanted your sense as to what is possible within your portfolio.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, it's an interesting question Chris. You know what I would say is that I don't know that we would think about converting them to limited service in the sense of down branding them because I doubt that the risk on the rate would be worth that, but what we are trying to do and certainly this is something we've been trying to do for a while is try to pick up some of the best elements of limited service operation and apply them to our hotel. So in another words where we have hotels that in-house managed or operator managed food and beverage we're looking at opportunities to outsource that food and beverage platform or consolidate that food and beverage platform. So it doesnt make it a select service or limited service hotel, but what it does is to the extent that we can outsource that or reduce the importance of that to the hotel, we're at least looking at a way or trying to identify ways to improve our margins and reduce our risk on the food and beverage side, so that more and more of our hotel is based on the rooms operations, which is we all know tends to generate higher levels of profitability. So there are a few specific instances in our portfolio over the years where we have made the decision that best thing to do was to covert a Marriott to a courtyard and I think that's happened a couple of times. But generally I don't think that's going to be the preferred route, but looking for ways to modify the operating model to make the hotel more efficient to king of capturing the best of the limited service operating platform, while maintaining the full service rate. That's the strategy we would like to push wherever it makes sense.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Sure. Great. Understood. And then, just as we think about the New York market, from where we sit, we probably think that the supply maybe is having more of an impact on the Marquis, given the number of rooms. Is that a fair assessment? And is it a very significant impact if we looked at New York RevPAR ex-Marquis?
W. Edward Walter: No I wouldnt say that the Marquis is really struggling at all because of flex servicing let's say. The level of supply in New York has been high and I would say the entire New York market has felt some impact from the supply and I think most folks would describe that less about a occupancy problem and more about a challenge in being able to raise rate. But to be honest, the hotels like the Marquis that can accommodate larger groups and plus have that kind of a ground zero location within Times Square, we're still running comfortably north of 90% at the Marquis, which is where we've been running for the last several years. So I don't think I actually think that our in a lot of ways that you look at our performance was in New York. We've been doing slightly better than the market for the last two years and I think we're less affected by a lot of our select service supply that has come into New York then some other hotels might be and partly because we have the customer base for our key hotels is far more diversified than what a flex service hotel typically attracts.
Greg Larson: And you can that even in the third quarter Chris, where our RevPAR in New York was up 4.1%, which obviously outperformed the star data for New York.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question with Jim Sullivan with Cowen and Group.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: Okay. And forgive me if this question relates to something you may be addressed in your prepared comments, Ed, but on the four seasons in Philadelphia, I am not sure if youve finalized your budget or your plans there, so whatever you can give us in terms of an update on timing and cost for that conversion.
W. Edward Walter: Jim we don't have that completely finalize right now. I would broadly say that the direction we're leaning there is going to be an independent hotel, but likely soft branded. It will be affiliated with one of the major brands and the exact timing for when we will start construction is not yet set, but I suspect that some of that work will start sometime in the middle of next year.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: And do you have some preliminary budget or some range that you could share with us?
W. Edward Walter: Not at this point in time. We're still working through that with the operator that we're working with.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: Okay. The second question, just a minor question on the management fee. That line item group grew more than hotel revenues. Is that attributable to IMS in the period and can you give us an outlook for IMS as we go forward in what's a fairly robust topline environment?
Greg Larson: Hey Jim, this is Greg. I think if you look at our management fees this year, I think in general obviously base fees have been increasing. I think that this year in particular incentive management fee year-to-date the increase has been fairly minimal and there are several reason for that. And Ed mentioned earlier in this call, we've had several negotiations with certain managers where we've been successful in sort of minimizing incentive management fees for this year. So I think when you look at it, our incentive management fees in the first half of the year were actually down on a year-over-year basis and in the second half of the year, our incentive management fees will be up around 4%.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: And when you look out to next year, I know obviously you're not giving guidance for next year in this call, but the environment is very positive. Supply in most markets, while it is increasing, remains below demand growth. Should we be assuming that IMS will increase for the full year next year, too early to say?
Greg Larson: I think next year as you said, I think a lot of people including us were expecting very good results for next year on the topline and with EBITDA growth and I think with great EBITDA growth, we'll have sort of what I would consider normal incentive management fee growth next year.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: Okay. And a follow-up question on the earlier question about Europe. I wonder if you could talk to us about acquisition pricing in Europe, how it's moved this year versus acquisition pricing in the U.S.  And, as you think about the comparative growth rates over the next one to two years, how strong your appetite is? I know you just announced an acquisition in Europe, but how strong your appetite is to do more acquisitions over the next -- over the coming quarters?
W. Edward Walter: Pricing in Europe is probably one way to think about it might be the cap rates there are 100 to 150 basis points higher in at least in the markets that we've been focused which would be Germany relative to what we're seeing in the U.S. pricing in London and in Paris is probably comparable to pricing in the best markets in the U.S. and so very aggressive. Now I think you're looking at sort of in the 4% to 5% range as it relates to cap rates for either in those markets. Given that our outlook for Europe would be for slower growth than what we would be expecting in the U.S. there is -- one of the reason why we are buying in Germany is we generally think that Germany will have better growth that the rest of Europe and we think the pricing levels make more sense relative to opportunities we might see elsewhere. I think that both Paris and London while they are spectacular long-term markets, but right now their capital is aggressively seeking assets in those markets is one of the reason why we sold the Sheraton Skyline and the pricing levels there are such that we would not view that as a good allocation of capital in the near term absent an unusual situation to be able to meaningfully create value at the hotel. I think our we're in the process of marketing some other hotels in Europe, but we're actually trying to take advantage of some of the optimism that the broader world has in terms of investing in European hotels to see if we can reduce the size of our portfolio. We're still interested in acquiring more, but it will be fairly selective in terms of the markets that we will enter.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: Okay. Just to kind of follow up in terms of what you just said, obviously, the long-term debt markets are very favorable in Europe. How do you balance the appeal of that with the desire to sell assets? We tend to think that assets that are not encumbered by debt are easier to sell. How do you balance those two contradictory factors?
W. Edward Walter: That's a good question. Now as we stand currently, in Europe we tend to approach our financings on an asset by asset basis, but to some degree we're not forced to confront that issue in part because we've dealt with all the financings that we need to address over the course of the last couple of years. We've also built in the flexibility and most of those financings to be able to sell some of the assets earlier. Financing that offer tends to be shorter term than what we will typically see in the U.S. and what we would typically employ in the U.S. So I think that we're looking at the not unlike the way we're thinking about some of the assets we would like to in the U.S. but back in the financial markets have gotten a bit more aggressive and certainly I would say that the delta in Europe is even larger than what we've seen here not that theyve gotten that much cheaper than where we are in the U.S., but the delta compared to last year theyve got a lot cheaper. We're sort of a mind this is a good time to try to take advantage of that which is why we're marketing some of our properties there. We're not looking to sell our best assets, but I would say we're looking to sell some of the middle of the pack.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: Okay. And then finally for me and I think this is a Greg question, Greg, I wonder if you could walk us through the reasons for the difference between the $69 million positive impact of the litigation reserve reversal and the $59 million add back to get to the adjusted EBITDA?
Greg Larson: Yes, so Jim as you know we're fortunate enough to win the San Antonio case. So we're in a great -- because of that we're not going to have to put out $70 million, which is a good thing. We had $25 million in the restricted cash account that was now back in our hands. So we're pretty happy to say the least. The other thing that happens as you pointed out is that there is a GAAP impact of $69 million, so you'll see that when you look at our GAAP earnings, but from an EBITDA perspective the impact is really, really just the interest that we've been accruing on this year. So we've reversed out the interest from this year and then we have some interest accruals from last year that also will flow through EBITDA and so as you correctly point out in total for San Antonio the $10 million EBITDA benefit, but the flip side to that is we have an increase in other litigation expense and so net, net when you take into account that benefit and the increase in the accrual on other litigation expense it's approximately a $4 million EBITDA benefit. And as you know, that's not -- that's not hotel EBITDA right and so obviously $4 million helps our entire EBITDA for the company, but had no impact on our margin growth -- hotel margin growth of 305 basis points.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Wes Golladay, RBC.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets: Hey everyone. Can you give us an update on the supply and demand picture for group on the prime nights for group? Are you seeing the ability to push some of the group business to the softer nights?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, that one of the interesting challenges that we have as we get into this part of the cycle is that given how robust transient demand has been in a number of markets and given the fact that so many of our hotels are running very high occupancies in the middle of the week and on Saturday. And part of what's happening on the group side now is trying to -- try to push that business to what we would describe as a shoulder night. So it's hard -- we actually had an extensive discussion about that when we were going through our quarterly review with our asset management team and I wish I had a statistic to be able to describe how successful we're being with that, but the reality is that clearly for business being booked now for '15 and '16.
Greg Larson: Yes, it's a great situation to put the group in a weaker time because you know what, when you do that, sometimes it could skew the rate growth that we are talking about for next year because if you're booking during the weaker time, that's a great outcome and allows us to book transient business in a stronger times, but if you looking at year-over-year rate growth in group, that obviously will impact and lower than number.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And can we go back to the Marquis asset? When will you guys be able to discuss the numbers more and the opportunity to dispose of the asset for the signage in retail? Is there a time we can get more color on that?
Greg Larson: You mean as it relates to our options around exercising some ability to be able to sell the retail itself.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
W. Edward Walter: To be honest, there is no reason for us to do anything there until we're comfortable that we have Vorando because they're in control of this and so Vorando has maximized the benefit of the retail space in this signage. So the retail space I would assume will get leased over the first part of next year, the signage part of this, the retail will not be taking all of the signage. So I think there is going to be some period of time where they continue to market the signage and users get comfortable with the fact that we've now created -- or theyve created that they get TV screen in one of the best market in the world from a publicity perspective. So I don't think that this is anything that we're going to be moving forward aggressively on in the near term in part because I think there is a big opportunity here and we would love to see that maximize it before we try to exercise any right.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. As we get to the opening of that, though, can you talk more about the value creation as maybe where you see it value at once it is opened? Or, it seems to be an ignored asset for you guys right now.
W. Edward Walter: Well, it's not an ignored asset from a perspective of what it does for EBITDA, but I think it's a good question we could try to provide more color on that in the future.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot everyone.
W. Edward Walter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time and I would now like to hand the call back to Mr. Ed Walter for any closing remarks. Please go ahead sir.
W. Edward Walter: Great. Well thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you and we look forward to talking with you in February to discuss our yearend results and provide much more detailed insight into 2015. Have a great day everybody.
Operator: This does conclude our conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Gee Lingberg  Vice President of Investor Relations W. Edward Walter  President Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory J. Larson  Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President 
Analysts:  Robin M. Farley  UBS Investment Bank Kevin J. Varin  Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Wesley K. Golladay  RBC Capital Markets, LLC Andrew G. Didora  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony F. Powell  Barclays Capital, Inc. Anto M. Savarirajan  Goldman Sachs & Co Thomas G. Allen  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co. Ryan Meliker  MLV & Co LLC C. Patrick Scholes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Smedes Rose  Evercore Partners Inc.  
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Host Hotels & Resorts' second quarter 2014 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the Company's outlook for 2014. Greg will then provide greater detail on our second quarter performance by markets and our balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter of solid operating results driven by strong rate in demand growth across our business. Combination of our strong operations through the first half of the year and our continuing optimism about the state of the lodging industry have resulted in improved full-year guidance which I will discuss in a few minutes. First let's review our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $411 million for the quarter and $819 million year-to-date, which exceeds consensus estimates. Our adjusted FFO per diluted share was in line with estimates at $0.43 per share for the second quarter and $0.76 year-to-date. These strong results were driven by several factors. First, for the quarter, our portfolio achieved a cycle high occupancy level of 81% which allowed our hotels to thrive rate increases exceeding 4%, resulting in an improvement in comparable hotel RevPAR on a constant currency basis of 5.1%. As Greg will describe in greater detail our consolidated comparable international hotels continue to perform quite well generating RevPAR growth of more than 16% in the quarter. Our growth in the second quarter was driven primarily by our transient segments as group demand moderated primarily because of the shift of the Easter holiday, from March of 2013 to April of 2014. Transient demand increased 1.6%; transient rate jumped 5% which lead to a transient revenue increase of more than 6.5%. As expected, the holiday shift resulted in a smaller increase in group business, as group demand increased by just 0.8% and group revenues increased by slightly more than 2%. Looking at our results for the first half of the year, which eliminates the noise generated by the higher holiday shift, provides a clear insight into the health and character of our business. For the first half of the year, group demand increased nearly 3.5%, rate increase by more than 2.5% and group revenues increased by more than 6%, one of our best performances since the last peak. The primary driver of these excellent group business trends with corporate group which benefited from a 5% plus increase in demand and a 5% increase in rate, leading to a revenue increase of more than 10.5%. The increased group bookings limited transient demand growth to 0.7%, but allow hotels to push transient rate increases that average nearly 4.5% leading to transient revenue growth of more than 5%. With these two key elements of our business performing quite well, comparable RevPAR growth on a constant currency basis for the first half of the year was 5.9%. Matching the strong group demand our banquet revenue increased 6.6% for the first half of the year leading to total comparable F&B revenue growth of 4.8%. The increase in banquet spending fueled more than a 50% flow through in the food and beverage department. That combined with the rate driven RevPAR growth resulted in adjusted operating profit margin expansion of 60 basis points for the quarter and 80 basis point for the first half. Overall, we are quite pleased with our results for the first half of 2014. On the acquisition front, we continue to look for opportunities to increase our investment in our target markets; we do have an active pipeline at this juncture and expect to complete additional transactions before year end. However, given the timing and certainty of these  given that the timing and certainty of these transactions is difficult to predict, we've not included any additional acquisitions in our forecast. On the disposition front, we continue to actively market properties and we expect to close on one or more transactions by the end of the year, in this incidence while the sell market is also difficult to predict, the guidance I will discuss in a few minutes does assume that we will complete incremental sales of approximately $200 million by year end. Turning to capital investment, this quarter we invested over $90 million on a variety of projects that we believe will enhance the competitiveness and value of our portfolio. Specifically, we invested approximately $71 million on renewal and replacement projects including the renovation of the Sheraton Boston 428 room South Tower. In addition to 2700 square feet of restaurant and public space at that hotel. On the value add side of the equation, we invested $4 million into our recent acquisitions. And more importantly $18 million on ROI capital expenditures, including the repositioning of 10,000 square feet of restaurant and public space at Denver Marriott West. Looking at total capital expenditures for the first half of the year, we spent over $180 million on our properties, resulting in improvements to 2800 guest rooms over 100,000 square feet of meeting space and 60,000 square feet of public space. Of that amount $147 was spent on renewal and replacement CapEx, $7 million on acquisition CapEx and $29 million on ROI investments. For the full year we would expect to spend $330 million to $350 million on renewal and replacement CapEx. $25 million to $30 million on acquisition CapEx, and most importantly $65 million to $75 million on redevelopment and ROI CapEx. We remain focused on this last piece of capital investment as we believe it provides an opportunity to drive superior returns from our already strong portfolio. Now let me spend some time on our outlook as there are number of factors that keep us optimistic about the remainder of the year. While full-year expectations for GDP growth have obviously tempered most economists expect second half growth to be quite strong. That, supplemented by better job growth and continued strong inbound travel, bodes well for strong demand growth. Supply growth in most of our markets, excluding New York continues to be constrained especially in the upper upscale segment. Our year-to-date occupancy is running well north of 77% and well above our 2007 peak which suggest that we should benefit form strong rate growth. Our group booking pace for the remainder of the year is quite strong, with revenues exceeding the prior year's pace by more than 6%. This is an improvement over our position at the end of Q1. Bookings in Q2 for the quarter and the remainder of the year ran better than 14% ahead of the prior-year's pace. It is worth noting that our third quarter bookings are trending better than our bookings in the fourth quarter which generally attribute to year-over-year comparability challenges, to change in holiday timing, and some increase in a renovation activity at a few large group hotels. Overall in addition to providing a foundation for strong RevPAR growth, this group base should also support solid banquet activity, leading to good F&B flow-through. The combination of these factors some easier expense comps, reduced insurance expenses, and lower unallocated costs suggest that second-half margin should increase to the better rate than we experience in the first half of the year. With that in mind, we expect the comparable hotel RevPAR for the full year will increase between five and three quarters in 6.25% and adjusted operating profit margin growth will range between 100 and 130 basis points. These assumptions result in adjusted EBITDA of between $1.380 billion to $1.405 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.44 to $1.47. The midpoint of this updated guidance reflects a $12.5 million increase in adjusted EBITDA and a $0.02 increase in FFO per share, compared to our prior guidance. I should note that this guidance also includes a reduction to account for the $200 million in sales we expect to complete in the fall, but does not include the benefit of any of the acquisitions we might complete. In summary, we are pleased with our results for the first half of the year and remain confident about our outlook for the remainder of this year and into 2015. We expect the fundamentals in our business will remain solid and with continued low supply growth, we will continue to deliver meaningful growth. Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our dividend increase and operating performance in more detail.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you, Ed. I am pleased with our solid performance this quarter, which exceeded our expectations. Our Latin America hotels were the best performing hotels in the quarter with an impressive constant currency RevPAR increase of 40%, as our JW Marriott Rio that benefited from the World Cup and our JW Marriott Mexico City benefited from the completion of its renovation. A few hotels combined to grow RevPAR 53% in the second quarter. More specifically, June RevPAR at the JW Marriott Rio increased 182% to over $790. The World Cup continued to boost RevPAR in Brazil through mid-July, with strength in Rio and Mexico City's post renovation lift, we expect our hotels in Latin America to outperform the portfolio in the third quarter. As expected, the West Coast was once again the strongest performing domestic region with RevPAR growth of 7.1% for the quarter. The increase in RevPAR was driven primarily by average rate, which grew nearly 7%. The San Francisco market continued to lead our West Coast market, with RevPAR growth 12.4% for the quarter. This was predominantly driven by an ADR increase of 11.3%, as our properties have benefited from the positive mix shift from lower rated special corporate and contract business to higher-rated transient and group. We expect our hotels in San Francisco to continue to outperform the portfolio in the third quarter. Seattle and Phoenix both had a great quarter with RevPAR growth of approximately 9.5% in each market. Our Seattle hotels increased ADR by 8.8% by positively shifting the mix from lower rated contract business to higher-rated transient business. Our Phoenix hotels RevPAR growth was driven by both occupancy and ADR gains. Our hotels in Phoenix had strong weekday group business which enabled the hotels to drive better transient mix. For the third quarter, we expect our hotels in San Francisco to continue to outperform the portfolio with a strong group phase and continued positive mix shift. And our Phoenix hotels should perform inline with the portfolio with good group and leisure demand. Our hotels in Denver exceeded our expectations with a RevPAR increase of 7.5% for the quarter driven by strong business transient demand which translated into transient ADR gains. Based on the strong group business on the books for the hotels in Denver, we expect these properties to outperform in the third quarter. The Hawaii market underperformed in the quarter, with RevPAR growth of 2.9%, due to the negative impact of the timeshare construction next into the Hyatt Maui hotel. With stronger group activity and projected increase arrivals to Maui, we anticipate the performance of the hotels in Hawaii to improve in the third quarter. Generally, we expect our West Coast properties to continue to be our best performing markets in the third quarter. As expected, Florida was the bright spot for the southern region. And our Florida hotels benefited from the Easter shift with RevPAR growing 16.5% in April, and 13.5% for the quarter. Since the summer months typically not strong months in Florida we expect our Florida hotels to perform inline with our portfolio in the third quarter. Houston RevPAR grew only 2% in the quarter, as hotels lost 2.3 percentage points in occupancy while growing ADR by 5.1%. The occupancy loss was due both to a difficult comparison at the JW Marriott in Houston and attrition related to city-wide conferences. Due to the lack of city-wide events for the remainder of the year, and our planned renovations at the JW Marriott Houston and Houston Airport Marriott in the fourth quarter, we expect the Houston market to underperform the portfolio for the rest of the year. Atlanta and Chicago both reported declines in RevPAR of 0.5% and 1.8% respectively. Atlanta experienced a difficult comp with the NCAA Final Four in April of 2013, while Chicago had a weak city-wide calendar when compared to last year. In fact, June 2013 was a record month with five city-wides, those events did not repeat this year which resulted in the RevPAR declined for the Chicago hotels. We expect improvements in the third quarter for both Atlanta and Chicago, as city-wides for both markets improve. RevPAR in Boston increased 7.8%, driven by an average rate growth of 8.3%. Our properties in Boston were able to shift from group to transient business and raise the average rate. With reduced activity at the Heinz Convention Center, we expect our Boston hotels to underperform the portfolio in the third quarter. RevPAR in New York grew 5.5% exceeding our forecast with better an expected occupancy, offsetting weaker average rate growth. A strong May drove the quarter's group volume increase of 13.8% and contributed to the 8.5% improvement in food and beverage revenues for the quarter. Despite the strong group business in New York, supply growth in the market hampered our ability to increase transit rates. We expect the New York market to experience similar growth in the second half of the year as the first half of this year. Washington DC and Philadelphia RevPAR declined 2.4% and 2.7% respectively for the quarter. The decline in Philadelphia was related to the loss of group room nights due to a decrease in city-wide events in the second quarter. As expected our hotels in Washington DC are having a challenging year. The majority of our hotels experienced ADR decline versus last year with the entire deficit in group ADR. For the quarter, group room nights were down 9.2% compared with last year. For our DC hotels were able to replace the loss in group nights with transient and contract rooms, we have done so at lower rates. We expect Washington DC hotels will continue to lag in the third quarter. The comparable hotels RevPAR for the European joint venture increased 0.6% for the quarter and 1.5% year-to-date and constant Euros. F&B revenues grew 2.5% for the quarter and 5.7% year-to-date, the strong banquet revenue growth of 7.2% in the quarter and 12.3% year-to-date. We continue to be impressed with our European hotels ability to increase food and beverage revenues as well as controlled costs and to drive EBITDA growth. EBITDA grew 3% in the quarter and 4.5% year-to-date. International travel from the U.S. and other parts of the world for both leisure and business travel should have a positive impact on the rest of the year. We expect the second half RevPAR to significantly outperform the first half of the year. During the second quarter, we refinanced the loan secured by three properties in Brussels at a very attractive initial all-in rate of 2% and extended and extended the maturity to 2019. Comparable hotels adjusted operating profit margin expansion of 60 basis points in the quarter and 80 basis points year-to-date. Lackluster group performance due to the Easter holiday shift in the second quarter resulted in a slight increase in comparable food and beverage revenues and modest margin growth. However, our second quarter results were anticipated and do not represent a trend going forward as we had indicated that full year comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin growth is expected to be over a 100 basis points. Based on RevPAR growth that is driven by stronger ADR growth, easier comparisons for certain room expenses, and decreases in our insurance, utilities and repairs and maintenance expenses, we expect to achieve a full year margin forecast of 100 to 130 basis points which will result in second half margin growth well in excess of the first half. We anticipate 22% of our full-year EBITDA will be earned in the third quarter. During the quarter, we amended and extended our existing credit facility. The borrowing capacity on the credit facility remains the same. Under the amendment the maturity was extended to 2019, including extension and we reduced pricing by 30 basis on the revolver and 32.5 basis point on the term loan. U.S. dollar denominated revolver borrowing today would result in an initial all-in rate of 1.35%. At this time, we have approximately $220 million outstanding under the revolver and $500 million under the term loan. Based on our outlook for the industry and our operating performance, we have determined that we can sustain a meaningful dividend increase. Therefore, our Board approved a 33% dividend increase to $0.20 for the third quarter.  Given our strong extended operating outlook and significant amount of free cash flow, we anticipate this will be the dividend for at least the next several quarters. In addition, to ensure that a dividend represents 100% of our taxable income including gains from potential asset sales, we may need to pay a special dividend at the end of the year. Finally, as we have indicated previously while we intend to use available cash predominantly for acquisitions or other investments in our portfolio to the extent that we are unable to find appropriate investment, we may elect in the future to use available cash for other uses such as a special dividend, which would be in excess of taxable income. In summary, we are excited to have the best balance sheet in the history of the Company. And we are in a remarkable position with all options open to us as we progress through the cycle. We will continue to assess the best use of our free cash flow and ensure that we are focusing on creating value for our shareholders. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) and we will take our first quarter from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley  UBS Investment Bank: Great. Thanks. Looking at your North American RevPAR performance and just kind of looking at the FTR data, there is a couple hundred basis points of difference. And I wonder if you could address that and it may just have to do with the comp set. You're seeing a same-store comp set and SCR is not seeing a same-store comp set. And if that's the case I wonder if you could kind of characterize your RevPAR increase in  using the same kind of non-comp set, just to give us a sense of how it's tracking versus the overall US number?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think that certainly is a question or your question is one thats been highlighted on some of the other calls and I think that this particular last quarter, the differences between say the top markets, the top 19 or 20 markets in the country and the rest of the industry as a whole, that gap has expanded a little bit from a performance perspective. I think what you're seeing is a variety of things. I think number one is I think right now secondary markets have, in the last couple of quarters have performed better, compared to some of the leading markets. I think that may just be a natural evolution of the lodging cycle. I think that we also are seeing that in this most recent quarter, the fact that the leisure segment was probably a bit stronger, in part because of the shift of the Easter holiday and the fact that our economy is growing at a better rate, ultimately led to some increased leisure travel, but it showed up significantly in some of the lower price points. As we look at how we are performing compared to our comps and compared to our markets and leaving out some of the hotels that  including in our portfolio that might have had significant work done to them last year and so this year are benefiting from a big move in terms of RevPAR growth and you can see that in our results in some of our non-comp hotels had double-digit growth. The reality is that we are running  for the full year we're running slightly ahead of our comp set in terms of yield index. So we are pleased to see that we picking up share.
Robin M. Farley  UBS Investment Bank: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And just my other question is, in your opening remarks you mentioned your guidance does not assume any additional acquisitions between now and the end of the year. And I wonder if you could just give color on is that due to the transaction market or to kind of a change in your approach to being a net acquirer this year?
W. Edward Walter: No I think its just reflective of the fact that we havent  you know we dont have anything to announce at this point in time. We do what I view as a reasonably active pipeline. And frankly I would be surprised if we didn't complete a few acquisitions before year end, but since the timing of those is not completely set and they are not done yet, we didnt want to try to adjust our guidance to reflect the fact that we might be acquiring an asset. I think in terms of how the year is going to play out, we still feel good enough about the overall length of the cycle that we would love to be an investor, but we're disciplined about this. And if we can't get the returns that we want from the acquisition then we won't be completing those acquisitions.
Robin M. Farley  UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Kevin J. Varin  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Hi. This is Kevin Varin with Michael. Just carrying along with the acquisition pipeline, can you just give us a little bit more color on the pipeline and what you're kind of looking at the time? Because I know you've alluded to in the past that you've weighed international expansion. Just based on what we're seeing in the transaction market, is the pipeline skewed more U.S. or international?
W. Edward Walter: Its still a mix, its still a mix and I think we are seeing decent activity in Europe. You're seeing both banks and certain funds look to begin to liquidate some assets in Europe. So we are certainly looking at a couple of opportunities there. We are also looking at a number of opportunities across both, what I call the higher end of select service segment and the full service segment in the U.S. Activity in Asia has been much quieter of late and so there is nothing  I wouldnt say there is anything imminent in Asia today.
Kevin J. Varin  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. And then just turning to asset sales. Can you go into more detail on the potential timing of the sales? Is it more backend loaded more in 4Q or is this something that can transpire in the next couple months?
W. Edward Walter: Its really hard to say. I think that its really  the reality is we have a number of hotels that are now. So I would be expecting that we closings throughout, really the fall and into the early winter.
Kevin J. Varin  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And well take our next question from Wesley Golladay from RBC Capital Markets.
Wesley K. Golladay  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Good morning, everyone. Looking at the group business, can you give us a little more color on that? And are you starting to see the increase in lead time for booking events? And when do you think you'll get more pricing power on the rate side. It looks like you had 2.5% for the first half and I imagine some of that's due to mix shift.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, youre right about that. We have been consistently seeing here now for the last year a pretty significant bump in corporate business and that has certainly happened throughout the second quarter and has happened throughout the year as I mentioned in my comments. So as overall as we step back and look at our group business, we were quite pleased with the level of booking activity that transpired in the second quarter. Our room nights that were booked in the quarter for the quarter were up about 9% and as I mentioned in my comments, our room nights for the rest of 2014  our room nights were up about 5% for the rest of 2014 and our revenues were up 14%. The rate growth for the rooms that were booked during the second quarter for the rest of the year in 2014 was up 18.5%. So the bookings that were getting done now are considerably higher rates than the business that we would have booked last year. Now, obviously our rate in itself in our group business is not going to go up anywhere near 8% because we obviously have a number of  the bulk of our rooms are already on the books. But I have to say we have been quite encouraged by the booking pace that we have been seeing.
Wesley K. Golladay  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Can you give us an update on what you have for 2015 on the books? How much of those higher ADR group might flow into next year?
W. Edward Walter: I think that the answer is it still a little unclear as to how  exactly how that's going to play out for 2015  first half of 2015 looks quite good on both the rate and the occupancy side. I think as you look at the second half of 2015 which his obviously much further out. We are not showing is bigger than increase in room nights yet. And that also the rate growth there is still a little lower too. 
Wesley K. Golladay  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay thanks for taking the question.
Operator: And well take our next question from Andrew Didora with Bank of America.
Andrew G. Didora  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Ed, I guess I'll follow-up on your potential acquisitions. We've been noticing a nice pickup over the last several quarters just in terms of overall pricing out there in the transaction market. Can you maybe give us a sense of, in terms of the opportunities you are looking at, what kinds of discounts to replacement cost you're seeing now? And maybe how this could compare to what you guys were seeing at the last cycle, say I kind of the 2005, 2006 timeframe?
W. Edward Walter: You really want me to open up my memory banks to try to remember exactly where it was back then. I think the answer on that varies so widely by market that it would be hard to really give you a realistic number, in terms of where things are trading compared to replacement costs. I would generally say that in most markets, if you're looking at full-service product, it is still better to be a buyer than a developer, which would generally tell you that you're at a point where assets are still trading at discounts to replacement cost. Certain of the markets that have had stronger recoveries, some of the West Coast markets and probably  and maybe Miami  have started to show pricing that's beginning to approach replacement cost. But I'd still say it falls shy  or falls short of actually getting to that. If I were trying to compare more generally the market today versus 2006 and 2007, I would agree with the general sentiment that pricing has gotten stronger in 2014. I think it's following a normal pattern, which is the further you work your way into the cycle the strong pricing tends to become. I would not say that we are yet at the levels of 2006 and early 2007. Where, at that point in time, we were finding that as we would evaluate acquisitions, the prices that others were prepared to pay routinely 15% to 20% ahead of what we saw was reasonable. And certainly there are occasions where that happens right now, but I'd say the market today  it's certainly more rational than it was back then.
Andrew G. Didora  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. That's helpful. And then my second question just relates to, in your prepared remarks you talked about how your occupancy levels are now at, or slightly above, prior peak. Could you maybe just remind us what your prior peak EBITDA was on your portfolio as it stands right now? And do you see any impediments to maybe getting back to those levels this cycle?
W. Edward Walter: Greg you have that number?
Gregory J. Larson: Yeah, if you go back 2007, our peak EBITDA was  call it $1.48 billion, so it was close to $1.5 billion and obviously Andrew weve acquired  quite a few hotels since then and we sold some hotels as well. So I would thats not really a comparable number. But that's where our peak EBITDA was back then.
Andrew G. Didora  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. I guess I was asking what peak EBITDA was on your current portfolio. If you had owned your current assets back in 2007.
W. Edward Walter: Andrew I think we are going to need to get back to you on that number. I just dont think we have right now.
Andrew G. Didora  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thats it for me. Thanks.
Operator: And well take our next question from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony F. Powell  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Could you update us on our your F&B spend per group night trended in the second quarter versus the first quarter? And how do you expect that to trend for the rest of the year?
W. Edward Walter: It was up strongly in the first quarter. It was about flat in the second quarter. I think as we look at the second half of the year, we are expecting it to be up reasonably well in the third quarter. Its hard to tell on the fourth quarter right now because the lot of the F&B spending doesnt get pen down until relatively shortly before the events going to happen. Most of the growth we are seeing right now is in corporate F&B and the pattern that we are hearing is the top to the hotels about how the F&B part of the booking occurs, is that they typically booked sign the contracted one level, but then as they get closer to when the event actually occur, they then finalize exactly how big of F&B program we are going to see. So we have generally been seeing corporations making the decision to spend a bit more on food and beverage once theyre having the event. And so well have  thats I feel relatively confident to spending in the third quarter should be fairly strong. A little harder to predict whats going to happen in the fourth quarter.
Anthony F. Powell  Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you. My second question is, you mentioned that there were some upscale full-service hotels in your pipeline. Given some of the RevPAR strength was on the second quarter, how much of a priority is it for you to increase your exposure there? Thank you.
W. Edward Walter: I dont know that for us right now investing is really just assumption of expanding our presence in our target markets if we find investments that achieve reasonable premium to our cost of capital. And I think as we look at the various opportunities that we reviewed where comfortable buying full service hotel  upper upscale hotels and upscale hotels. I think just by virtue of the fact that upscale hotels tend to be smaller that as you look out over our  look at the way our portfolio was structure over the next couple of years. You are not going to see a meaningful increase in an overall context in terms of the representation of upscale hotel, but weve had good success with ones that weve acquired so far. And we certainly are open within our designated markets to acquiring more.
Operator: And well take our next question from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Anto M. Savarirajan  Goldman Sachs & Co: Hi. Good morning. This is Anto Savarirajan on for Steve Kent. First question on the European JV portfolio. RevPAR of 60 basis points for those 18 hotels. Can you provide us some color as to what you're seeing there? And how that 60 basis points compares to what others are seeing there in the market? And if there is any major topic that we need to be aware of? And again, when you say the second half should outperform the first half, what are the factors driving that?
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I think what we have seen in Europe, for the first half of the year is somewhat similar to what we have seen in the U.S. Where we've noticed, especially in Spain and in the United Kingdom that the major urban centers that under performed some of the regional and the resort markets. I think they're for different reasons. I think a number of Europeans have been traveling inside of Europe instead of outside of Europe this spring. In part because some of the turmoil in the world. And so as a result, the Spanish resorts did quite well and the Spanish resort markets outperformed the Spanish urban centers. In the UK, I just think you saw an increase in regional activity, but some of that is a function of that in comparison to London that had a much bigger opportunity to grow. I think the fact that we were  our numbers were weaker in Europe is somewhat of a combination of both of those factors as well as some  sort of just the ebbs and flows of our business. There were a number of big events, whether it's the celebrations that happened in Venice or the air show that moved Paris, I think to London, this year. A couple of big group events that had happened in Amsterdam in 2013. They did not repeat on a year-over-year basis, and so unfortunately what that meant was that RevPAR growth in Europe and our portfolio was weaker. As Greg mentioned, we did have good solid food and beverage growth. And we were very pleased with the level of flow-through that we are able to achieve given our revenue increase. So all in all, we were happy with where the EBITDA came out, but a little disappointed with what the top line growth was. I think the second half of the year, some of those trends reverse. There are some markets that are picking up some group business, so that should be a favorable plus. And all in all, the sense that the hotels have  of Americans and others traveling to U.S. given some of the challenges and some of the other source locations around the world, they felt that their bookings for the summer and into the early fall are quite solid. Hence the sense that we have that RevPAR growth and revenue growth in general would be quite strong  but quite a bit stronger in the second half.
Anto M. Savarirajan  Goldman Sachs & Co:  Got it. Thank you. The second question is, some of your key markets are already running occupancies in the high 70s to low 80s. And we get the reference when you say most of the gains in RevPAR should come from rate. If there is any occupancy gain to be had, how should that look and where can that come from?
W. Edward Walter:  I think that there certainly is still room for additional occupancy gain. But I think you're right in your general sense that most of RevPAR growth will come from rate increases as opposed to further occupancy increases. If you look across our portfolio, there's still room  the middle of the week we are running at very high 80%, almost 90% occupancy. So, the middle of the week is really about driving rate, which is great, because as we all know that flows through to the bottom line better. There's still room to drive occupancy on a Friday night or on a Sunday night to the extent that you can move group activity to those nights. And in general, as long as we continue to have the situation we have, which is demand is growing quicker than supply, ultimately that means occupancies countrywide have to go up. And I suspect it will be a benefit of that. But as consistent with what we've described, we generally think the bulk of our RevPAR growth going forward is going to happen generally through rate growth and not occupancy growth.
Anto M. Savarirajan  Goldman Sachs & Co: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator:  And, well take our next question from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: 
 :
W. Edward Walter:  Yes. It looks like this year we will probably end up in the low 50% range in terms of the number of hotels that pay incentive management fees. Our expected increase in incentive management fees this year is actually not particularly great. I think were generally looking at flat. A lot of that really stems from the fact that we have renegotiated a few of our contracts with our operators and achieved, for particular hotels, the meaningful reductions in incentive management fees. So the others are going up and there some more hotels that are paying it, but that's than offset by our negotiations. As we look out past that, I think we generally would expect that we would see historical levels of increases in IMF in 2015 and 2016. But nothing  I don't know that we'll continue to see that 50% grow. And I dont know that I necessarily have a sense as to what that looks like in say 2015 or 2016. But I suspect we'll start to approach the prior peak again in terms of the number of hotels that are paying incentive management fees.
Thomas G. Allen  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: 
cute, :
W. Edward Walter: I dont know that there's any particular reason for why  to be honest I haven't looked at our guidance in comparison to theirs, so it's hard for me to be articulate about that type of comparison. I think that we are very happy with the way the first half of the year came out. Our RevPAR results, both domestically and internationally, have come in better than what we expected at the beginning of the year. When we look at the second half of the year, we feel fairly encouraged by the trends that we're looking at. And are essentially comfortable in really taking our RevPAR guidance from what  to the high end  the midpoint today is the high end of where we were at the last quarter. So I think you should view that as a general endorsement of the fact that we think things are going quite well. We feel encouraged on both the group and the transient side. We're looking forward to the second half of the year.
Gregory J. Larson:  I agree. And I think if you just look at the quarter results. I know some people, some analysts talked about Marriott producing 6% of RevPAR. But, if you look at their upper upscale luxury properties, I think they reported 4.4% growth in RevPAR, which was comparable to our RevPAR growth for our domestic hotels at 4.5%. And if you include are non-comp hotels  our growth was closer to 5%.
Thomas G. Allen  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And, well go next to Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co.:  Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. And it's been a busy earnings morning. So if you have already talked about  answered my questions I apologize. But Ed, with regard to your assumption of selling an asset for $200 million in the fall, which I think you referenced, how much EBITDA is coming out in the fourth quarter or in the back half of the year related to that asset sale? And then how much EBITDA have you recognized year to date and through the date of close of that asset as well?
W. Edward Walter:  Joe, I think that in round numbers, we've assumed about $4 million of EBITDA for that asset. We're thinking of it as an asset, but again I want to sort of caution everyone that we are marketing a number of hotels. So what we've essentially done is put about a $4 million deduction in our numbers to reflect the fact that we expect a number of sales to occur. In round numbers, probably the EBITDA benefit from that for the first part of the year is probably in that 10% to 12% range. Whether it's an individual hotels or it's a combination of hotels.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co.:  Great. And then you referenced in the press release, explaining the year-over-year performance in adjusted EBITDA. Among those things you talked about cost, primarily selling expenses, associated with the timeshare in Maui. Can you quantify that for us? And do we expect that going forward?
Gregory J. Larson:  Yes. Joe, I talked about it before, we are expecting to have expenses each quarter leading up to the fourth quarter. And then when we open the timeshare in the fourth quarter, we'll actually be able to recognize the revenues. And so when we think about the full year, we are looking for around $11 million or so of EBITDA from the timeshare. But I guess our point here is that, when we look at expenses for the second quarter of this year, we had timeshare expenses this year, but if you looked at our second quarter and the prior year we didn't have timeshare expenses. So that was one delta, sort of comparing our adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter this year to the second quarter of last year. Obviously the other two big differences  one was the sale of some of our assets, including the Philadelphia Convention Center. Obviously, a lot of EBITDA in the second quarter of last year are not in our results this year. And then last in the second quarter of last year we also sold some tennis courts at the Newport Beach Marriott for approximately $21 million. So that was in our EBITDA last year and not this year.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co.:  Okay.
Operator:  And, well take our next question from Ryan Meliker with MLV & Co.
Ryan Meliker  MLV & Co LLC:  Hey. Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered, as well. But I was just hoping you could give us some color with regards to the acquisition environment. Obviously, we keep hearing that private equity is very active, leverage levels, seem to be back  kind of approaching where they were in 2006, 2007 when you guys were net sellers, more than net buyers. You've been pretty disciplined with your capital in terms of acquisitions over the past, call it, two years or so. How are you able to find opportunities that might be appealing in the back half of the year, as you mentioned? Is there something different? Are these repositionings, renovations? Help me understand what is going on there. Thanks.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I don't  I think it's  what you generally described is correct and there's no doubt that the environment as, net capital has become more available, theres no doubt that the overall environment has become more competitive. We are certainly trying to take advantage of that on the sales side, especially trying to sell assets that are in markets that are not core, from our perspective, for our future, as a way of really benefiting from the strengths and the liquidity in the market. Obviously, as you correctly analyzed, when you have those sorts of conditions, it's much more difficult to be an acquirer. I think what it just comes down to is, we're looking for opportunities where we can create value at this point. And so some of these transactions  you look at the Powell Street transaction that we did in San Francisco the Powell Hotel and that's an opportunity where we are going to invest meaningful capital in the building to try and create something new and different that we expect will be quite successful at a very attractive price. Some of the opportunities that we are looking at other places involve a change in operator or a change in brand. And so with that, with that new approach to a hotel there's an opportunity to generate better returns, than where the hotel is current  what the hotel is currently providing. And that allows it to satisfy our yield requirements.
Ryan Meliker  MLV & Co LLC:  Ed, that makes a ton of sense. I guess when you think about whether it be a repositioning or some type of alteration. Are you looking at anything that's going to be materially lengthy, where it might take two years to get the massive renovation? Or it may take two years before you get the returns that you are looking for? Or are you more focused on things like you just mentioned were it's a simple rebranding or change in operator where you think things are being left on the table?
W. Edward Walter: If I were to look at today's pipeline, I would say that we're probably focused  the couple that would fall into that category are probably more near-term than long-term conversion opportunities. But that doesn't mean we wouldn't look at things that would take longer, I would just say that what we happen to be looking at today tends to be more near-term. And then of course we have a few opportunities within our portfolio, like the Four Seasons in Philadelphia where there's going to be an opportunity to reposition that asset. That will probably by its nature take a bit longer.
Ryan Meliker  MLV & Co LLC:  That make sense. And then lastly, the economy, albeit slowly, seems to be improving in Europe. Are you guys getting more acquisitive overseas with your joint venture partner? It certainly seems like there's a lot more hotels hitting the market that might be of institutional quality today than there were a year ago.
W. Edward Walter: I think you're right in that assessment. Weve certainly seen a pickup in activity in Europe. And both we and our partners are certainly interested in looking at everything and then trying to decide which ones make the most sense. But we have  I think you're right in your assessment that there has a pickup in activity there and I will be disappointed if we don't get some transactions done in Europe in the second half of the year.
Ryan Meliker  MLV & Co LLC:  All right. That's helpful. That's all for me. Thanks a lot, Ed.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And, well take our next question from Patrick Scholes with SunTrust.
C. Patrick Scholes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Hi. Good morning. Just two questions here. You briefly touched on your Hawaii project. I'm wondering what are your full EBITDA expectations from that project?
W. Edward Walter: Well, I think as Greg noted, we are expecting this year to generate about $11 million in EBITDA at the end  by the end of the year. All of which will ultimately show itself in our fourth-quarter numbers.
C. Patrick Scholes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Okay. But how  I mean over the life of the project, what are your ballpark expectations for EBITDA?
W. Edward Walter: I don't think that we have disclosed anything on that. And so I'd rather differ on trying to give an overall sense of that project.
C. Patrick Scholes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then just a quick modeling question. From $200 million of asset sales, ballpark how many rooms?
W. Edward Walter: You know what, I can't really give you a good number on that, because the reality is think about it  if it's a more expensive hotels, then it's not going to be as many rooms. If it's a combination of some older hotels that are at lower RevPAR levels, it'll be a lot more rooms. So unfortunately I don't think I can give you a really useful number for that.
C. Patrick Scholes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. No problem. Thank you anyway.
W. Edward Walter: All right, thanks.
Operator:  And, well take our next question from Smedes Rose with Evercore.
Smedes Rose  Evercore Partners Inc.:  Hi. Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk about any of sort of large redevelopment or ROI projects that you have in your pipeline now, I guess, into next year? And as you think about spending $65 million to $75 million this year, would you expect that to kind of move up or down meaningfully next year in either direction due to those projects?
W. Edward Walter: Smedes I would guess I mean we're looking at a number of projects. We talked about. We talked about the Houston Airport total renovation or redevelopment or before. We have the ballroom in San Diego, so that which is a considerable project that probably well run in the $90 million to $95 million. And that starts construction at the end of this year. We have a couple of other hotels that we are expecting to invest a fair amount of capital in, because they are appear to be some opportunities to redevelop those too, both out in the western part of the country. So I would guess today we are about to go  your question about a week early because we are about to review our entire capital budget next week  our capital budget for 2015  next week. But I'm guessing our ROI expenditures for next year will probably go up slightly.
Smedes Rose  Evercore Partners Inc.:  Okay. Thanks. And then just curious about your view on the DC market over the next couple of years, what you guys are seeing? And is the new hotel and convention center, kind of doing  I guess  what the convention center had hoped?
W. Edward Walter: I think the answer is so far, when you look at the bookings  the bookings for 2015 are modestly better. The bookings for 2016 are considerably better. The last time I looked the bookings for 2017 were looking quite good. And so I think the answer is the conventions  the new hotel is helping Washington to grow its convention center business. I have been quite encouraged by some of the more recent employment data that I have seen, which has suggested that job growth has started to return to the Washington area. And I'm generally very encouraged by just watching how the city is transforming itself over the course of the last, call it, 10 to 15 years. Where it really  Washington has become quite a different city from  the city that I remember when I first came down here in the late 70s. So, I think that the one negative, and it's a big one for Washington, continues to be what's been happening with the government. The combination both on the political side, the lack of activity on the Hill has to some degree stunted some business transient travel that we might normally have seen.
 : So as an opportunity to create value and generate value, we still are pretty optimistic about Washington. But it will certainly  we're looking forward to getting that period of time our convention business starts to pick up again. And then hopefully at some stage here, we start to see  were seeing a little bit more broader growth than what we've experienced the last couple of years.
Smedes Rose  Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator:  And, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, Ill like to turn the call back to Mr. Walter for any closing or additional remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight into the remainder of 2004 on our third quarter call in the fall. Have a great day. Enjoy the rest to your summer. Thanks.
Operator:  And again, that does conclude todays conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gregory J. Larson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy
Analysts: Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Kevin Varin Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Research Division Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Charles Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Jessica. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Host Hotels & Resorts' first quarter 2014 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2014. Greg will then provide greater detail on our first quarter performance by markets and our balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. Before I get started, I'd just like to say that we appreciate this opportunity to see many of you in our Investor Day 3 weeks ago, as we shared our insights on the industry and, hopefully, provided you with a better understanding of both our company and our management team. So in terms of the first quarter, we are pleased to report that 2014 is off to a strong start with another quarter of outstanding results for the company. Consistent with our commentary on the year-end call in February, hotel demand continues to grow, particularly in our group business, allowing us to drive rates across all segments. In addition, the solid group demand we experienced this quarter drove exceptional growth in food and beverage. We continue to feel good about industry fundamentals that contribute to our improved outlook for the remainder of the year, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. First, let's review our results for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $308 million, which reflected an increase of 8.8% over last year. Our first quarter adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.33, which exceeded consensus estimates and reflects an 18% increase over last year. These strong results were driven by several factors. First, RevPAR for our comparable hotels on a constant-currency basis increased 6.8% for the quarter, as our hotels benefited from strong rate growth and an occupancy increase of 1.5 percentage points. Our group business was exceptionally strong as our group revenues increased by 11%, as demand increased by more than 6% and average rate improved by nearly 4.5%. All segments of our group business benefited from rate increases, and our corporate demand was up by more than 10%. While the calendar change of Easter to April clearly boosted group activity, we saw a solid demand improvement throughout the quarter. Given the strong increase in group activity, our transient room nights were essentially flat to 2013. But we experienced overall rate growth of 3.5%, driven by both rate increases and positive mix shift, especially in our higher-priced segments. Transient revenues increased by 3.3% for the quarter. Second, the surge in group activity translated to a 13.5% increase in our banquet and audiovisual business, which is our largest quarterly increase during the entire recovery. Banquet revenue per group room night jumped by more than 5%, suggesting that at least for this quarter, groups were willing to spend more. In total, we generated a 9.5% increase in comparable food and beverage revenues, also our best performance in more than a decade. Catering activity was exceptionally strong in New York, driven primarily by the Super Bowl, as well as in a number of our West Coast hotels. The combination of strong rate and RevPAR growth, plus exceptional food and beverage activity on flow-through, led to comparable adjusted operating profit margin expansion of 120 basis points and comparable hotel adjusted operating profit growth of 12.5%, which exceeded our expectations. We also experienced very strong performance in our noncomparable hotels, especially our 2 large Florida assets in Naples and Orlando, where RevPAR growth exceeded 10% and EBITDA growth exceeded 35%, as we benefited from both the strong demand and capital investments made over the last year. After a busy period completing a series of transactions at the end of the year, some of which extended into Q1, our activity has been relatively light since our last call. Our investment activity in the first quarter included the purchase of the previously announced Powell Hotel in San Francisco for $75 million. We invested $6 million in ROI CapEx as we completed the expansion of the Willow Stream Spa at The Fairmont Kea Lani in Maui. We also invested $5 million in a series of energy conservation project and the repositioning of the Cast & Plow Restaurant at The Ritz-Carlton, Marina del Rey. Finally, we invested more than $13 million in the Novotel, ibis in [indiscernible], Brazil and our Maui timeshare community as both of these projects continue to be on schedule and on budget. Today, these projects represent a total investment to date of approximately $105 million. Looking forward, while we have a few assets currently on the market for sale and continue to pursue acquisitions, given the difficulty in predicting the timing of completing these transactions, our guidance does not assume the benefit of any transactions other than the ones we have already closed. Now let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for the remainder of 2014, as there are a number of factors that keep us optimistic about future results. First, demand growth throughout the U.S. should continue to be strong, as key economic factors of GDP growth and business investments trend positively through the full year and international travel continues to demonstrate robust growth. With the exception of the New York market, we continue to see supply to be constrained, especially in the upper price points. Overall, we expect average supply growth of less than 1% in our primary markets, excluding New York in 2014. Overall, occupancy in the portfolio is ahead of our 2007 peak, suggesting that our hotels should be able to drive rate growth over the next several quarters. We expect group demand to remain strong throughout the remainder of the year. While second quarter group activity will be lower, primarily because of the year-over-year Easter holiday shift, our booking pace for 2014 continues to be quite strong as revenues are up 5.5% compared to last year. We were also pleased to see that room night bookings in the first quarter for the remainder of the year exceeded last year's pace by more than 4%, with bookings for the month after April up nearly 10%. With roughly 85% of our full year expected group bookings on the books, we expect -- we feel confident about our group business for this year. The combination of a great first quarter and solid group trend suggest that banquet activity will continue to be strong, other than in the second quarter, leading to improved F&B growth and profitability, which will help increase margins. With all these in mind, we continue to expect that our comparable hotel RevPAR growth for the year will be between 5% to 6%, but we expect comparable food and beverage revenue to increase 4% to 5%, which is a full point above our prior estimate of a 3% to 4% increase. On the margin side, given expected rate growth and positive group demand at our first quarter results, we believe we can drive incremental profitability and strong flow-through. As a result, we are increasing our adjusted margin guidance to 70 to 120 basis points for the full year. Based on those improved operating assumption, we are increasing our adjusted EBITDA guidance by $10 million to $1.360 billion to $1.4 billion and our adjusted FFO per share for the year to $1.41 to $1.46. In summary, we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and remain confident about our outlook for the remainder of 2014. Based on our expectations for industry fundamentals, including a supply growth forecast that remains below historical averages, we continue to believe that the current growth cycle in lodging will be sustained. Our portfolio is well-positioned to benefit from continued improvement in the economy, particularly given the significant investments we have made in our assets in the form of maintenance capital expenditures and ROI and repositioning investment. Thank you, and now let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you, Ed. We are very excited about another impressive quarter. Our overall strong performance was predominantly driven by the outperformance of our properties on the West Coast, which increased the RevPAR by nearly 14%. This was achieved with a 4.5 percentage point increase in occupancy and a 7.2% growth in average rate. Our San Francisco, Denver, Seattle and San Diego hotels all achieved high-double-digit RevPAR growth. The outstanding results were due to robust market demand and a benefit for renovation activity at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis in the prior year. Our 5 hotels in the San Francisco market grew RevPAR by over 25%, outperforming the STAR upper upscale market RevPAR by 10 percentage points. Group and transient room nights increased 16% and 8.5%, respectively, while contract room nights decreased over 30%. This mix shift allowed the properties to drive ADR, and ADR increased in all segments by almost 16% in the quarter. We expect our hotels in the San Francisco market to continue to outperform the portfolio for the rest of the year. The hotels in Denver grew RevPAR in the quarter by 19.3%, benefiting from excellent city-wide, which allowed the properties to shift transient to higher-rated segments. The Seattle hotels increased RevPAR by 18.5%, driven equally by occupancy and ADR gains. The increase in RevPAR for these hotels exceeded the STAR upper upscale market RevPAR by 7 percentage points. The Seattle hotels also have an impressive food and beverage revenue increase of 31%. The restaurant renovation at the Westin Seattle and the leading space renovation at the W Seattle Hotel contributed to the outstanding growth in food and beverage revenues. The San Diego hotels' RevPAR increase of approximately 16% exceeded the STAR upper upscale market RevPAR by almost 6 percentage points. The strong results were due to the completion of the rooms renovation at the Manchester Grand Hyatt and the San Diego Marriott Mission Valley hotels. In addition, the solid group pace of these hotels allowed the managers to drive transient ADR. For the full year, we expect the RevPAR at our San Diego hotels to outperform the portfolio, but not to the extent that the first quarter outperformance and RevPAR will be negatively impacted by the meeting space renovation scheduled at the Hyatt for the fourth quarter this year. For the full year, we expect the West Coast properties to continue to outperform, particularly in San Francisco, Seattle, Phoenix and Hawaii. RevPAR growth in our central and south locations, while only 2.5%, was better than our expectations for the quarter. The anticipated weak first quarter convention calendar, combined with the unexpected winter weather, impacted Chicago hotels where RevPAR declined 2.8%. Four of the hotels with a combined RevPAR increase of 4.6% had fewer vacation travelers due to the Easter holiday shift. We expect these hotels to show improved results in April. Our comparable results for Florida exclude our 2 large assets, the Orlando World Center Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton, Naples. RevPAR on a combined basis at these 2 noncomparable hotels increased over 11% in the first quarter. Including these 2 assets, RevPAR increased almost 7.5% in the quarter. In the central and south locations, we expect RevPAR growth to exceed that of the first quarter results and perform in line with the portfolio, with the exception of the JW Marriott Houston and the Houston Airport Marriott hotels, which will be negatively impacted by the extensive room renovation and repositioning efforts scheduled to begin in the second half of 2014. Our properties on the East Coast underperformed our portfolio in the first quarter with a RevPAR increase of 2.6%. Hotels in Boston had a RevPAR decline of 2.7%, while Washington, D.C. was relatively flat to last year. New York hotels' RevPAR increased 4.2% and exceeded the STAR upper upscale market result of 0.1%. The 2.7% RevPAR decline at our Boston hotels was attributable to a room's renovation at 2 of our 5 hotels. The Sheraton Boston's room renovation began in December and was completed in that April. And the Westin Auckland completed its room renovation in March. Excluding these 2 hotels, the other hotels' RevPAR increased 5.6%. Our D.C. hotels' RevPAR was relatively flat. It was negatively impacted by the 2013 inauguration. In addition, the Hyatt Westville [ph] Hotel was under renovation in the first quarter of this year. We expect that our D.C. hotels will remain challenged in 2014 due to the opening of the Marriott Marquis in May and the JW Marriott rooms' renovation that begins in Q4 2014. The RevPAR growth of 4.2% for our hotels in New York underperformed the portfolio, but as I mentioned, materially outperformed the STAR upper upscale market by 4 percentage points due to the strategy of pursuing group business for the Super Bowl. Both our New York Marriott Marquis and Sheraton New York hotels served as the headquarter hotels for the NFL and the media during the Super Bowl. This strategy also significantly contributed to a food and beverage revenue increase of almost 18%. This exceptional food and beverage result was also due in part to the meeting space renovation at the Sheraton New York, as well as the new ballroom and great room at the New York Airport Hotel. Now let me move to our international portfolio, which had an outstanding quarter. In constant currency, first quarter RevPAR for the consolidated international portfolio grew 10.3%. All of our Latin American hotels achieved double-digit RevPAR growth in the first quarter and grew RevPAR by a combined 21%. Our JW Marriott Rio benefited from demand that shifted into the first quarter in anticipation of the World Cup to take place this summer. JW Marriott Mexico City was a large contributor to the solid RevPAR growth as the hotel is benefiting from strong corporate demand and the rooms renovation completed last year. We expect our Latin America hotels to continue to outperform the portfolio with the World Cup in Brazil this summer, strong city-wide in Chile and a strong corporate demand in Mexico City. The Asia-Pacific portfolio grew RevPAR 8.2% due to solid convention group and increased transient business. Our Hilton Melbourne had a robust double-digit increase in RevPAR as the hotel benefited from the group demand generated from the closing of the Sydney Convention Centre. This increase in group demand allowed the hotel to drive transient rates, which were up 9% in the first quarter. It is estimated that the Sydney Convention Centre will remain closed for its major redevelopment efforts for the next several years. Overall, first quarter RevPAR performance of our consolidated international hotels is very impressive. The comparable hotel RevPAR for the European joint venture increased 2.8% for the quarter in constant euros. The notable statistics for our European joint venture results in the first quarter is the double-digit EBITDA growth on a RevPAR growth of 2.8%. The outstanding EBITDA growth rate is due to the strong increase in food and beverage revenues and the hotels' ability to control cost. Food and beverage revenues increased 9.5% in the first quarter, mainly as a result of an 18% increase in banquet and AV revenues. The strong banquet performance was driven by increased corporate catering demand at 11 of the 18 hotels. In addition, the Sheraton Stockholm, which is not in the comparable results, performed extremely well with double-digit growth in RevPAR and food and beverage revenues. Despite the higher-than-expected utility cost associated with the harsh winter, our first quarter comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin increased 120 basis points due to a rate-driven increase in RevPAR and excellent food and beverage sales and flow-through. Our first quarter food and beverage flow-through was an impressive 58.5%. Looking to the rest of 2014. While we believe there is still room for occupancy growth, especially in our group business, we expect that RevPAR will continue to be driven primarily by rate growth, which should lead to solid rooms flow-through. We also expect food and beverage revenue to improve a full point above our previous guidance, primarily in banquet and catering due to improving group demand. Based on the strong results for the first quarter and our improved outlook for food and beverage revenues and profit, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 70 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and 120 basis points at the high end of the range for 2014, resulting in a 10-basis-point increase in our margin guidance. At this point, we are forecasting that approximately 28% of our full year EBITDA will be earned in the second quarter. This suggests the resulting EBITDA for the second quarter will be lower than the last year due primarily to the following 3 reasons: First, as you will recall, in the second quarter of last year, we sold land adjacent to the Newport Beach Marriott Resort and Spa and recorded a $21 million gain. Second, we lost EBITDA due to the timing of numerous asset sales completed after the second quarter of last year. And third, the $5 million per quarter negative impact from the Hyatt Maui timeshare sales that we brought to your attention on the last call, where we reduced our second and third quarter EBITDA. But for the full year, we estimate that the timeshare project will increase EBITDA by approximately $12 million. During the first quarter, we redeemed or repaid $675 million of debt with available cash. We ended the quarter with approximately $392 million of cash and $782 million of available capacity under the credit facility and a debt balance of $4.1 billion. In summary, we are excited with our first quarter results as this is a great way to start the year. As you know, we have the best balance sheet in the history of the company with the lowest leverage, the highest fixed charge coverage ratio and the lowest annual cash interest expense in our history, resulting in meaningful free cash flows. As I stated at our Investor Day last month, we are in an incredible position with a powerful and flexible balance sheet with all options open to us as we progress through the cycle. We will continue to focus on creating value for our shareholders. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from Andrew Didora.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Ed, I guess, the recovery of group has obviously been a common theme out there over the past few months. I'm just wanting to get your thoughts on some of the deeper trends here. I guess, when you look at your future bookings, are you seeing group strength spread outside of the top gateway markets into more resort locations or areas, like Arizona and Hawaii? And if so, do you see any difference outside the room spend between these locations and the -- maybe some of the top gateway markets?
W. Edward Walter: I could tell you that we, certainly, are seeing growth across all of our markets. This particular quarter, it was centered more in New York and the West Coast, but we also saw some pretty solid group growth down in Florida, in both Orlando and in Naples. That's a big part of what drove the activity at those hotels that I commented on. And so I feel comfortable that we're seeing it across different price points. As it relates to the spend, we've been encouraged that -- for the catering contribution. So that's the amount of F&B per group room. It has been up for the last 2 quarters. I think that still is something that tends to jump around a little bit, but I've been encouraged by the fact that, that grew as aggressively as it did in the last quarter. And then maybe, at least an early signal that companies -- I think the bigger swing here is in the corporate group activity. The companies are getting a bit more comfortable in spending more associated with their group event.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then my second question. We'd certainly like to get your thoughts here on New York. I know Greg gave some of the statistics in his prepared remarks. You guys obviously helped perform the market nicely in 1Q. What are you seeing in terms of both the high growth this year in the market? And how are your group and transient bookings looking for the rest of the year in New York?
W. Edward Walter: I mean, I feel -- certainly, there is no secret that supply in New York is pretty heavy this year. I think the numbers that we're looking at across all segments are in the mid-7% range. And unfortunately, it looks like 2015 is also going to be fairly strong on the group side. I think our current estimate now is somewhere north of 5%. I would say that group activity in New York continues to be solid. I wouldn't say it stands out one way or the other compared to the other markets that we're involved with. It's obviously in the first quarter because the Super Bowl did quite well. But I think looking longer-term, I think in our portfolio, it seems to be consistent with the rest of the portfolio. As I -- it was going to be -- the problem with that much supply is that despite the fact that New York is one of the most exciting, strong demand-generating markets in the country, probably in the world, that's a lot of supply to overcome. And I think we're all going to be struggling a little bit to generate rate growth in that environment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Ed, you've mentioned earlier that there really is not much to report from a transaction side of things. Maybe you can just talk about why do you think the transaction market has been relatively quite ablated by the seller or buyer issue, waiting on playing the cycle a little bit longer before putting more stuff out for sale? And then I have a follow-up.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. It's -- that's a very good question. I think pricing is slowly but surely working its way back up, not quite to the levels that we saw during the last cycles but, certainly, has been improving. So you would think that, that would start to draw more sellers out. I think the fundamental problem, perhaps, is the fact that there is a universal perception that this cycle has a fair amount of time left to run. You've got low supply for the next week, the next 2 years, and I would still be guessing that 2016 supply will be below demand. So as -- and again, I think that's fairly well-known. So there -- I think the desire on the part of people to sell is probably driven more by strategic reasons than a sense that they -- the time is to -- now is the time to act in order to get out before the cycle starts to go the other direction. So you haven't seen -- just not seeing that impetus behind that higher activity. Overall, though, I think we've been seeing each year. We've been seeing the amount of transaction activity slowly creep up. My general sense from conversations with the brokerage community in the beginning of the year is that they expect activity in 2014 to exceed the activity that we saw in 2013. And so I think we'll probably have a little bit better clue on that as we work our way through the summer because there seems to be the way the cycles work the last couple of years. That activity begins to heat up as we get into some of that NYU conferences and some of the others that tends to be a focal point for folks to put assets on a market with the desire of closing those transactions before the end of the year.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then, Greg, with respect to your '14 guidance -- and you gave some great commentary on the group trends. With regard to your food and beverage revenue guidance or increase, does that also incorporate an increase in F&B revenues in the 2Q through 4Q? Or are you just kind of adding back in the increase with the better-than-expected results in the 1Q?
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. I think, primarily, it's because of our great results in the first quarter. Right, we obviously incorporated those great results in our full year guidance. And then so I'd say that was the main part of increasing our F&B guidance for the full year. But I think we also feel because of that business success that we had in the first quarter, I think we also feel just a little bit better for the rest of the year as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Meliker with MLV & Company.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Just to talk a little bit more about the acquisition environment out there. Obviously, we're seeing a lot of private equity capital being raised. Leverage seems to be plentiful for private equity. So I'm just wondering, as you guys are eyeing acquisitions right now, are you looking at things that maybe there aren't a lot of institutional buyers interested in right now, whether that be one-off select service assets, similar to what you did in Nashville with White Lodging or whether that'd be resorts in the Caribbean that, maybe, don't appeal to as many others? Or more international, et cetera? Just help us understand where you guys are focusing your efforts on the acquisition strategy.
W. Edward Walter: Well, I'd say we are certainly looking internationally, although its competitive in that environment too. I think as we look -- start to think about the United States. We are looking -- we'd love to do some more transactions that might set up similar to the Powell Hotel acquisition in San Francisco. We'd be open to more limited service. I don't know how much more limited service development we would end up doing, but I think in a few select markets, we would be open to that. So one thing I would say is we have no particular plans to be buying in the Caribbean. There may be opportunities there, but our past experience in that market would suggest that, that's a market better avoided.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, with regards to things like the Powell or one-off development opportunities that become available, at what point in the cycle do you decide that those types of investments don't make a lot of sense, just given the remaining duration of the up cycle?
W. Edward Walter: That decision ends up being a market-by-market analysis. I think that, certainly, in the timeframe that we're in today with some of the commentary that I gave and the answer to a prior question, I would certainly feel comfortable about pursuing and repositioning in those markets in the U.S. And there are, I think, markets that show really good demand growth, you could see an opportunity to do new development, although, again, I don't want to suggest at all that, that's the priority for us. So I think for a select service development, there is an opportunity to move forward with something in that area and feel comfortable that you're delivering still at -- in a point in the cycle when it's trending positive.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Kevin Varin: This is Kevin Varin with Michael. You mentioned last call that 1Q EBITDA would account for around 21% of full year EBITDA. So just based on that commentary, it would imply you beat internal expectation by roughly $20 million. So just considering that EBITDA guidance was only raised $10 million at the midpoint, is it fair to say that Host is tracking at the high end of the ranges where we stand today or is there something else that we should be looking for with -- in the remainder of the year?
Gregory J. Larson: [Audio Gap] and multiply it by -- I think where the consensus runs for the year, I think, that would suggest that we're really beat by about $17 million to $18 million, so close to your $20 million, but a little bit lower. The other thing that I would add is when you look in the income statement, you'll notice that we had $3 million gain, insurance gain, which we had -- we had forecasted that gain, but not in the first quarter, right? So I -- that sort of takes your $17 million to $18 million down to $14 million or $15 million. And then, as you correctly pointed out, we increased our full year guidance by $10 million. So it's a little bit maybe left on the table. And then, that's one of the reasons why I think when we look at our RevPAR guidance for the year today of 5% to 6%, we do feel a little bit more comfortable at the mid- to high-end of that range than we did a quarter go.
Kevin Varin: Okay. And then just one last question. Can you guys quantify the benefit of the holiday calendar shift in 1Q and maybe how much of an impact it will have on -- as we think about 2Q?
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we've really run that specifically on that. I think we've been suggesting that we would expect the second quarter to be weaker than the first quarter primarily because of the holiday shift. I don't know that I have a specific percentage to give you, though, for -- to quantify the impact of it.
Operator: And up next, we'll take Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe if you could just talk about the balance of dividend versus opportunity to buy assets. And could we look for -- what would -- what is the gaining issues that keep you from maybe raising that dividend over the next -- for the next 12 to 24 months? And then, separately, you've given some color on RevPAR strength, but maybe talk a little bit about brands and location, more on brands. Are there certain brands where you're seeing greater strength? I know you don't normally talk about that, but maybe give us some sense on that.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. Steve, let me answer these in reverse order. I think we're going to shy away from any specific commentary on brands within our portfolio. Yes, I think that they all report on their own, but I don't -- so you get a good sense as to how they're performing on a relative basis, but I don't -- we've not provided disclosure on that in the past, but I don't think this would be the time to change. On your question on the dividend, I'd say, broadly speaking, we would be expecting, as EBITDA continues to grow, we would be expecting in general for our taxable income to continue to increase. And so that in and of itself should require that our dividend continue to grow. So then the second part of the question becomes what to do with the free cash flow that we're generating, which, as we've talked about in the past, is north of $300 million a year, and how do we think about applying those proceeds going forward. And I think the question is you sort of identify, kind of comes down a bit to what do the acquisition market look like and what are the opportunities and whether it's acquiring properties or whether it's investing in the properties that we already have. That -- I think to the extent that we can find investments of either type that meet our return the parameters, and I'd say that at this stage of the cycle, that would still be our first choice in a lot of ways, but to the extent that we do not identify those opportunities or to the extent that the sales [indiscernible] we generate from asset sales exceed the amount of the investment opportunities, then we're going to look at ways to return that capital to our shareholders. I think certainly one way to do that is an increase in the dividend. And at some point, another alternative would be to repurchase stocks. But I think we're open to looking at each of those as we work our way through the year and into 2015. But I'd still say that given -- we still want to continue to grow through investment if we can, but if not, we'll look to return capital.
Operator: And up next, we have Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just looking at the outperformance in Q1 RevPAR, I'm just curious why full year RevPAR guidance wouldn't move up to -- are there factors that you think won't recur because it sounds like the group trends -- and I know you were cautious about Q2, but just overall for the year, group tends are positive, so I guess why not higher RevPAR growth for the year?
W. Edward Walter: I think, Greg sort of answered that question to some degree. And I think, you're also right that we're -- we'd probably feel more comfortable raising that after we get -- the halfway point in the year. But we certainly, given the strength of our Q1 performance, which was better than what we had anticipated in February, we certainly feel more comfortable in the higher end of the range of RevPAR that we provided. We'll look at that when we get into July for our next call.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then, just looking at the outperformance, I had expected that maybe it was other markets that was made up for Washington, D.C., given that the market was weak, but you outperformed the market so much in D.C., and just kind of what was behind that.
W. Edward Walter: I think that what ended up happening in Washington is that there was just better overall transient activity and some group strength, especially in March, that helped Washington do better than we had expected at the beginning of the year. Yes, the other thing too is inauguration, while a bit of a hill to climb, was not as beneficial in '13 as we would have hoped. So it's still a challenge for the market for this year, but perhaps not as big as in the historical context.
Operator: And up next, we have Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you help us think about what your banquet in F&B revenue per room is versus prior peak and just how we should think about the trajectory of the segment growth longer term?
W. Edward Walter: To be honest, I don't have -- some of this is -- our reporting and our statistical analysis has really improved significantly since the prior peak, so I -- that's a good -- that's something we should look into a little bit more directly. I don't really have an answer for you on where our banquet revenue would match compared to the prior peak. On food and beverage overall, we're still -- we finished the year running about 10% behind where we had been at the prior peak. So I would be expecting -- for this particular quarter, I'm sure we were beginning to approach where we had been before for the full year. Given the guidance that we've given, we probably are still -- we are still looking to be 5% to 6% behind our prior peak level food and beverage activity.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes, I think another way to look at food and beverage, especially if you look at it through the end of last year, typically, food and beverage growth is about -- the growth rate is about 50 basis points lower than our RevPAR growth. And what we've seen so far during this recovery is that food and beverage growth, about 150 basis points lower than our RevPAR growth. So obviously, food and beverage really underperformed with groups so far during this recovery, and then, except for, obviously, in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year when group really performed, because of that our food and beverage growth was quite strong.
Operator: And our next question will come from Anthony Powell from Barclays.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The result of Seattle and Denver were very impressive. Can you talk about the availability of assets in those markets? Are hotels for sale there and are there any new development opportunities in those markets for you?
W. Edward Walter: We have looked at a couple of transactions in Seattle. I don't know that we have looked at anything in particular in Denver in the last 12 months. There are a few new developments being contemplated in Seattle, probably, the largest of those is the convention center hotel that a local developer is attempting to finance and get off the ground. So I think -- but overall level of activity in both markets is probably about market average right now. I wouldn't say that there's been a big surge in activity there.
Anthony F. Powell - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And on Chicago, it's kind of underperformed, I think, the market over -- U.S. overall. What do you think has driven that result and how do you view your booking trends there both this year and next?
Gregory J. Larson: As we mentioned during the quarter, I mean, obviously winters in Chicago are never great, but this year, I think, with the polar vortex and 50 degrees below 0, the weather was quite extreme. And so I think that explains some of the weakness in Chicago for the first quarter. I think we think that, that will -- Chicago will perform better as we move throughout the year.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think generally though, in Chicago for this year we are -- we're not seeing as -- this is not a strong of a convention year [indiscernible]. This market tends to move a bit in the cycle. This is not one of the [indiscernible] Chicago. And so we probably expect lower levels of performance there for the full year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Chris Woronka.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You guys noted a pretty good benefit from renovations completed, I guess, last year at several of your larger West Coast hotels. If we look out a bit, I mean, how does your renovation pipeline look, if you will? Is there a drop-off in that benefit at some point or does it remain pretty constant?
W. Edward Walter: My guess is that, well, certainly, we'd get a benefit as we enhance the hotel in terms of both one part as you get a little bit of a year-over-year benefit from not having a disruption, but more importantly, you get a benefit from having enhanced the asset. I think we're looking at relatively consistent levels of maintenance level spending over the next couple of years. It should -- we should see a surge in disruption other than at particular hotels. And we hope we continue to spend intelligently on those hotels, we should continue to see lift. But I don't know that I would expect anything remarkable one way or the other for the next couple of years.
Chris J. Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then, maybe you could contrast a little bit for us the international and domestic markets in terms of the transaction market and how the buyers and sellers differ and what they're looking for and also maybe how much time you guys spend internally looking at international versus domestic deals.
W. Edward Walter: The latter really tend -- we have distinct team so we have a European team that's focused on Europe. We have a Latin America team that's focused on Latin America. And then, of course, we have our office in Singapore that focuses on Asia investments. And then, in the States, everything right now has been out of assessment. So I'd say from a standpoint of time, each of the offices is pretty -- is 100% focused on activity within their region. And then, as that bubbles up, Greg and I and Struan and the other folks that are on our investment committee, that tends to vary based on the month depending upon what's hot in a particular jurisdiction. Overall, I would say, we'd still find that we've spent the majority of our time talking about investments in the U.S., but the international piece of it is a meaningful component of what we're looking at. In terms of the buyers internationally, yes, I'd say that our world is becoming more and more of a global marketplace from investments. And so capital from Asia is interested in the U.S. Capital from the Middle East is interested in the U.S. and Europe. Certainly, the Asian markets are very active with Asian capital directly. So we run into different types of investors in different markets, but certainly, some of the larger players, especially some of the sovereign wealth funds, are active across really in every jurisdictions and we will -- we run up against them on transactions on a consistent basis.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Loeb with Baird Investment Banking.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is really for Greg. On the gain on sale, which must be Philadelphia, can you talk about why there was such a large gain, why the tax effect on that was relatively small? Do you have some plans related to that 10/31, whatever, or will you need to have some dividend related to that?
Gregory J. Larson: Yes, David, you're right on Philadelphia. But when we think about our dividend for this year, the gain associated with that asset is sort of already baked in to our philosophies for the dividend this year. So when we talk about increasing dividends, and Ed talked about it earlier, it's really going to come from 3 things. Obviously, as our EBITDA increases and taxable income increases, our dividends certainly will increase. I also think that with subsequent asset sales we will expect to have gains, and those gains will, we don't like kind of exchange, will obviously be added to our dividend and could increase the growth of our dividend. And then, as Ed also mentioned, if we're not -- we can't find acquisitions, then our free cash flow -- if you look at our free cash flow today before we make a dividend payment or before we make investments, that's actually over $750 million. So again, if we can't find investments, that will go towards an increased dividend as well. So all those things matter, but Philly, there's really not much to talk about from the gain on Philly.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So no plans to defer that one, no temporary arrangements?
Gregory J. Larson: Correct, correct.
Operator: And our next question will come from Nikhil Bhalla with FBR.
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a question on your group pace for the rest of the year. Did I catch that right that your pace at around 5.5% is somewhat consistent from what it was about 2 months ago?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, yes. I would say that we're generally consistent with where we've been. But I think we were pretty encouraged by the -- by what we saw on the group side kind of both activity in the quarter, for the quarter and looking forward. Our in-the-quarter, for-the-quarter activity was up about 19% compared to what we had experienced in 2013, so that was a good jump. As we look at the -- as I commented, as we look at the rest of the year, we saw an increase in activity of -- north of 4% in terms of room nights for the remainder of the year, but if you leave out April, where the -- where activity was down because of the Easter holiday, the activity after April was up nearly 10%. So I think, when we kind of watched what was happening in-the-year, for-the-year-type activity, we felt pretty good about that and that made us increasingly comfortable with how group will play out for the full year.
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got it. So it's fair to characterize, I guess, that just given that second quarter is so much bigger, the impact of Easter seems to have a little more disproportionate -- disproportionately larger impact other than have-it-fallen kind of the opposite reign in the first quarter.
W. Edward Walter: Perhaps. I mean, there's sort of pluses and minuses of the holiday being in April. I mean, Mike, I'm not certain I would completely agree that the impact is disproportionate in the second quarter, because I think that the second quarter overall is a bigger quarter for us, and so the losing of the 2 weeks, and losing some group activity there is probably in some ways potentially less impactful in Q2 than it would be in Q1, which tends to run at a lower overall level of volume. The benefit of it being extended in a full year context is that it does tend to -- later Easter tends to extend the spring break season. And so again, it wont show up in a year-over-year number for the -- for April or for Q2, but in the long run, it stretches out the Easter -- or the spring break season, which tends to be a positive in Florida. So I think all in all, we'd rather see Easter occur in April if we had a chance to control the calendar.
Operator: And our next question will come from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. What percentage of your portfolio do you think needs more CapEx or return on investment CapEx spend? When -- sort of what inning are you in do you think?
W. Edward Walter: Harry, I don't know that we -- I mean, if you -- when I think of that question, I think of that in the context of assets that might have some deferred CapEx, because of course, we're always in a situation where we are reinvesting in our hotels. I don't know that I have a real accurate specific number to give you, but I would say that I would view it, from a deferred CapEx perspective, as very small. And the bottom line is we've been consistently investing in our portfolio. As we've talked about in the past, we took advantage of low pricing back in 2010 and 2011 to accelerate our capital program in an effort to try to both improve the quality of our hotels, but more importantly, do it for less money. And I think we're still seeing the benefits of that in terms of our performance. So I'm sure if I sat down and looked at the list of our hotels that -- there's a half a dozen where you could say we've under invested. Some of that -- in general, if that situation exists today, it's because we didn't see an economic benefit from making the investment. And so typically, those are assets that we might be contemplating on selling while we don't think it's -- where we think the buyer would probably prefer to control that CapEx decision. On the ROI front. Those are the things that we are constantly looking at. Of course, we've spent some time at our Investor Day trying to highlight the fact that we felt that there are a lot of opportunities within the portfolio. So as you look at what we're -- this year, we've talked in terms of $70 million to $80 million. I would view that as a target in my own mind about what we should be trying to do on a consistent basis going forward.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then the second piece is, with that in mind over the last 12 months, the lodging sector -- or in the lodging, the 2 stocks that have returned the most capital to shareholders have been Hyatt and Marriott, and those are the 2 that have outperformed, while the 2 that have been more reluctant to increase shareholder returns, Starwood and Host, are up about half as much. And so Mike, what I'm wondering is, do you recognize that more capital return would lead to higher investor interest? And given that you have meaningful free cash flow, what gets you to move on this?
Gregory J. Larson: Ed, before you answer, I just want to correct one thing. From our last quarter call through today, Host has been the best performing lodging stock by far. Go ahead, Ed.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I was looking at that over the last 12 months.
W. Edward Walter: I mean, I don't know that I have a lot to add these on what I said in -- I think I was responding to Steve's question before. I don't know that it's so much of a performance question that would drive us to do with. I mean, I think we've been pretty clear that we thought it was important to achieve certain balance sheet objectives before we start to contemplate any -- paying a dividend that would be larger than taxable income. As we've been indicating over the course of the different -- whether it's calls or investor presentations, during the first 4 months of this year, we have made great progress in strengthening our balance sheet and are feeling that we're going to be accomplishing our objectives in 2014 on that front, so that does provide us with the opportunity to think about deploying the free cash flow that we generate in different ways. As I said before, I still hope, because I think the cycle has got room to run, that we can find ways to invest that profitably in assets that will grow, that will generate a return in excess of our cost of capital and that will drive improve shareholder return. The extent that those opportunities don't present themselves, then we'll look at the alternatives.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Basically, from the -- reading between the lines, just given that you want to find assets to invest in, we really shouldn't be expecting any meaningful lift in the dividend. Is that fair?
W. Edward Walter: I think the answer is -- unfortunately, it depends. I mean, we have -- I think one of the things that sets us apart in our industry has been our discipline in investing capital. And we try to highlight that at our Investor Day in terms of discussing our performance compared to our competitors. So it will come down to that decision, that opportunity. And I wouldn't -- it's just -- I think it's early in the year to try to reach a conclusion on that one way or the other.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes, I'd also add that right even -- if you look at it over the last couple years, right, just -- it depends on, I guess, your definition of significant dividend increase. But even just -- certainly, our dividend have increased with taxable income, which has been about $0.16 increase each year. And then, in addition, I would say, as we fill assets, we'll have further gains and that -- it certainly increase our dividend as well. So -- I think some of it depends on how much we invest in assets, but I think even if we find out what to invest in, certainly, our dividend is going higher.
Operator: And our next question will come from Patrick Scholes from SunTrust.
Charles Patrick Scholes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I wonder if you can break down by month how your group business faired as far as RevPAR for the first quarter. And then, how did April end up for you?
W. Edward Walter: We don't know April yet. I mean, that's a month that have just ended yesterday, but we don't have the reporting for the first few days -- the last few days of the month nor do we have segmentation, but I'm sure it will be weaker than last year just because of the calendar shift. In general, if you look at the overall level of group -- increase in group activity that we had, which was really north of 6% group increase and group room nights, I would roughly say that January would probably been -- kind of was the weakest of that time period and really just reflected a small increase. February was slightly above 6%, and then, as you get to March, we were -- I think we were north -- we had double-digit group room night growth in March.
Operator: And our next question will come from Wes Golladay from RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Looking at the transient rate growth in the quarter, just over 3%, and with group being so strong, did you leave money on the table there? Or is there weather-related low-rated business you were taking?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think that's a great question. We spent some time trying to study that. I think you're right at one level, is that we did have some weather disruption and we had the weather disruption in some of our higher-priced markets, so that affected the statistics of it. I think the other factors that affected transient rate growth is if we actually look at the transient rate growth that we were seeing at individual hotels, it was stronger than the 3.5% that we've just discussed in our comments here, but part of what we saw happened in the quarter is that we had stronger group business in some of our higher-priced markets and we had -- we certified an increase in our transient level business in some of our lower priced markets. And so when you actually work your way through the math, it has the effect of understating our transient rate growth for the overall portfolio. But as I talked with our revenue management team about what was actually happening in market, they were seeing higher levels of growth than what we actually disclosed here.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And now turning to the balance sheet, you have a few 6% notes via the Vs and the Zs about $800 million, any of that prepayable?
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. We can call both of those notes in 2015. So that certainly -- if interest rates remain low, that's certainly something we will look at.
Operator: At this time, Mr. Ed Walter, I'd like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Great. Well, thank you, all, for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight into how 2014 is playing out on our second quarter call this summer. Have a great rest of your day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - VP Ed Walter - President & CEO Greg Larson - CFO
Analysts: Joshua Attie - Citi Andrew Didora - Bank of America Joe Greff - JPMorgan Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company Harry Curtis - Nomura Nikhil Bhalla - FBR & Company Ian Weissman - ISI Group Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2014. Greg will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter performance by markets and our balance sheet. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. But before I turn the call over to Ed, and for the last time I'd like to remind everyone that at the beginning of 2013, we adopted calendar quarter reporting period. And to enable investors to better evaluate our performance, we have presented the fourth quarter 2012 RevPAR and certain historical results on a calendar quarter basis we call the 2012 as-adjusted-results. The following discussion of the fourth quarter operating performance will include a comparison between the three months of operations ended December 31. Now, here's Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to report a positive fourth quarter and year for our company. Our results were driven by a combination of strong demand growth, which allowed us to drive rate in both our group and transient segments and excellent cost controls, which led to another year of strong and margin improvement. Additionally we continued to make progress on several important company initiatives, including executing asset sale, completing acquisitions in target markets, and strengthening our industry leading balance sheet. Before we get into the details, let's review our results for the quarter and the year. Comparable revenues increased 6% for the quarter and 4.9% for the full year. RevPAR for our comparable hotel on a constant currency basis increased 6.6% for the quarter and 5.8% for the full year. On a nominal basis comparable RevPAR increased 6.2% for the fourth quarter and 5.6% for the full year. Our comparable domestic portfolio outperformed the industry RevPAR by a strong 140 basis points for the quarter and by 50 basis points for the full year, as our hotels continued to generate meaningful gains in market share. Strong growth in our group business led to increased banquet activity resulting in comparable hotel F&B revenue growth of 6.1% for the quarter. Overall for the year, comparable F&B revenues increased 4%, driven primarily by 4.8% increase in catering activity. This improvement, combined with our strong rate performance, resulted in an increase in comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin of 130 basis points for the fourth quarter and 100 basis points for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA was $322 million for the quarter and $1.306 billion for the full year that represents a 9.7% increase over the prior year. Our adjusted FFO for diluted share was $0.33 for the fourth quarter and $1.31 for the full year, which exceeded consensus estimate and reflects to more than 19% increase over 2012. Throughout the course of the year we experienced favorable trends in our business mix, as room nights grew in our higher rated segments in broth transient and group. In the fourth quarter, despite the government shutdown, we saw momentum pickup in our group business and we benefited from meaningful increases in our average rates in both our group and transient business. Starting with our group business, the fourth quarter was the strongest quarter of the year with room nights growing more than 3.5%, driven by increases in our higher-rated association and corporate business. Group business continue to benefit from positive mix shift as demands in our corporate and association business increased nearly 7%, while discount demand fell more than 5%. The favorable mix shift resulted in an increase in our group room rate of nearly 3% for the quarter, which when combined with the strong demand growth, resulted in group revenue increase of 6.5%, which we believe significantly outpace the industry. For the year, group rate was up nearly 3%, while demand was flat, resulting in an increase in group revenues of over 2.5%. We believe that the combination of the sequester and government shutdown reduced our group demand for the year by 1% to 1.5%. We expect the group business momentum we saw in the fourth quarter will continue into 2014, as demand should benefit from less government uncertainty and continued economic improvement. Looking at our transient business, in the quarter we benefited from strong demand in our higher-rated retail and corporate business, which increased more than 6.5%. This combined with the previously mentioned strength in our group business, allows hotels to rely less on discounted transient business and help drive rate across all segments. For the quarter, we saw an average rate increase of 4%, and revenue growth of 7%. These same favorable trends played out over the course of 2013 as our higher-priced transient business saw demand increase of 9%. Our overall transient average rate growth equals 4% and our revenues increased 7.5%. Group revenues booked in the fourth quarter for 2014 and 2015 exceeded the prior year's strong pace, and for 2014 our group booking pace is up 3% in room nights with average rates projected to be up in every quarter. More than 70% of our expected group rooms for the year have been booked. Revenue for the year up more than 5.5% and we expect a solid year from our group segments. It is worth noting that while we have enjoyed four solid years of growth, since the 2008/2009 downturn, we believe that we have plenty of opportunities to continue to grow earnings and values. A few points of comparison. For our comparable hotels 2013 RevPAR was just 2% behind the 2007 peak, but on an inflation adjusted basis we're still approximately 15% behind 2007 levels. While our overall occupancy of 76% in 2013 exceeded our 2007 peak, our portfolio ran at higher than 78% in 1999 and 2000, which suggest that we could expect further improvements in occupancy. Despite our strong fourth quarter, our group business and our food and beverage revenues are still roughly 10% behind our 2007 levels, suggesting that we have significant room for further growth as the group segment continues to recover and our strategy to improve outward performance bears further fruit. Our 2013 adjusted margins are roughly 300 basis points behind 2007 levels, and we see no reason given the operating improvements we have implemented, why we can't exceed those levels in the future. Overall our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit is approximately 15% behind its last peak performance without taking inflation into account. We would expect to eliminate that gap over the next two years. Supply in the industry is expected to fall short of the long-term average for at least the near term. Supply in the upper price points in our target markets, other than in New York is even more constrained. Continued growth in the economy, accelerating capital investment, and continued growth in international travel, should lead to revenue growth that comfortably exceeds inflation and the long-term averages. We believe the result should be improved asset and company valuations in our industry. Turning to investment activity, in November 2013 we opened 255-room Hyatt Place in Downtown Nashville, which was developed through a 50/50 joint venture with White Lodging Services. Since the opening, the hotel had a fantastic start with operations significantly outperforming its budget and underwriting. On the investment front, as we announced this morning we acquired the 151-room Powell Hotel in San Francisco, along with over 8500 square feet of retail space anchored by Sephora for a total price of $75 million. That price includes an estimated value of approximately $42 million for the retail space. The hotel is located in the city's premier shopping district near the Moscone Convention Center and is in close proximity to the South Street BART station and cable car line. Kokua Hospitality will manage the hotel and will work with us to complete a $22 million renovation for reopening its upper upscale property. When completed we expect our total investment in the hotel portion of the building to be approximately $365,000 a key and I note that that value includes the value of the land that we purchased. Including the Powell Hotel we invested $340 million in acquisitions in 2013. With continued improvement in the outlook for the economy and the capital markets, the transaction market for dispositions improved in the fourth quarter, including the sales of Philadelphia Convention Center in Courtyard, Nashville, we closed on six asset sales in the last four months, five in North America and one in Europe for approximately $540 million. These transactions reduced our exposure to non-target markets and allowed us to reduce our leverage and improve our overall cost of capital. We expect to be active on both the acquisition and disposition front in 2013, as we look to increase our investment in target markets and remain focused on reducing our exposure to non-core hotels located in suburban airport locations and on reducing our portfolio allocation to secondary markets. While we have active pipelines for both sales and acquisition, given the difficulty in predicting the timing of completing these transactions, our guidance does not assume the benefit of any acquisitions, nor does it assume the impact of any sales beyond the transactions we have already closed. In addition to transaction activity, we will continue to look to invest in income generating additions to our portfolio, which typically drive returns well in access of our cost of capital. For 2013, we invested a total of $97 million in these types of projects and in 2014; we expect to spend $70 million to $80 million, including the completion of a $17 million brand conversion at the Sheraton Memphis Downtown, and a $40 million repositioning plan to Houston Airport Marriott. Additionally, in 2014, we expect to spend $30 million to $35 million on recent acquisition assets and $320 million to $340 million on routine renewal and replacement expenditure. Now let me elaborate on our outlook for 2014. As I discussed earlier, we anticipate that hotel demand will continue to grow in 2014 driven by improved economic output and consumer confidence, increased employment, and greater business investment. We also expect the group demand growth will exceed last year's levels. The increased demand combined with low supply growth should enhance efforts to drive both rate and profit margin. With all this in mind, we're expecting comparable hotel RevPAR on a constant currency basis to increase 5% to 6% for the year, and while F&B activity is often volatile and difficult to predict, we are expecting comparable food and beverage and other revenue growth to 3% to 4%. We expect adjusted margins to be up 60 to 110 basis points. This operating forecast will result in adjusted EBITDA of $1.350 billion to $1.390 billion and adjusted FFO per share of $1.40 to $1.44. With respect to our dividend it is worth noting that our 2013 dividend increased more than 50% compared to 2012. Today, we announced that our first quarter common dividend will be $0.14 a share, which represents our 13th consecutive increase. Dividends for the rest of the year will depend on operating results as well as gains on asset sales. I'm pleased to say that the lodging recovery is progressing well due to continued demand increases combined with low supply growth. Given a positive industry outlook and strong underlying economic fundamentals, we believe this cycle will continue to gain momentum throughout 2014. The capital we have invested in our hotels over the last several years ensures that our portfolio is in excellent condition and is well-positioned to benefit from this improving marketplace. As Greg will describe in more detail, our industry leading balance sheet is only getting stronger and our cost of capital remains quite attractive. As we look at all of these factors, it gives us confidence that Host is well-positioned to outperform in 2014. Thank you. And now, let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Greg Larson: Thank you, Ed. As you have already noticed we've made some changes to our press release this quarter. In our effort to provide greater clarity on our operations, we have replaced the regional RevPAR results with RevPAR results primarily based on cities. In addition, we added a comparable hotel RevPAR in local currency defined as hotel RevPAR and constant currency. This new presentation will enable investors to evaluate the performance of both our domestic and international hotel without the impact of currency fluctuation, a constant currency methodology as was described in the notes to the financial information in our press release. With that let me begin by counting our impressive fourth quarter results, despite the negative impact with the government shutdown in October, we had our strongest quarterly RevPAR performance of the year. Our comparable domestic portfolio of RevPAR increased 6.5%, which was 140 basis points over the industry performance. And our consolidated international portfolio of RevPAR increased 7.2% in constant currency, resulting in total comparable RevPAR increase of 6.6%. The outstanding results for the fourth quarter were driven by strong performance in our group business. As we have stated in the past, when group business performs, our portfolio outperforms. Moving to our detailed RevPAR results, our West Coast properties once again had very strong results with RevPAR growth of 8.1%, driven primarily by an average rate increase of 5.6%. The San Francisco market grew fourth quarter RevPAR by 14% with all five Bay Area hotels achieving double-digit RevPAR growth. This RevPAR increase was driven almost entirely by 13.7% increase in average rates, which resulted from the continued business mix shift from contract to higher-rated transient in group business. RevPAR at our San Diego hotels grew 10% in the fourth quarter, primarily through occupancy gains of 4.6 percentage points driven by strong group and transient demand. Our San Diego hotels RevPAR growth more than tripled thus far upper upscale market growth of 3.1%. In addition, due to the strong growth production in the fourth quarter, our San Diego hotels also had strong food and beverage revenue growth of 11.6%. In Hawaii, RevPAR growth of 2.5% was impacted by a decline in occupancy of 430 basis points due the renovation and the timeshare construction at the Hyatt Hotel in Muai. However the Hyatt Hotel benefited from average rate gains of 8.2% from stronger group demand that boosted both group and transient rate in the fourth quarter. We expect the West Coast property to continue to outperform in 2014, particularly in San Francisco, Seattle, and Hawaii. We expect San Diego and Los Angeles to perform in line with the portfolio in 2014. Our properties in our Southwest location also had an impressive fourth quarter, with a combined increased in RevPAR of 16%. Our New Orleans hotel benefited from three strong high-rated medical citywide events in the fourth quarter that resulted in a RevPAR increase of nearly 22%, largely due to a 20.5% increase in ADR. Houston once again significantly outperformed the portfolio growing RevPAR 14.3% in line with the 13.5% improvement for the first three quarters, offsetting a slight decline in occupancy; the four Houston hotels grew average rates by combined 15.7%. Both San Antonio properties also outperformed in the fourth quarter, with RevPAR increase of 12.5%, both hotels had strong groups of action, with higher group ADR, which allowed our operators to change the transient mix, which resulted in better average rates. For 2014 we expect RevPAR for JW Houston and the Houston Airport hotels to be negatively impacted by the renovations scheduled in the second half of 2014. In the east, RevPAR growth of 5.6% was driven by strong results in Philadelphia and Boston, offset by weaker results in New York, and Washington D.C. Our hotels of Philadelphia posted RevPAR gains of 16.9% in the fourth quarter, with a 12.3% increase in demand, as the hotels benefit from year-over-year comparisons due to hurricane impacted fourth quarter of 2012. Boston had strong RevPAR growth of almost 11% due to the major league baseball playoffs in October, as well as the positive year-over-year impact of Hurricane Sandy. The RevPAR increase for the Boston property consisted of a balanced mix of increases in both occupancy and rate. Despite the increasing supply in the New York market, our New York hotels increased RevPAR by 3.9% in the fourth quarter in a market where RevPAR for the star upper upscale segment was negative 0.1%. The hotels in Manhattan reported very strong fourth quarter RevPAR growth of 4.6%. Our Washington D.C. hotels grew RevPAR by 1.8%, identical to the growth achieved in the first three quarters, hampered primarily by the shutdown of the federal government in October, and ongoing effects of the sequester. Our comparable hotels in the downtown area increased RevPAR by 8.8% in the fourth quarter, offset by 6.5% decline at our hotels in the Virginia and Maryland suburbs. We expect our hotels on the East Coast to underperform the portfolio in 2014 with weak Washington D.C. and Philadelphia market, offsetting the stronger results forecasted for Boston and New York. Despite the supply in New York, we expect our hotels there to outperform our portfolio in 2014 with the Super Bowl and other citywide events. Our fourth quarter RevPAR for the consolidated international portfolio grew 7.2% in constant currency. Canadian hotels grew RevPAR by combined 7.5% led by ADR growth of 13.8% in Calgary. In Latin America RevPAR increased 7.1% driven by strong double-digit RevPAR growth at our JW Properties in Rio and Mexico City, offset by a small decline in the RevPAR at a two hotels in Chile. The Chilean hotels were impacted by labor strike in the country during the fourth quarter. Asia-Pacific portfolio grew RevPAR 7% through solid transient occupancy growth in Melbourne. Our international hotels had a great quarter. However, due to the negative impact of the unfavorable exchange rate this quarter, our nominal comparable international hotel RevPAR grew only 0.9%. The comparable hotel RevPAR for the European joint venture increased 5.1% for the quarter in constant euros. Group revenue outperformed our expectations in the fourth quarter. The improvement was driven by increases in both occupancy and rate due to large citywide events highlighted by the Climate Change Congress event in Warsaw. Strong group demand at several of our hotels, including group business generated by the newly renovated meeting space at Westin, Madrid, and a 1 million wedding at Hotel Arts, Barcelona, drove an impressive 8.8% increase of banquet sales. We expect European joint venture hotel RevPAR to increase from 2013 level, so we will continue to underperform our total portfolio in 2014. However, there are encouraging signs of economic improvement in Europe. The GDP forecast for the majority of the European economies have increased since October of 2013 and are all trending positively. Our fourth quarter comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin increased 130 basis points due to a rate driven increase in RevPAR and strong food and beverage sales and flow-through. Our fourth quarter food and beverage flow-through was a strong 54.2%. This is the third best food and beverage flow-through since the beginning of the recovery in 2010. Looking to 2014, while we believe there is still room for occupancy growth especially in our group business, we expect that RevPAR will continue to be driven primarily by rate growth in 2014, and should lead the solid room flow-through. However, certain savings realized in 2013 will likely be difficult to replicate in 2014 such as the decline in utility costs we reported in 2013 and savings related to certain sales and marketing cost. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 60 basis points at the low-end of the RevPAR range and increase 110 basis points at the high-end the range for 2014. In analyzing our EBITDA growth for 2014, consideration should be given to the negative effect on EBITDA from asset sales and one-time transaction. Approximately $45 million of EBITDA was lost due to our recent sales of five properties. These sales include the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown, and the Courtyard Nashville was sold in the first quarter of 2014. In addition, there was a $21 million one-time gain related to the Newport Beach land sale in 2013. The negative EBITDA impacts are partially offset by certain positive factors we are forecasting for 2014, such as the benefits received from the non-comparable renovation hotels at the Ritz-Carlton, Naples, and Orlando World Center, a completion and opening of a Hyatt Place in Nashville. The full year impact from the acquisition of Hyatt Place, Waikiki, and the EBITDA derived from the Hyatt Muai timeshare sales. I should also note that that EBITDA generated from the Hyatt Muai timeshare sales will negatively impact the first three quarters of 2014, as revenues from the sales cannot be recognized until the units are completed and can be occupied, which will likely occur in December of 2014. Until that time sales and marketing expenses, which are estimated to be approximately $5 million per quarter, will negatively impact EBITDA for the first three quarters. For the full year, we estimate that the timeshare project will increase EBITDA by approximately $12 million. At this point, we are forecasting approximately 21% of our full year EBITDA will be earned in the first quarter. Shifting to our balance sheet. We achieved a one notch upgrade to BBB-flat from Standard & Poor's due in part to low leverage, balanced debt maturities, and large pool of unencumbered assets. In the fourth quarter, we refinanced 5.55% $134 million mortgage loan on the Harbor Beach Marriot with a new 10-year loan at 4.75% and we paid the 8.5% $31 million mortgage loan on the Western Denver Downtown. Subsequent to year-end we redeemed the remaining $150 million of 6.75% Senior Q senior notes. Further we intend to repay the $300 million mortgage debt on the Ritz-Carlton Naples Resort and Spa in the Newport Beach Marriot when due on March 1, 2014 with available cash. After adjusting for the transactions that occurred or plan to occur subsequent to year-end we have approximately $310 million of cash, $779 million of available capacity on our credit facility and a debt balance of approximately $4.1 billion with a weighted average debt maturity of six years. 2014 cash interest expense is forecasted to be approximately $195 million compared to cash interest expense of $282 million in 2013, and $401 million in 2007. Our year-end leverage would be the lowest in the company's history, the best in the industry and a significant reduction from 2007. In addition our fixed charge coverage have also improved significantly with $1.54 billion decrease in debt and 105 basis point reduction in our average interest rate since 2007. Even with the significant leverage reduction, we have meaningfully increased FFO per share over the last three years, as our industry leading FFO CAGR for those three years was 21%. In summary, we are excited with our fourth quarter results, as this was the best performing quarter for the year. We have the best balance sheet in the history of the company with the lowest leverage, the highest fixed charge coverage ratio, and the lowest annual cash interest expense resulting in meaningful cash flow. We are very close to achieving our leverage target of three times and would expect to reach that goal in 2014. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go first to Joshua Attie of Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citi: The RevPAR guidance of 5% to 6% is similar to what you did in 2013, and consensus expectations are for GDP to accelerate this year. Plus the government shutdown in October, it seems like it was a one-time negative event. How did you think about these things when you formulated guidance? And I mean, I don't mean to split hairs, but why did you decide not to make the high-end 7%, which would've implied some acceleration?
Ed Walter: You know, John, it's a good question and we certainly would agree with all of the positive points that you raised, which is certainly, it feels like a lot of the basic fundamentals of the economy are better this year and a lot of the disruption that we felt in 2013 from whether it was the sequester or the shutdown, well it would certainly appear at this point we're not going to see that reoccur in 2014. I think what you're generally seeing here is that as we move later into the cycle, which is we feel good about the year. We're probably trying to be may be a hair on the conservative side. But I certainly agree with all the positive points that you raised and we'll sort of see how the year plays out and hopefully that allows to be more optimistic later in the year.
Joshua Attie - Citi: And one more question -- your guidance assumes other hotel revenue growth of 3% to 4% versus the RevPAR growth of 5% to 6%. And you mentioned group business is getting better. And in the fourth quarter, you saw that GAAP narrow where hotel revenue increased at the same rate as RevPAR. I know it's only one quarter, but do you not expect that trend to continue, or is there just not enough visibility at this point to factor it into guidance?
Ed Walter: I think what we have seen throughout this entire recovery is that other revenue line has wagged even with food and beverage line. So whereas I talked about food and beverage revenues being up roughly 10% to '07, we're up may be more in 15% to 20% range in the other revenue area. So we've been hopeful that that will start to accelerate in the improvement in group activity will help that because a chunk of that relates to spas and golf, and a lot of times those revenues are driven by enhanced group travel. But generally it's been lagging as we've watched this recovery progress and so we've assumed that would continue to be a bit more modest. But again as we sort of, we commented and my comment even on the food and beverage side, these things have been difficult to forecast and we've been pleasantly surprised in a couple of quarters. But certainly there exist the opportunity to be pleasantly surprised on that front too.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Didora of Bank of America.
Andrew Didora - Bank of America: And Ed, certainly appreciate your commentary on the comparison to prior peak. Just wanted to ask a question with regards to if F&B revenues relative to prior peak. When you look at them on an occupied room night basis, how far off are they? And I guess when you think about next peak this cycle, what impediments do you see in terms of reaching prior peak on an F&B basis? And I guess do you think you can exceed those at some point later on this time around?
Ed Walter: I guess since occupancy -- I don't have that number clearly in my head but just thinking through the fact if we're off about 10% in revenues and we are up slightly in terms of occupied room nights, then I would suggest we're probably off slightly more than 10% in F&B activity per room night just sort of working through the math. I would say -- I would expect that over the next few years we should certainly close that 10% gap. Some of that's going to be tied to how, what ultimately happens on the group side. We have been I think collectively as an industry a little disappointed with the recovery in group. We are certainly feeling better about it in looking at 2014. And so I think that gives us an opportunity to do better on that side. But also note that well I don't know that this effort is yet significant in the context of looking it getting back to 2007 revenues. We are where we can looking to outsource restaurants to third parties. And so when that happens our profits go up but our revenue growth goes down because we no longer in some of those cases report the revenues. So that may be a bit of a drag as we look to get back to that overall revenue number, but it will certainly help on the profit side.
Andrew Didora - Bank of America: Great, that's helpful, Ed. And then Greg, you obviously have done a lot of work around the balance sheet over the last few years. And with your leverage coming down pretty close to your goal, how should we think about your balance sheet capacity going forward? Will we see more acquisitions, some buybacks, or do you kind of want to maintain those levels through the cycle peak?
Greg Larson: Yes, as we talked about in the past our ultimate goal though has been to push down to three times leverage and you can tell that subsequent, if you look at those transactions that we completed subsequent to the quarter end you should assume that we're fairly close to our goal. And so I think going forward, we would like to keep it three times leverage or may be a tab below. So I think when we look out into the future it's really going to depend on the opportunities. We see acquisitions, we're certainly -- we certainly have cash to pay for some of those acquisitions. Obviously if we continue to sell hotels which we think we will do we will have those proceeds through by assets as well. And so when I think about 2014 it's really going to depend on the level of acquisitions and the level of disposition on what exactly happens to our balance sheet. But I think the ultimate goal for us is to keep at this three times leverage as we go forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: I may have missed some of your comments, but, Ed, it sounded like you didn't spend too much time talking about the acquisition market. Can you give us your views on that? It certainly sounds like you're a little bit more of a net seller than a net acquirer. And then with respect to your group-based commentary, I think implicit from your comments is that pricing was up about 2.5%, if you can just confirm that? Thanks.
Ed Walter: Yes, I think last -- I'm going to do those questions in reverse order. I think last year our pricing was up just a hair over that. I think if you look for the full year we were -- our rate was probably up right around 2.7%, 2.8% so I think you're generally right there. As we look at this year we're sort of, we're hoping that we'll see some stronger growth in that but we're probably in that same range right now. If you look at the acquisition markets, I think generally we've seen, we saw some -- we're seeing increased activity in the second half of '13. We were I'd say that's driven by a combination of capital continuing to be attracted to the sector because of a perception that we would share which is that the cycle has room to run. That capital is just not just an equity capital I think we've been finding that while debt terms are nowhere near what they were during the 2006/2007 timeframe you are seeing leverage being extended at higher levels and at attractive rates. And so I think that's helping to improve the acquisition market at least from a seller's perspective. We expect to continue to be active in the sales market this year and I'd like to have a reasonable level of activity there as we continue to try to reposition the portfolio about selling what we view as slightly slower growing assets out of the company. I'd like us to be a net acquirer this year. So I think from a -- the way we're looking at the world we'd like to be more the -- buy more than we sell. But it ultimately comes down to pricing and opportunity and if we find that we can hit the number on the sales side and we can't get to the number on the acquisition side then that may mean we end up being a net seller.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Meliker of MLV & Co.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company: A couple of questions. First of all, Ed, did I hear you correctly that you valued the retail component of the Powell at $42 million?
Ed Walter: Thats correct.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company: Correct me if I'm wrong, but that's about $5000 a square foot for the retail component. What gives you confidence that the value of the retail is so high?
Ed Walter: I think the best thing I have is that this building was originally marketed to retail buyers, not necessarily to the hotel world. And as we went through our process, we wanted to really understand the value of the retail in terms of just making certain that we were comfortable with the price we were paying. We have already received unsolicited offers from more than that valuation since we've acquired the hotel. So no guarantee that they will close, but based on the market commentary we have this is apparently one of the four top locations in the country and it's a very special space from their perspective, they've renewed their lease, they're going to invest a significant amount of capital in the space. They couldn't be happier with their location and my sense is they're fairly happy with us buying the building. But well, I agree with you, that's a big number and we look pretty carefully at that the reality is there appears to be pretty good market support for it.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company: Can you give us any indication what the rental payments with Sephora are or what the cap rate was on the retail component given that big number?
Ed Walter: Yes, I guess what I would tell you is that we can't disclose the -- we have agreed not to disclose any of the actual pricing there. But I would tell you that it's mid-single-digit cap rate.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Company: And then the second question -- and you gave some good color on how you're looking at the dividend right now. By my calculations, it sounds like around 1Q you're going to be close to that target three times leverage level. You're going to have over $500 million in cash probably still available on the balance sheet. What is the plan for that cash? And are there more assets that you're looking to dispose of drop them into the cycle? And if you do, what will be the plan for that cash, obviously, in excess of the required dividend from capital gains, et cetera?
Ed Walter: I think our answer to that is probably consistent with what we've said in the past, which is that we would as we continue to sell assets the first thing we will look at is what is the opportunity to reinvest that capital that will be either be in new acquisitions, it will be in ROI investments in our existing portfolio. I think you're right it will be given where we've been -- well things we've been accomplishing on the leverage side there is less likelihood that it would be deployed to pay down debt, although remember when you're selling assets there is something that you're trying -- you do need to maintain leverage their it's not -- there's a little bit of adjustment that's required there. And I think beyond that you look at what's the smartest thing from a shareholder perspective. So that could be a bigger dividend in a lot of cases, because we will be selling at gains, there will be a need to increase the dividend, because there will be taxable income associated with that sale. And obviously depending upon what the stock price is buying back stock is another option. So I think we'll ultimately look as we have in the past because as we generate those proceeds from sales and recognize sort of what amount of that is available to us that's outside of a dividend or a required debt pay down, we will look to see what's the best use of that capital and then used to do that.
Greg Larson: Ryan, I think the good news is right when you look at the cash balance of $310 million, you add in sort of the cash flow that's going to be generated by operation and then you add in some of the assets that you can sell that we can acquire a significant chunk of assets this year and not need to issue equity.
Operator: We'll go next to Harry Curtis of Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Hello?
Ed Walter: Hello. Hi, Harry.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Well, hey, sorry, I must have been on mute. Ed, going back to your answer to the first question, you commented that you were being conservative perhaps because we were later in the cycle. As far as it comes to buying assets, I guess the question is when is the wrong time to buy assets? And the reason I'm curious is that when I look at host stock versus some of the C Corps, the stock is underperformed. And I'm wondering if it's underperformed because you're really not returning as much cash to the shareholder as you might be.
Ed Walter: I can't say Harry that I have necessarily looked at, I think at that particular question related to the C Corps. As I have looked at how we have compared to the rest of the hotel REITs, I mean one of the things we consistently noticed is that we've been doing a better job at generating FFO growth, and Greg spoke to that at the same time that we've been seeking to accomplish our goals on the balance sheet side, which we think in the long-term were very beneficial for the company. And I think our dividend is growing, it went up a lot from '12 to '13, and the fact that we have announced another increase and it will continue to growth at a relatively sizable rate, we were probably running, I guess at this current level just right around 3% in terms of the yield and I don't see any reason as the cycle progresses that we won't continue to see the dividend grow. So to the extent that that's been one of the issues, we're going to be feeding into the solution, because I would be expecting our dividend to continue to grow.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Then back to the first question or first part of the question, is there a point in time when you and your Board feel a bit more defensive about making acquisitions, given where you guys feel we are in the cycle?
Ed Walter: Yes, I think there is and I think we sort of saw this, it happened in the last cycle, although this case it is probably a little bit different. I mean at the point in time, we've been pretty disciplined about what we thought. I -- in some way wished we had been able to acquire more in the last four years but we've been pretty thoughtful and careful about making certain investment. When we make an investment it's actually going to accomplish the recurrent goals that we have as opposed to just seeking to add size because obviously we already have a pretty good size. So when we find that the market starts to get to be too pricy for us to hit our return target, which are generally going to be 100 to -- regular asset a 100 basis points to 150 basis points over our cost of capital then we tend to naturally back away from acquiring assets. When we're looking at that -- looking and trying to establish what the return is going to be from an investment we're also going to be taking into account where we're in this cycle and more particularly, where that individual market is in the cycle. So as you start to get to the point where supply is increasing and you begin to get concerned that that's going to exceed demand growth in a particular market that will naturally make us more cautious in our underwriting, which I think often times will have the effect of making us less competitive since others may not do that. And we're -- as I think was part of my prepared remarks, right now we don't see that situation existing in any market other than New York where supply seems to be growing even at the -- New York is the only market that's got a high level of supply. Just about everywhere else, especially in the markets that we're looking at and especially in the price point where we tend to compete and tend to acquire, we feel very good about the overall supply demand equation. So I think there is a point down the road just as in every cycle and is in every real estate cycle we will find that supply will start to exceed demand and that all end up, we'll have to be thoughtful about that in our underwriting and I suspect that if that happens you will see that we will just not be buying anything.
Operator: We'll go next to Nikhil Bhalla of FBR & Company.
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR & Company: Ed, you talked about dispositions this year. Should we assume that a level of dispositions in 2014 mirror very closely to 2013, or do you have sort of a higher target? Any color you can provide there?
Ed Walter: We don't have a hard target and it wouldn't surprise me if we didn't end up in the sort of a level that we've been over the last couple of years. I think we've sold a little over about a $1.1 billion in '12 and '13 so that's an average of 550 a year. So that type of a number is not -- would certainly make sense from our perspective but it would be early right now to kind of commit to any particular number and a lot of that has been -- is all predicated on pricing, just as we try to be disciplined about what we buy, we're also fairly disciplined about what we sell.
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR & Company: Sure thing. One follow-up question on RevPAR guidance that you've given here. When you think about quarters, do you suspect 1Q may be is at the low-end of that guidance range? If you could give us some color about the cadence of RevPAR growth this year, that would be very helpful.
Ed Walter: We actually -- certainly at the beginning of this year, we were actually looking that Q1 as being one of the stronger quarters of the year. And I think that's despite the fact that we knew we wouldn't get the benefit of inauguration activity in Washington, we were looking at both the benefits of the Super Bowl in New York as well as the fact that in the last week of March we would have a normal week from our perspective from group activity compared to an Easter week that we had last year. We've obviously had a spare amount of weather especially in the Northeast and to some degree in the Southeast and so I think that's tampered our expectations a bit. Having said that though, and this is without knowing exactly how bad last week was but knowing that it wasn't great we still would expect that the first quarter would actually be as -- would -- if we were ranking the quarters we would still expect that to be at the high-end of the range that we talked about for the full year.
Operator: We'll go next to Ian Weissman of ISI Group.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: Most of my questions have been answered, but just a quick question as it relates to deals. Jon Gray recently said that he has seen better opportunities in Europe than he has in the United States. I know you guys are active over there, and you've commented in the past about opportunities. I think you noted that the bid ask spread was built pretty wide in Europe. May be you could just comment about what the landscape looks like in Europe today given their recovery versus United States.
Ed Walter: Ian it's a great question because that is one of the places where we hope to be more active this year. Last year we purchased the one hotel in Stockholm. But as we look at Europe, while recovery there is still slow and certainly not progressing at the same pace that we hope to benefit from in United States in 2014, we do have a sense that the continent turned the corner and consequently in our discussions with our partners we are first need to finish investing the second fund that we had created, which I think has about a little over 100 million in euros of capital to invest. But I think we're open to the notion of potentially doing a fund three years certainly or potentially investing on our own if necessary to try to do, have more activity in Europe. We see opportunity there. We do not see as much competition. We've never seen as much competition on the asset management side and consequently we think there's an opportunity to invest there.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: Would you include London in that, I mean when you think about Europe and opportunities, is London part of that focus?
Ed Walter: We would like to buy more in London, but if I were to broadly characterize Europe and say that it is, there's not a lot of competition. I'd unfortunately need to leave London out of that characterization. London has seen some pretty aggressive pricing and we have looked at a couple of these transactions that have been on the market and have really not gotten comfortable paying the prices that we see there. So we would -- probably -- we actually, the more we get -- the more we study the Nordics, the more interested we've gotten there. We're certainly still interested investing in Germany and we may even likely look at some smaller opportunities in Spain only because we're seeing some signs that some of the markets in Spain are recovering and it may make sense to be set back into those markets.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: And finally -- if I missed this I apologize. But in your comments, you seem pretty bullish on New York City, which is counter to what everyone is saying in light of the supply, which you even talked about. Super Bowl I know was not great; it's not a big group market. So what are some of the core drivers of your optimism as it relates to New York City?
Greg Larson: Ian, this is Greg. We mentioned that we, yes we think New York will perform sort of better than the average of our portfolio. I mean part of that is because of the strong results from the Super Bowl. Part of it is, I agree with your comment on city wise but we do have some strong group activity for our hotels especially in 2014 already on the books. And then, as you know, the last couple of years we fully renovated all, most of our New York properties. And so they're all in great condition and I think ready to outperform New York in general just like they did in the fourth quarter.
Ed Walter: Ian, I'd add to that as Greg's point about the construction is that our Sheraton had its meeting space out of service for the first quarter of last year, and the W on Lexington was going through a pretty invasive HVAC renovation for the first five months -- five or six months of 2013. So we are getting the benefit there of overlapping a weaker time period.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Woronka of Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Just a quick question, drill down a little bit further on the groups if I could. Did you guys notice a change in kind of some of the booking behaviors in the fourth quarter? It sounds like what we saw in the first half, group didn't really come through quite as strongly as you guys and everyone else thought. Did something change there in the fourth quarter and that's may be giving you the optimism for 2014?
Ed Walter: Yes, I'd say fourth quarter was obviously great for us from a standpoint of group room night. As you look at the booking activity during the course of the quarter, it was incredibly inconsistent at least kind of compared to prior year metrics. You had good months, you had lousy months. Net, net overall as I said in my comments when you step back and look at the revenues that we booked in the fourth quarter for 2014 and for 2015, we were up compared to the prior year. So we take some comfort from all that in terms of looking at the direction of group business for 2014.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: And then just kind of going in a different direction. Could you guys may be give us an update on where you are in terms of some of the management contracts? And are you seeing any opportunities to -- are any of these things coming up, and may be there's an opportunity where you renegotiate or re-flag? Just an update on the portfolio generally.
Ed Walter: Yes, I guess I'd it's probably the most interesting opportunity for us that falls into that bucket is the Four Seasons in Philadelphia. And you may have noticed that Four Seasons have announced that they're going to be part of the development that's tied in with Comcast Communications building -- new building that they're going to create in Downtown Philadelphia and Four Seasons has decided to move to a smaller platform in Philadelphia. But we have certainly enjoyed our association and relationship with Four Seasons. We view this as a very interesting opportunity to take what is really one of the classic hotels in Philadelphia. As the timing happens to be quite good for us and that we're envisioning a significant capital investment in the hotel. We've been planning to reorient the food and beverage at the hotel. And so we have the opportunity to do that and where we will not have to do it at the Four Seasons, but have the opportunity to look at other brands or look at an unbranded hotel, fairly exciting opportunity for us. And I think that's something that we're going to be working on over the course of the year. I'm sure we'll have more to say about that in the second half of this year and sometime early next year.
Greg Larson: I think Chris, I'd add also that if you probably know we also have a pool of Marriott property and start with properties that over time we can convert those properties here to franchise or a fully unencumbered and sometimes we can do that either today or we can do it upon sales. So those are also interesting opportunities and then as you sort of hinted to we always just have some contracts coming due or some flexibility on contracts for other reasons. So obviously we look at all of those ground.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay, but nothing is really in the guidance, right, related to that?
Ed Walter: No, there was nothing that would be impactful to that EBITDA number that flows from that.
Operator: We'll go next to Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets: I'm just curious about how you see the Marriott Marquis opening in D.C. impacting the second half of the year?
Ed Walter: Yes, it's a great question. We assume that it's going to be a negative impact on the second half of the year. I mean, the convention business in D.C. is not slated to start to accelerate in response to the Marquis until '15 and '16. So since as we've watched that hotels progress we not have felt that it would be a long-term benefit to the city but we do not think it's going to be a benefit to us in 2014. Thus it appears as there was a quite not enough confidence in the group segment or the association group segment a few years ago to book an event into D.C. without really being -- them being really confident that the hotel would be finished. And we're not real close to the construction schedule for that and my sense is that it is going to finish generally on time in the middle of the year. And so given that well I'm sure Marriott has actively trying to book business into the hotel. It's going to be competing in a market that is since being left in there than it's normally accustomed to. So it won't be a positive impact. Well we have captured that in the investments we've made in the district and it has always believed that that was the likely result and certainly it is captured in our outlook for Washington for this year and the guidance we discussed before.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets: And real quick on the -- you mentioned potentially doing a European fund three. And I was just curious what is the fee income you guys generate from funds one and two, approximately?
Ed Walter: Greg, do you know that?
Greg Larson: Yes, I think we're not supposed to disclose the fees from that. So I don't know that number off the top my head.
Operator: At this time I will now to turn the call back over to Mr. Walter for any closing comments.
Ed Walter: Well thank you all for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our results and outlook with you. As you may have heard, we are planning an Investor Day for April 10 at our Ritz-Carlton in Tysons Corner, Virginia. We view that as an opportunity for you to learn more and hear more from our executive management team about how we look to create value for our shareholders. Invitations and additional information will be coming out soon. We hope to see you at our Investor Day then. Thank you for your time. I'm sure we'll see you soon.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gregory J. Larson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Anto Savarirajan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Gee Lingberg: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts third quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2013. Greg will then provide greater detail on our third quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. Before I turn the call over to Ed, I'd like to remind everyone that at the beginning of this year, we adopted calendar quarter reporting period. And to enable investors to better evaluate our performance, we have presented 2012 RevPAR and certain historical results on a calendar quarter basis we call the 2012 as-adjusted-results. The following discussion of quarterly and year-to-date operating performance will include a comparison between the 3 months and 9 months of operations ended September 30. And now here's Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another quarter of solid operating results of strong demand in our transient business and better-than-expected short-term group bookings fostered solid rate growth across all segments of our business. We are also pleased to report some activities that we believe have added value to the company. We continue to feel very positive about the fundamentals in the business and our outlook, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. First, lets review our results for the quarter. Overall comparable revenue growth for the quarter was 4.6%. This was driven primarily by a comparable hotel RevPAR increase of 5.5% to $150 as average rate improved 4.8% to $192, and occupancy increased to 0.5 percentage point to 78.4%. We also had comparable hotel food and beverage revenue growth of 3.1%, driven by increases in banquet sales. As anticipated, the third quarter had difficult margin comparisons to last year, which included items that increased profit in 2012. As a result, our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins for the quarter were unchanged. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter increased slightly to $270 million, and our adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.25, an increase of nearly 9%. On a year-to-date basis, comparable hotel RevPAR increased 5.5%, driven by a 4.3% increase in average rate and an 8 percentage point improvement in occupancy. Total year-to-date comparable revenue growth of 4.6%, combined with adjusted operating profit margins that increased 100 basis points, resulted in year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $984 million, representing an increase of 12.5%. Adjusted FFO per diluted share increased 22.5% to $0.98. The key drivers of our third quarter room revenue results were strong increases in rate across all segments of our business. We also benefited from mix shift in both our transient and group segments. In our transient business, demand in our higher-rated retail segment increased more than 10%, while lower rated Special Corporate, government and other discount rooms decreased almost 1%, primarily due to a 16% decrease in our government room nights. Overall, for the quarter, transient demand increased 4%. The combination of mix shift and rate increases in every segment led to an overall rate increase of 4.3%, which resulted in a revenue increase of 8.5%. Our group segment also benefited from mix shift as our higher-rated corporate association business increased almost 2%, while our discount and government segment fell by more than 8%. As with our transient business, we saw rate increases across all segments, which resulted in an average rate increase of more than 3.5%. While overall demand fell by 2%, we were very pleased to see that bookings in the quarter for the quarter increased almost 12% compared to the prior year. The welcome pickup in booking activity also has benefited the fourth quarter as bookings increased more than 9%. We expect very solid group activity in the fourth quarter, as both rate and demand are running ahead of last year's pace, with book revenues indicating an increase of more than 6%. We also expect the transient demand will remain strong. On the investment front, the company's European joint venture, in which we hold a 1/3 interest, acquired its first hotel in Sweden, a 465-room Sheraton Stockholm Hotel for a total purchase price of $135 million. Stockholm is the business capital of Scandinavia and a regional hub for many large multinationals in the IT, banking, automotive and business service sectors, which are key drivers of corporate demand. It is also a popular leisure destination offering beautiful architecture and museums. The hotel has one of the best locations in the city situated across from the historic old town and within short walking distance to the Grand Central train station. Looking at disposition activity, as we announced this morning, we sold the Portland Marriott Downtown Waterfront for $87 million or approximately 173,000 per key. Additionally, subsequent to quarter end, the company's European joint venture sold a 150-room Courtyard Parils La Defense West for EUR 19 million, which we had acquired in a portfolio transaction last year. Overall, because we feel confident in the fundamentals of the lodging business, we are interested in completing additional acquisitions and have an active pipeline of potential deals. However, a combination of high prices and fewer attractive acquisition candidates have limited our activity this year, and we do not expect to complete any additional investments in 2013. We do intend to take advantage of these market realities by selling more assets, and we are currently marketing several hotels, some of which may close by or shortly after year end. Given the uncertainty of the timing and execution of these transactions, our guidance assumes no impact from these potential sales. We have an outstanding portfolio of 137 hotels, from which we can extract value in various and creative ways. In the past, you've seen us partner with an expert to revamp retail space, convert an under-occupied tower to apartment, build a timeshare on an oceanfront parking lot, sell unused tennis courts to a developer and complete various redevelopment and ROI investments. We have also been successful in creating value by extending ground leases and restructuring management agreement. For example, we recently extended the ground lease that was set to expire in 2019 at the Houston Airport Marriott, negotiating a new 40-year term. This new lease results in a reduction of ground lease payments. And as part of this agreement, we will invest approximately $35 million in the property to completely redeveloped pedestrians, public space, meeting space and modernize the mechanical systems. While we do not typically seek to invest in airport hotels, this hotel is directly connected to the airport and traditionally maintains a market share premium of nearly 30%. We also completed the construction of a 20,000-square foot ballroom and the renovation of 25,000 square feet of meeting space at the Newark Airport Marriott, which we agreed to accomplish in time for the 2014 Super Bowl at the Meadowlands as part of our ground lease extension for that hotel, which we announced last year. Management agreements are another source of value enhancement opportunities, especially as competition between operators is increased over time. We review management contracts on a hotel-by-hotel business and work towards obtaining the most efficient model for each hotel. During the third quarter, we successfully converted the Memphis Marriott to the Sheraton Memphis Downtown, which will be managed by Davidson Hotel & Resorts, an independent operator, which has long ties to the Memphis market. The conversion enabled us to increase the value of the hotel by selecting the right brand, operator and capital plan for the market. We anticipate that both improved performance and the availability of the hotel as a franchise will increase the sales price in the future. We also successfully amended the Calgary Marriott Downtown management agreement with Marriott International. The term of the agreement was extended, and we received an increase in the owner's priority threshold, which will reduce current and future management fees by more than $2 million a year. In conjunction with these 2 transactions, we also gained the right to franchise 3 additional hotels, substantially improving the value of those hotels at the time of sale and advancing our strategy of obtaining franchise rights for hotels in the bottom half of our portfolio. Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. As we have outlined today, we continue to see strong demand trends in both our transient and group segment for the fourth quarter. However, as Greg will describe in more detail, the government shutdown has impacted us in October by costing us $6 million to $7 million in EBITDA. With that in mind, we are tightening our guidance and expect comparable hotel RevPAR for the full year to increase between 5.5% and 5.7%, with an increase in adjusted operating profit margins of 100 to 105 basis points. Based on these RevPAR margin expectations, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $1.290 billion to $1.3 billion, which includes the impact of the shutdown. This operating forecast will result in adjusted FFO per share of $1.28 to $1.30. Looking at our dividend, our third quarter common dividend was $0.12 per share. Our fourth quarter dividend will depend on operating results and as -- activities on the sales side. While it is premature to offer any specific guidance relative to RevPAR or revenue growth for 2014, we do believe that the fundamentals for our business continue to be attractive. The single biggest factor is continued low supply growth. Overall, industry upper -- upscale supply will average roughly 1% for the next 2 years, which is about half of the long-term stabilized growth rate. Looking at our primary markets, New York City and Washington, D.C., are the only markets with average supply growth in excess of the long-term average growth rate. Our remaining 8 target markets in the U.S. are expected to average just 0.75% in increased supply over the next few years. In particular, Boston, Hawaii, L.A. and San Francisco expect no upper upscale supply growth in 2014. On the demand side, we are very encouraged by the indicators that we track. Business transient demand has remained strong this entire year, and the outlook for 2014 is quite positive as business investment is expected to accelerate next year. International travel continues to grow at a multiple of domestic demand as it becomes easier for the Chinese and Latin Americans to navigate our visa process, which further stimulates transient demand. Our group booking phase for 2014 is solidly positive as group bookings in the third quarter improved by 16% over last year. As these trends continue into 2014, we see the opportunity for strong RevPAR growth, driven primarily by rate improvements and solid SMB growth, driven primarily by banquet activity. Thank you. And now let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you, Ed. Before I present the individual market information, let me provide an overall summary of comparable hotel RevPAR by region. RevPAR growth was strongest in the west, increasing 10.5%, driven by 8% ADR growth. 5 markets, 4 of which represent our West Coast target markets grew RevPAR by double digits. In the central and south region, RevPAR increased 3.9%, in line with our expectation. While Atlanta and Houston have strong double-digit RevPAR growth, weak group demand in San Antonio, Tampa and New Orleans resulted in a combined 11.5% RevPAR decline. In the East, ADR grew by only 1.6%, contributing to a 3.1% RevPAR growth. Results were slightly lower than expected, especially in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C. due to declines in group demand. With that in mind, let me begin by giving you specific market data. Houston is once again our best performing market in the third quarter. Houston has continued its impressive RevPAR growth with gains of 18.8% on a difficult comp of last year's strong third quarter. Occupancy improved 60 basis points, and ADR grew an impressive 17.8% due to the continued high transient demand from energy in energy-related business in Houston. Strong demand enables the hotels to implement a strategy of shifting the mix of business to higher-rated segment. We expect Houston to continue to perform well [ph] related to the government budget crisis and fewer fourth quarter city-wide events. RevPAR at our San Francisco hotels continue to perform well with the robust increase of 15.8%, moving up to the #2 spot from #4 last quarter. Occupancy grew 1.9 percentage point, and ADR increased at a very strong 13.3%. The strong rate increase was mainly driven by business mix shift from contract, the higher-rated transient and group business. With continued high transient demand, we expect our San Francisco hotels to perform well in the fourth quarter. Due to the strong third quarter citywide calendar, our Atlanta hotels grew RevPAR an impressive 15.5% as ADR improved 5.8% and occupancy grew 6.1 percentage points. The rate improvement was primarily driven by compression created by the better-than-expected demand from strong citywide. Due to a large event that will not be repeated in the fourth quarter, we do not expect Atlanta to outperform in the fourth quarter. But based on year-to-date RevPAR increase of 10.9%, we expect Atlanta to be a top performer for the year. Driven by the strength of group business, RevPAR at our hotels in Phoenix increased 14.5%, significantly outperforming the upper upscale market performance of 5.9%. Occupancy gained 2.9 percentage points and ADR increased 8.9%. Strong business allowed the hotels to shift the mix into higher-rated transient business to drive overall ADR growth. In October, some groups canceled due to the government shutdown. So it is unlikely that the third quarter RevPAR growth will be sustained, but we still expect Phoenix to outperform in the third -- fourth quarter. In Los Angeles, our hotel RevPAR increased 13% on occupancy gains of 1.6 percentage points and ADR growth of 10.9%. All hotels in this market have strong rate growth due to transient demand strength. We expect transient demand to remain strong through the fourth quarter but expect negative impact from a weaker group booking pace and the scheduled rooms renovation at the Marina Marriott. Solid group base and strong transient demand propelled our Seattle hotels to another great quarter with a RevPAR increase of 12.3%, driven by a 2.1 percentage point increase in occupancy and an improvement in ADR of 9.6%. Strength in both group and transient bookings allowed our hotels to shift the mix from discount, the higher-rated retail and Special Corporate segments. We expect our Seattle hotels to have a good fourth quarter, the solid group room nights on the books to create compression to drive rate. Our San Diego hotels RevPAR increased 10.3% with occupancy growth of 4.1 percentage points and ADR improvement of 5%. Due to strong group and transient demand at our hotels, RevPAR growth more than doubled our upper upscale market growth of 4.3%. As we look forward in the fourth quarter, we expect our San Diego hotels to continue to outperform. In the third quarter, our hotels in New York increased rate by 3.2%, while occupancy remained relatively flat, resulting in RevPAR improvement of 3.5% despite increased supply in the market. We are still concerned about increased hotel supply in New York and the resulting impact on hotel rates that expect that our hotels should perform well when compared to the broader New York market. Our Washington, D.C. hotels continue to struggle in the third quarter as RevPAR decreased 0.1% with occupancy increasing 1.1 percentage points while ADR declined 1.5%. However, we outperformed the upper upscale market performance as the market RevPAR increased 3.3%. Our hotels in the central business district outperformed hotels in the suburbs. Given the continued weakness in government travel and government dysfunction, we expect our hotels in D.C. to underperform the portfolio in the fourth quarter. Tampa and New Orleans both had double-digit RevPAR decreases of approximately 14% each in the third quarter. Both were impacted by large nonrecurring events. Tampa was impacted by the absence of the Republican National Convention this quarter. New Orleans was impacted by the large Lutheran convention that did not repeat this year. We expect Tampa to underperform due to a large 2,600-room cancellation related to the government shutdown, and New Orleans to outperform in the fourth quarter due to increases in the number of citywide events for the fourth quarter. The Pro forma RevPAR for the 19 hotels in the European joint venture, which includes the 5-hotel portfolio acquired in 2012 increased 2.8% for the quarter in constant euros. As anticipated, third quarter ADR declined 2.3% due in part to the strong rates during the London Olympics last summer. Occupancy was up 4.1 percentage points due to increases in both transient and group volume from citywide events held in Amsterdam this quarter and strong incentive demand at Westin Europa and Pullman Bercy. The best-performing hotels in the quarter were Renaissance Amsterdam, Crowne Plaza Amsterdam, Renaissance Brussels, Westin Europa & Regina and Westin Palace Milan. Sheraton Skyline and Le Meridien Piccadilly underperformed this past quarter due to difficult comps from the Olympics last quarter. Some signs of improvement in the eurozone economy give us the encouragement to be cautiously optimistic about our European hotels. The 2013 GDP forecast in the major eurozone economies have been upgraded over the past quarter, predominantly driven by stronger-than-expected performance in Germany and France. Spain appears to have reached the bottom but Italy remains challenged. An emphatic reelection of Chancellor Merkel in Germany should offer some stability in the eurozone. Outside of the eurozone, the U.K. economy is making a faster-than-expected recovery reflected in a strengthening London hotel market. As anticipated, operating profit margin growth in the third quarter was our weakest for the year. Comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin for the third quarter of 2013 was unchanged as third quarter 2012 was a particularly strong quarter with margins up 285 basis points. Certain items were included that increased operating profit last year, such as prior year tax refunds and utility rebates totaling $5 million, which decreases operating margin growth this quarter by 50 basis points. In addition, as Ed commented in his prepared remarks, the conversion of a Memphis hotel to Sheraton with an independent manager increases the value of the hotel in the long term. However, in the near term, this also negatively impacted our margin performance. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect that RevPAR will continue to be driven, primarily by rate growth, which should lead to solid rooms flow-through. However, the government shutdown had a onetime negative effect on the results for October. We estimate that the government shutdown impacted RevPAR for fourth quarter by over 100 basis points, which translates to approximately 25 to 30 basis points for the full year. We expect margins for the remainder of the quarter to remain at or above our year-to-date results, leading to a full year profit margin increase of 100 basis points at the low end of the range, an increase of 105 basis points at the high end of the range. Shifting to our balance sheet. In the third quarter, we redeemed $200 million of the 6.75% Series Q senior note at a premium of $2 million. This redemption brings the total debt reduction since January 2012 for $1.2 billion, decreasing our weighted average interest rate of 4.9% and extending our weighted average debt maturity to 5.5 years. As a result of these efforts, our annual cash interest expense decreased approximately to $210 million. As of September 30, 2013, we have approximately $350 million of cash and $770 million of available capacity under the credit facility. In the quarter, we issued 6 million shares of common stock at an average price of $18.39 per share for net proceeds of approximately $109 million through our at-the-market program. This quarter, issuances complete the sales under our agreement, which had a combined capacity of $400 million. In summary, we achieved solid RevPAR growth with double-digit RevPAR increases in markets such as Houston, San Francisco, Atlanta, Phoenix, Los Angeles, Seattle and San Diego. We further improved our balance sheet and now have the lowest annual cash interest expense and best interest coverage and leverage ratios in the 20-year history of the company. This completes our prepared remarks, and we are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Ed, just to touch on your group business for a minute. Last quarter, you mentioned that 2014 group was 50% booked at the time at an increased rate and pace year-over-year. I was just wondering if you could update us on that statistic.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, at this point, we probably booked about 2/3 of our 2014 group business. Well, we would be expecting to, by the time we get to the end of the fourth quarter, we'd be expecting to be somewhere around 70% to 75% of that business booked at that point in time.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And is the pace and the rate meeting your expectations?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I'd -- we're up -- we're sort of up just short of 6% in terms of the combination of improvement in room nights and improvement in rates, so just short of 6% in terms of revenues for '14 compared to last year. I think this was one of the things as we look at this quarter that we were very encouraged by, because as I think we all know, as we had been working our way through 2013, we were typically finding that bookings in the quarter for the quarter were really not as strong as they had been in the prior year. And depending upon the individual quarter, some of the bookings for the rest of the year were not necessarily as strong as they had been. One quarter doesn't necessarily make a trend, but the reality is, as I indicated in my comments, our bookings in the quarter for the quarter were up meaningfully. Our bookings for the second half of the year, meaning in the third quarter for the third quarter and for the fourth quarter, were up 10% compared to the prior year. And then our bookings for '14 were up 16% compared to what we did last year. And last year was a good year for bookings for the year out. So yes, we want to be thoughtful and cautious about trying to carry this too far but the bottom line is, is we were very pleased with the increase in group bookings that we saw over the last 3 months.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's helpful. And while I have you or maybe Greg, just as a follow-up, given that commentary, assuming that you make asset sales next year, the comment referring to -- Greg, your commentary about how strong your balance sheet is the strongest it's ever been, your free cash flow should be quite attractive next year. Your balance sheet is strong and everything seems to be operating well. Just wondering how we should think about your targets for payout relative to cash available for distribution next year.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would say that at this stage, while we're certainly -- as we think about the dividend, I think it's still going to generally be driven by what our taxable income is. That's going to be affected by 2 things. It's going to be affected by both -- how our operations perform next year, which we, of course, we would be expecting would be higher than this year. And then secondly, it's going to depend upon the asset sales that we do, the profits that we generated on those sales and whether we tax-free exchange the proceeds from those sales into other investments or not. But I'd say that in general, we certainly -- all the points you made about the strength of the balance sheet are true. And it would, in general, be our goal to continue to see our dividend increase but it will be tied to those factors in general.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Joshua Attie with Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You mentioned improvement in group business and some other companies have as well. And it's sometimes difficult for us to translate some of the statistics into overall RevPAR growth for the portfolio. Do you think if the current momentum you're seeing in that segment is maintained, it will be enough to drive an acceleration of RevPAR growth for the company next year, or is the magnitude of the group pickup not quite that large yet?
W. Edward Walter: Josh, it's a little hard to predict that at this point in time, especially since I think the results that we've seen the last couple of years have all been pretty solid. So what I -- if the trends that we see today continue through the quarter and into next year, I think it's reasonable to assume that we would see more balanced growth between group revenues and transient revenues next year, whereas this year, it's been more -- far more heavily weighted towards transient revenue growth. So I think you'd have that opportunity for better balance. We're at pretty high occupancy levels already. So that suggests that most of what we should see should be in the rate side. And I think then it's just going to come down to how aggressively can we push rate between the 2 segments. I think it would probably suggest you might find that the occupancy increase next year is generally attributable to group, and transient will really be more of a rate story.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And separately, you've been issuing about $100 million a quarter of new equity through the ATM this year. I noticed you completed the program and you didn't put a new one in place. Can you just remind us where your leverage is today in terms of what your target is, and should we interpret the lack of putting in a new program as a sign that the future equity issuance will diminish or have you just not gotten around to putting a new program yet?
Gregory J. Larson: Josh, this is Greg. So our leverage, we ended the quarter at 3.46 leverage. And as I mentioned in my comments, it's the best leverage level in the last 20 years, so we're quite happy with that. But as you also know, our ultimate goal is to push that leverage ratio to 3x. And so what we've always sort of said consistently through the cycle that, in general, what you'll see us do, until we hit our goal of 3x, is that when we sell assets, we'll use the proceeds to pay down debt and when we buy assets, we will finance those acquisitions with about 75% to 80% equity. And I think if you look at what we've accomplished from the beginning of this cycle to today, that's exactly what's happened. And we've sold just over $1 billion worth of assets. We used those proceeds to pay down debt. We've acquired just over $2.5 billion worth of assets and refinanced those acquisitions for the past 75% to 80% equity. And I do think -- I think your point is correct that we did issue $100 million per quarter sort of in the past. But as you can tell, we're getting closer to 3x leverage and we ended the year with a pretty good cash balance. And subsequent to quarter end, we sold the Portland property for north of $80 million. So I think we're in pretty good condition at this point.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Anto Savarirajan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Anto Savarirajan for Steve Kent. Broadly, what are your internal thresholds for ROI investments? The reason I asked given the ROI investments you've made in the Newark Airport Marriott, how are bookings trending ahead of the Super Bowl and how should we, in general, think about some of these ROI investments you make?
W. Edward Walter: The thresholds that we establish for ROI investments will differ a bit based on the size of the investment and also the certainty of achieving those results. And broadly speaking, I would say to you that when we look at adding a ballroom, such as what we're doing in Newark, what we ultimately will be doing out in San Diego, we're generally looking at IRRs on those transactions that will be in the high teens. When we're looking at some of the energy saving improvements or enhancements that we've implemented over the years, we have enough of those to be perfectly honest, but we typically have targeted a threshold north of 20% just to make certain that we stay focused on the most rewarding of those types of opportunities. As it relates to bookings in Newark, I don't have any specific numbers. The ballroom just opened up in the last 30 days. Our sense is that it's certainly going to do -- we're going to do fine out there around the Super Bowl because we're so close. But obviously, what will matter more for the success of the investment is the long-term bookings for that space. We feel pretty confident, though, that, that space will be a big plus for that particular hotel.
Anto Savarirajan - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Over the past few years, you've indicated to us that you -- the quality of the asset portfolio has been getting better as you prune some of your assets. Tying your commentary that you may be selling a few more assets than you actually buy, how should we think of these assets and how you're bucketing them? And really, which are these assets that you are thinking of selling over the next, say, few quarters?
W. Edward Walter: That's a good question because it's an important part of our overall strategy. Generally, what we're trying to do with asset sales is sell assets that are located in nontarget markets where we generally expect lower growth. And then, if we're selling assets that might be in target markets such as, say, the sale of the San Francisco Airport Marriott in San Francisco, what we're doing is selling an asset in a target market but it's in a part of that market where we generally have lower expectations for overall growth. So the idea is to ultimately end up with a portfolio that is generally focused in the target markets and in the best submarkets for those target markets. One thing I'd also add to that is as we gauge in the sale process because Portland is a good example of that, we try to be pretty thoughtful about exactly what's the best way to sell the hotel. So in the case of the Portland transaction, we first renovated the lobby and the meeting space for that hotel because we figured that, that would help improve the performance of the hotel. And in fact, over the last 2 years, we saw a 20% increase in RevPAR. We picked up all the market shares that we had dropped the 2 years prior. We saw a 30% increase in NOI in that asset that took us back to where we were in '07, and then we look to put the hotel on the market to take advantage of that because we generally thought that we captured most of the surge that you get in the recovery in terms of performance. And if it wasn't a primary market for us, it was a good time to be a seller of that hotel.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of clarifications. Your RevPAR guidance range for the full year at the top end is down a little bit more than the government shutdown impact. So I wonder if you could just give us some color around whether there are issues you're maybe feeling less optimistic about. And then for Q3, I just want to make sure I understand the EBITDA. The calendar shift, I think, would have been a benefit to you. I understand there was $5 million of asset sales dispositions affecting year-over-year comps and then some property-specific things last year of $5 million, but I'm still wondering why we're not seeing the benefit of the calendar shift, we're not seeing positive EBITDA, and maybe it's just there are too many moving parts of it. If you can help us with that.
W. Edward Walter: I'm going to -- we'll split this up. I'll try to answer the RevPAR question, and them I'm going to let Greg handle the EBITDA question. I think on the RevPAR, what I would -- probably the simplest answer to that is that the third quarter was solid, but it didn't outperform our expectations. And so as we looked at the high end of our guidance for the full year, it felt like we needed to make an adjustment to reflect the fact that the third quarter was in line with expectations, which would have been -- think of that more as the middle of the guidance that we've previously given as opposed to the high end. And then given the combination of the government shutdown and what that meant for that guidance, it just felt that we should -- the 5.5% to 5.7% was probably the right range for here. But in general, coming back to the -- our overall perspective on the guidance, I would say that we generally looked at this as essentially -- if you looked at the midpoint from where we were, when you look at the midpoint for where we are now, the difference there is essentially the government shutdown. So yes, we did not meaningfully outperform in the third quarter compared to our thoughts, which would have taken us to a higher level, but the bottom line is in terms of our expectations, the real difference between the 2 different forms of guidance is really related solely to the government shutdown.
Gregory J. Larson: And, Robin, look, I agree with you that this year has been difficult because of our calendar shift and that's one of the reasons why last quarter, I tried to get a little bit of color and guidance on that. What I said last quarter is that in the third quarter, our EBITDA would be about 20% to 21% of our full year EBITDA. I think if you take your full year EBITDA and multiply that by 20% to 21%, my guess is, is your EBITDA for the quarter would have been less than our 270 that we achieved.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then can you, just finally, remind us what remaining capacity you have for sales agency financing agreements now after the issuance in the quarter?
W. Edward Walter: You mean on the continuous equity plan?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes.
W. Edward Walter: We exhausted it.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So there's nothing in place with any other agreements. I know you completed the ones in the quarter but nothing else at the moment in place?
W. Edward Walter: That's correct.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I appreciate the comments you've given so far on 2014, but just for our modeling, can you update us on your thoughts around seasonality and other factors that could impact RevPAR growth, just specifically how the Super Bowl could impact renovations, citywide calendar, things like that?
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we're in a position to give you much insight into that right now. We haven't seen our first budget for next year. We won't see the those for a couple more weeks so we really don't have a lot of specific insights. If I were thinking quickly off the top of my head, we are certainly hoping that a Super Bowl in New York City is going to be a benefit to us. But conversely, on a year-over-year basis, while the inauguration in D.C. was not anything to write home about, it still had a favorable effect on Washington in the first quarter and roughly around the same time. So beyond that, we really haven't had a chance to think through the year from a seasonality perspective. And the one thing that should be easier for all of us next year, and Greg was sort of referring to this in his answer to the last question, is at least next year, we're going to be matching up against calendar quarters where we all have the benefit of being able to look back at both the top line and the bottom line where on a year without having to do a lot of adjustments to try to capture those numbers.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of your JV EBITDA, guidance came down slightly for the year. What drove that? And -- yes, what drove that?
W. Edward Walter: Part of that is probably related to the sale of the asset because we would have lost a chunk there. I don't know that there was any particular factor of significant -- none that I -- Greg...
Gregory J. Larson: I mean, you're right, I think our number for the full year has been only a few million. So part of it was Courtyard and maybe just a snitch from an operating perspective.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Andrew Didora with Bank of America.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Typically, in the past, the ATM was a predecessor to some transaction activity, but it certainly doesn't seem like you have anything lined up for the rest of the year. Can you maybe expand on what you're seeing on the deal front, and what does your lack of activity right now imply for your thoughts on where we are in the cycle right now?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would say that we have been -- we certainly feel comfortable, as I mentioned in my comments, that we'd like to be investing more. There has not been as many transactions or properties that are in the markets that we're interested in that have come on the market over the last 12 months. We are looking at a few things both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. But as I highlighted in my comments, as I look at the timing for those, I think it's unlikely that they would have any kind of an effect on this year. But I think part of what you're seeing in the U.S. is that transactions, in general, are probably being driven more by the strategy of the owner as opposed to any duress or anything like that. I think most folks would share our insight that supply is relatively low, not expected to accelerate meaningfully except in a couple of markets. And consequently, no one is sitting there sort of starting to anticipate that it's the end of the cycle, and consequently, they should be a seller because of that reason. So you're seeing good levels of activity. I think overall, the level of activity that we're seeing in the market and across the world is a little bit higher than what we saw last year. Unfortunately, a lot of that's happening in asset quality and price points that are of less interest to us.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then just finally, one of the themes we've been seeing this earnings season has been some of the greater strength on the West Coast versus the East Coast and your results in the quarter didn't really seem to deviate from that. What do you think are the key drivers of that outperformance are, and what are your expectations for sort of East Coast versus West Coast over, call it, the next 18 to 24 months?
W. Edward Walter: I suspect that, at least looking into next year, that we'll probably see that same pattern, strength in the West, weakness in the East continue. Supply on the West coast is very low. Demand, both in the U.S. domestic demand, as well as international demand, is quite strong on the West Coast. So that same -- sort of the same set of facts that has been driving great results this year should continue to drive the West Coast next year. And then when you look at the East Coast, and I think, unfortunately, all the data that we're all looking at is suggesting that Newark is going to continue to get hit by high levels of supply. I think the numbers we're looking at right now would say industry-wide across all segments, New York will be up north of 7% next year in terms of supply. But while the story is better, considerably better in upper upscale, I think the number is closer to 2% to 2.5%. The reality is that much supply coming into a market even as strong as New York, is still going to lead to probably relatively anemic levels of RevPAR growth in that market. I think Washington, as Arnie commented last week, and we would echo, is that while the center city -- the downtown part of Washington will continue to do better than the suburbs, the overall market is still going to be facing some challenging headwinds in 2014. So as you -- if you look broadly at the East Coast, those are 2 big important markets and neither one of them will likely perform at the industry average next year.
Operator: And we'll go to Smedes Rose with Evercore.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to -- I saw in your release, you have your select service asset with White Lodging opening later this quarter. And I'm just wondering, as you look forward -- how do you think about select service assets? I mean, that one I know is a JV, and it probably doesn't really move the numbers for you, but you did buy that property in Hawaii, and kind of -- do you see that becoming a more significant piece of your portfolio going forward?
W. Edward Walter: The short answer is yes. I think we -- as we look at owning hotels in urban locations, urban select service is something that we think can work and can make sense, this means we'd love to add more properties like that. I would say that one of the things we're watching carefully in some markets in New York, witnessing the comments I just made, would be we want to be thoughtful, is that this is a segment of the business that tends to see supply first. So our investments in this area need to take the supply risk into account. But we're -- we would be comfortable owning more urban select service in the markets that we identified as targets.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And then on -- in -- for your European joint venture, just the Stockholm asset, I was just wondering, is there any pricing commentary you can give on trailing cap rates or forward cap rates or maybe how that came to be in that transaction?
Gregory J. Larson: Yes, this was an interesting acquisition for us. The Swedish -- Sweden is not part of the eurozone from a currency perspective and so has not been dragged down by a lot of the factors that have otherwise affected Europe. So while the rest of Europe has struggled a bit over these last couple of years, the Swedish economy continue to do reasonably well and is projected to continue to do quite well. If we look at this acquisition, we paid about EUR 220 million per room in euros for the hotel. We think that's probably a 30%, 30-plus percent discount through a replacement cost. And on a cap rate basis, it's just a hair north of the southern cap rate.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm wondering if I could get a better grasp on what's driving the ADR growth. Are you raising prices across the customer segment or is it more of the mix shift that you talk about?
Gregory J. Larson: I think it's probably more that we're raising prices, although we're clearly benefiting from mix shift, too.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And how much do you think the mix shift can benefit you into 2014?
Gregory J. Larson: I've got a quick percentage off the top of my head but I see no reason why we shouldn't continue to see mix shift be a factor next year. Just simply because we're going to -- when you look at the occupancy, I think we're going to finish this year somewhere 75.5%, maybe a touch better in terms of occupancy. So we're, obviously, at a great place in terms of having -- filling up the hotels many nights during the week. So if the group booking pace continues to do well, as we feel it is at this point in time, operators are going to be pretty confident about their ability to sell out during the normal nights during the week where we sell out, which means that the discount business and the government business is already down. But those 2 segments of our business, which tend to be cheaper, will be segments that we will be trying to effectively weed out by not reducing prices to make our hotels attractive for that customer, which will lead to mix shift.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Okay. And turning to the Memphis and Calgary opportunities you guys have this quarter, how many of those do you expect over the next few years?
W. Edward Walter: There always seem to be a few per year. It's hard to predict when opportunities like this are going to come up. So I don't know that I -- but I could tell you, it's going to be 3 or 4 a year, but we're -- we certainly have a few other hotels where we see redevelopment opportunities next year that we're trying to sort through right now. And I'd like to think that we'll -- that those sorts of things will continue to crop up in the portfolio.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Given that maybe in the near term, at least you're more of a net seller, Ed. When you look at next year and you look at the levels of capital investment you've made the last couple of years, do you think 2014 levels of capital investment, CapEx, project CapEx, however you want to categorize them, that the direction of that will be down in '14 versus what you are budgeting for '13?
Gregory J. Larson: I don't know that it will be down a lot. We'll see some reduction. My guess is, is that what we would call maintenance CapEx will be generally consistent with the levels that we've been this year. Then the acquisition CapEx is probably down a bit simply because our acquisition pace this year has been lower. So there's really not a lot of meaningful CapEx that relates to '13's acquisition. We will be finishing up some work on the 2 Hyatts that will carry into next year. And then it's the ROI piece of it that we're really looking at right now and trying to decide how much of that to do next year. We do hope to be able to start the ballroom out in San Diego, which we still are comfortable will be a good investment. So those -- that's probably the areas swings the most. Kind of flowing back to our question that occurred earlier in this conversation, these ROI investments, they generally work, and they generally drive pretty high return. So we have made a conscious internal effort to reprioritize pursuing those types of investments. I don't know how much of that will show up in '14 versus '15. But given the returns that we can get, especially compared to the other opportunities we're seeing, we'd like to exploit those opportunities in our portfolio but that will affect our investment spending.
Operator: We'll go to Nikhil Bhalla with FBR.
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a question in terms of -- you talked about seeing acceleration in bookings in the quarter for the quarter. Any signs on like why that may be the case and what's probably driving that kind of near-term acceleration?
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we have any particular insight into that. I think we have long felt that there was -- there is linkage between employment growth and GDP growth and group bookings. It's -- you'd look at it a little bit and perhaps suggest that in general corporate America because it's really our corporate bookings that are driving this activity. Maybe on the margin, feeling a bit more optimistic and sort of looking to take advantage of whatever is happening within their individual company to try to meet more often, but I don't know that we have a great explanation for why it picked up other than that general sense that perhaps the economy is improving.
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up on the sale of some assets that you referred to earlier. If you can probably give us some sense of what the amount is that we can think about and the possible use of the proceeds.
W. Edward Walter: It's hard to predict the amounts because they tend to be somewhat lumpy. But I guess, I would say in general, is the level of asset sales you've seen over the last couple of years from us was, Greg, has been roughly $400 million or so.
Gregory J. Larson: $450 million or so.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I mean, I would certainly think that our goal for 2014 would be in that range, conceivably higher. And what was the -- I'm sorry, what was the second part of your question?
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just the use of proceeds from...
W. Edward Walter: Use of proceeds.
Nikhil Bhalla - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes.
W. Edward Walter: Well, Greg gave a great description of what we've done so far as we're getting so much closer to achieving our balance sheet objectives, and we certainly hope to kind of get the rest of the way there next year, primarily on EBITDA growth. When we sell an asset today, I think, one option is to invest that in incremental -- in new investments, in new hotels. Another would be some of these ROI-type investments that I described. The third option would be to invest the proceeds from that sale into paying down debt. Most of these transactions are at varying levels of tax -- generating varying levels of taxable income. So if we don't exchange the proceeds on a tax-free basis into a new investment, we're probably going to need to dividend out incremental taxable income so the dividend would go up. And then the other 2 options to really use the proceeds for and what we've been doing, which is paying down debt. And lastly, as the cycle progresses, I mean, one thing we always come back and look at is does it make sense to buy our stock as an investment as opposed to some of the other investment opportunities I described. So all of those things will get looked at as we continue our asset sale program.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Ryan Meliker with MLV and Co.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in the acquisition and disposition market. Are you at the point now where you're struggling to find the right acquisitions because values have gotten too steep and numbers don't pencil out? Is that reminiscent to 2006-2007 time frame of the last cycle? Are things very different in Europe and maybe outside the U.S. than what you're seeing in the U.S.? Just some color on that would be really helpful.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I would not describe our market here as back to '06-'07 levels where in hindsight, and frankly, at that time, we felt pricing was crazy. We're not at those types of levels. I think pricing is competitive but, yes, we're not at points where people are paying what will later look like absurd prices for assets. I think the bigger issue is that while volumes a relatively high this year or higher than where they were last year, they're just -- it's been some limited service portfolios that have not been of interest to us. It has been second -- you're starting to see some pickup in some of the secondary markets. Those are not markets we're interested in acquiring. And generally, a lot of the other assets that have traded have just not been ones that we thought made sense to invest in. But I would not look at the market as it stands right now and say that it's being stretched or the people are really using unrealistic assumptions to justify a purchase. I would contrast Europe, which is really the other markets that's been more active with U.S. and say that there, you're -- there's been less activity in Europe, and the activity that you're seeing there is generally driven more by maturing debt or debt issues as opposed to the sales that are happening in the U.S., which I think are happening more because of the strategy of the individual owner. And maybe they're looking -- they own a fund to cash in essentially or if they're not a fund investor, then they're in a mode where they just want to redeploy the proceeds for other uses. So Europe activity has been at lower levels but it seems to be driven more by the debt issue than anything else so far.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And with regards to -- has the buyer pool in the U.S. change over the past few months and know that we -- maybe it's a one-off in paper, but we've now seen 2 different hedge fund opt for 2 different publicly traded companies over the past weeks. Are we at the point now where we're starting to see a lot more private equity, a lot more [indiscernible] buyers getting involved, or are we not there yet?
W. Edward Walter: Certainly, the recent offers that we've seen would suggest that we're seeing more private activity. One group -- I think right now, part of what you're seeing is that while debt issuance is certainly not back to the levels that we've been in '05, '06 and '07, you are seeing some increasing activity on the debt side. And since a lot of your opportunity fund, private buyers tend to use higher leverage than, say, the REIT universe. They probably sees them being more comfortable in bidding for assets because they're more comfortable that they're going to be able to get the best that they need to provide for that. I think the other buyer that you're seeing is the nonlisted REITs are continuing to raise capital. And so those folks, as they continue to raise capital, continue to invest. So that buyer has been active over the last 12 to 24 months, but they certainly continue to be active today, too.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll return the conference back to President and CEO, Mr. Ed Walter, for any additional or closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to talking with you in February to discuss our year end results and then give you some more detailed insights into 2014. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gregory J. Larson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Smedes Rose - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, April. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts second quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2013. Greg will then provide greater detail on our second quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we'll be available to respond to your questions. Before I turn the call over to Ed, I'd like to remind everyone that at the beginning of this year, we adopted calendar quarter reporting periods and to enable investors to better evaluate our performance, we have presented 2012 RevPAR and certain historical results on a calendar quarter basis we call the 2012 as-adjusted-results. The following discussion of quarterly and year-to-date operating performance will include a comparison between the 3 months and 6 months of operations ended June 30. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another solid quarter of operating results, which were driven by strong rate growth and improvement in both transient and group demand. Strong F&D and other revenue growth combined with improved flow-through led to earnings results that exceeded consensus estimates. We continue to feel good about the fundamentals in the business and our outlook for the remainder of the year, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Let's review our results for the quarter. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the second quarter increased 6.1% to $163 driven by an average rate improvement of 4.5% combined with an occupancy increase of 1.2 percentage points. This increase exceeded starts total U.S. industry RevPAR by 110 basis points. Our comparable average rate was $204. And our average occupancy was nearly 80%, our highest occupancy level since the third quarter of 2000. Comparable hotel food and beverage revenue grew 6.6% as banquet and AV rental increased by nearly 8%. And outlet revenue improved by more than 4.5%. Total comparable revenue growth for the quarter was 6.3%. Excellent flow-through across all departments led to 180-basis-point improvement in our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin for the quarter, resulting in adjusted EBITDA of $431 million, a 23% increase over the prior year. Our adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.45 in the second quarter, an increase of more than 36%. On a year-to-date basis, comparable revenues grew 4.5% as hotel RevPAR increased 5.7% and F&B revenues increased by 3%. Operating profit margins increased 140 basis points, resulting in a year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $714 million. This represented an increase of more than 17.5% and generated adjusted FFO per diluted share of $0.73, which exceeds last year's total by 28%. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our bottom line adjusted EBITDA and FFO growth. While our room revenue growth was slightly impacted by weaker short-term bookings, as well as some unique circumstances in a couple of markets, this was more than offset by our F&B and ancillary income growth, which was above expectations. This overall strength in revenue growth, combined with very strong margins, resulted in a very good quarter. The key driver of our second quarter results was solid increases in demand combined with strong increases in our average rates across all segments of our business. Both our group and transient segments saw demand increases of roughly 2.5% and rate increases of more than 3.5%. Overall, for the quarter, transient revenues were up 6.4% and group revenues increased 6.2%. As a result, our portfolio easily surpassed the industry-wide performance for the quarter. As we discussed in May, the timing of the Easter holiday significantly affected both Q1 and Q2 comparisons and segment trends. As a result, examining the segment performance for the first half of the year may yield better insights from several perspectives. All segments benefited from mix shift as our highest-priced transient demand increased by nearly 9%, and our high-priced corporate demand increased by over 7%. Conversely, our lowest priced business, discount group and contract, decreased by more than 10%. While government business represents just 6% of our overall room nights, we experienced meaningful declines during the first half. Government group was off roughly 35% and transient declined 4%. Excluding the government group business, our overall group demand was roughly flat to last year, but up more than 2.5% in rate. And 2013 rates now exceed 2007 levels. As in the first quarter, our near-term group bookings continue to fall slightly short of last year's levels. Transient demand for the year exceeds 2012 base by approximately 3.5% and ADR is also up 4%. Our transient segment has also outpaced the industry-wide growth for the second quarter. Overall, while we could have expected a stronger contribution from our group segment, we have been pleased with the strength and price of our transient demand. We're also pleased with the strength of our higher-priced group segments as the weakness in demand has been largely focused in the lower rated discount segment. As we look at the remainder of 2013, we expect the group will be weak in the third quarter, as the middle of the quarter tends to be more influenced by discount business and a few events, such as the presidential nominating convention, will not repeat this year. However, our advanced transient bookings continue to look quite solid. Fourth quarter group bookings continue to be quite strong, both in demand and in rate. Looking out further into 2014, both group room nights and rate continue to tread ahead of last year. On the investment front, as we reported in June, we acquired the fee-simple interest in the 426-room Hyatt Place Waikiki Beach in Honolulu for $138.5 million. The hotel underwent a $45 million renovation in 2012 and was converted to a Hyatt Place. It is located approximately a block from Waikiki Beach and from the destination shopping and entertainment districts. Overall, the Waikiki market is a high demand leisure market that is experiencing occupancy rates that run north of 85%. Most of the competitive inventory resides on lease plans. And there are higher barriers to entry for future development. So we are excited to add this hotel in Hawaii to our portfolio. We have an active pipeline at this juncture, and hope to complete additional investments before year-end. But given that the timing in certain of these transactions is hard to predict, we have not included any additional acquisitions in our forecast. On the disposition front, as we announced last month, we sold the Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco for $161 million or approximately $479,000 per key, which represents the highest price paid for a hotel in San Francisco in the last 5 years. We are actively marketing several assets and anticipate completing between $100 million to $150 million in sales before year-end, which is reflected in our guidance. Turning to capital investments, we invested $26 million in redevelopment and return on investment projects in the second quarter as we completed the lobby great room renovation at the Philadelphia Airport, Marriott, as well as the restaurant and bar renovation at the Hyatt Regency Reston. For the full year, we expect to spend approximately $90 million to $100 million on redevelopment and ROI projects. We spent approximately $7 million on acquisition projects this quarter. We've completed the renovation of all 1,625 guestrooms at the Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego. And later this year, we will begin renovation on approximately 100,000 square feet of ballroom and meeting space at this hotel. For the full year, we expect to spend $35 million to $45 million in total on these projects. In terms of maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $76 million in the second quarter and expect to spend $280 million to $300 million for the full year. Projects during the quarter included room renovations at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis and a lobby renovation at the San Diego Marriott Mission Valley. Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. As we have outlined today, we had a great quarter with solid rate growth and increases in food and beverage revenue, which generated exceptional margin performance. Looking at the second half of the year, we expect industry fundamentals to remain favorable. And supply growth will remain low. We expect the transient demand will remain robust, but the short-term group will continue to be slightly weaker than last year. With these trends in mind, we are tightening the range of our guidance, forecasting adjusted EBITDA of $1.290 billion to $1.315 billion and adjusted FFO of $1.28 to $1.32 per share. We now project the comparable hotel RevPAR for the full year will increase between 5.5% and 6.25%. Our year-to-date margin performance gives us confidence to raise our margin guidance to an increase of 100 to 120 basis points for the year. Looking at our dividend, we increased our second quarter common dividend to $0.11 per share. Dividends for the remainder of the year will depend on operating results and gains generated by asset sales. In summary, I'm pleased with our second quarter results and remain confident about our outlook for the remainder of this year and into 2014. We expect the fundamentals in our business will remain strong. And with low supply growth, we will continue to deliver meaningful growth. Thank you. And now, let me turn the call over to Greg Larson, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Houston continued its strong growth, and was our top-performing market for the quarter with RevPAR gains of 16.1%. Occupancy improved 70 basis points. And ADR improved 15% due to the strategies implemented at the end of last year to shift out lower-rated contracting group business while pressing for aggressive special corporate rate increases. We expect Houston to continue with robust first half growth trends, as solid group and transient demand will continue to facilitate a shift in the mix of business to higher-rated segments. Likewise, our Seattle hotels had another great quarter with a RevPAR increase of 14.5%, driven by a 3.8 percentage point increase in occupancy and an improvement in ADR of 9%. Strengths in both group and transient bookings allowed our hotels to drive rate. As in Houston, we expect our Seattle hotels to have a good third quarter due to a solid group base on the books and strong transient demand, creating compressions that will drive group and transient ADR. Our Atlanta hotels also performed well in the quarter with RevPAR up 11.4% as ADR increased 7.8% and occupancy increased 2.3 percentage points. The increase in rate was primarily driven by the NCAA Final 4 in early April. We expect our hotels to continue to outperform in the third quarter due to a strong citywide calendar. Moving out West. As a result of driving rate, RevPAR at our San Francisco hotels increased 11.2%. Although occupancy decreased 1.2 percentage points, ADR increased at a very healthy 12.8%. This rate increase was mainly driven by business mix shift from contracts to higher-rated transient and group business, as well as the San Francisco Marriott Marquis taking advantage of a successful rooms renovation by increasing its rates. With continued high transient demand, we expect our San Francisco hotels will see strong results in the third quarter. Looking to Chicago. Our hotels there increased RevPAR by 10.9% with occupancy improving 1.7 percentage points and ADR increasing 8.6%. The strong performance was boosted by healthy citywide demand in May and June. Substantial group business provided the downtown hotel with the opportunity to yield much higher transient ADR while reducing low-rated discount channels. Further, F&B revenues were up 17.6% with the downtown Chicago hotels as increased group demand translated into excellent catering business. As we look forward into the third quarter, we expect our Chicago hotels to continue to outperform. In Los Angeles, our hotels saw RevPAR increase 8.8% on occupancy growth of 60 basis points and ADR growth of 8%. All hotels in this market had significant rate growth with transient business standing out in particular. We believe that Los Angeles should also experience third quarter, solid third quarter as transient demand strength persists. Although there has been well-documented supply growth in New York, our hotels RevPAR increased 5.7% with a mix of occupancy growth of 3.8 percentage points and an ADR improvement of 1.4%. New York's inability to compress rates has been due to the substantial amounts of new supply. However, our hotels have performed better than the New York market in the face of this temporary adversity as we continue to work with our operators to ensure we are maximizing operations. We believe the third quarter should continue to hold up relatively well when compared to the New York market. As a result of citywide weakness and cancellations related to the Boston Marathon bombing, RevPAR for our Boston hotels underperformed our portfolio in the second quarter. Occupancy increased 1.3 percentage points and ADR, 70 basis points, resulting in a 2.2% increase in RevPAR. In-house group sales have materialized at the pace we had anticipated, but we expect our Boston properties to improve in the third quarter. Having said that, these hotels will likely continue to underperform the rest of our portfolio. It is not a secret to anyone listening in on this call that our Washington, D.C. hotels continue to struggle in the second quarter due to weakness in government and government-related travel stemming from the sequester. However, we did see a slight increase in RevPAR of 30 basis points resulting from growth in ADR of 40 basis points, offset by an occupancy decrease of 10 basis points. Our hotels in the central business district outperformed the hotels in the suburbs. RevPAR for our Hyatt Capitol Hill and our non-comp Grand Hyatt Washington increased nearly 6% on a combined basis. Given the continued weakness in government travel, we expect our hotels in DC to underperform the portfolio in the third quarter. Although our hotels in Latin America have significantly outperformed in the past 2 years, these hotels have struggled in the second quarter. The extensive renovations at our JW Marriott Mexico City and the political unrest in Brazil contributed to our RevPAR decline of 10% in the second quarter. Despite the civil unrest during the Confederations Cup soccer tournament and uncertainty surrounding government policies negatively affecting Brazil, the JW Marriott Rio's RevPAR only decreased 4.4% on local currency. However, our 2 properties in Chile declined 13% in local currency due to the unrest in Brazil, coupled with the reduction in trade with China and the slowing demand for copper. In addition to the political and economic issues surrounding our Latin America hotels, JW Marriott Mexico City has been under extensive renovations in nearly all public areas and guestrooms. The renovations are expected to be completed in the third quarter. The devastating floods in Alberta, Canada in late June forced the Calgary Marriott to evacuate its guests. And it was closed for 9 days. Even with the closure in June, our Calgary Marriott posted positive RevPAR results of 3.6% in local currency in the second quarter, but the hotel underperformed our forecast by almost 17 percentage points. The timing of the floods could not have been worse for that area as it impacted both the second and third quarters, including Calgary's largest event, the Calgary Stampede. It's an annual event that begins in early July and runs for 10 days. Hotels during this time are usually sold out at very high rate. But due to the flood, out-of-town demand significantly decreased. Therefore, we expect the Calgary Marriott will underperform in the third quarter. Despite the continued overall weakness in the eurozone economies, less citywide events and weaker trade fair demand, the pro forma RevPAR for the 19 hotels in our European joint venture, which includes the 5-hotel portfolio acquired in 2012, increased 3.9% for the quarter in constant euros. ADR improved 1.9%. And occupancy was up 1.6 percentage points. The ADR improvement was mainly due to an increase in higher-rated corporate group bookings, which allows the hotels to yield higher transient rates. The best-performing hotels in the quarter were Courtyard La Defense, Marriott Rive Gauche and Pullman Paris Bercy, as all 3 benefited from the air show in Paris in the second quarter. In addition, the Westin Europa & Regina also outperformed, primarily as a result of high-rated incentive and corporate group business. Sheraton Warsaw, Sheraton Skyline and Le Mridien Nuremberg underperformed this past quarter due to less citywide events and weaker trade fair demand. We remain cautiously optimistic about the third quarter for our European hotels. We expect to see some occupancy increasing while ADR will likely decrease due to the inflated rates during the London Olympics last year. One additional item to note. We've successfully refinanced the mortgage loans secured by our portfolio of 5 properties in the European joint venture during the quarter. In the connection with the refinancing, the joint venture reduced the outstanding principal amount of the mortgage loan by EUR 95 million to EUR 242 million. Our portion of this reduction was EUR 37 million, which was funded through a draw on our credit facility. The new loan carries a 3-year term with a 1-year extension and bears interests at an initial all-in rate of 4.5%. For the quarter, comparable hotel adjusted operating margins increased 180 basis points. Margin growth benefited from 75% of the RevPAR growth being driven by improvements in ADR. Also helping the improvement in margin was a 6.6% increase in food and beverage revenues with F&B profit growth of 15.5%. The F&B profit increase was due to the positive mix shift to banquet and AV sales, as well as a solid catering contribution. Strong group demand, which led to group revenue growth of 6.2%, further contributed to the increase of F&B. We also saw that corporate group business was particularly healthy throughout the quarter and association group business primarily benefited from the shift of the Easter holiday into the first quarter. Support costs, which include G&A, repairs and maintenance, sales and marketing and utilities, increased slightly less than 1%. Looking to the rest of the year, we expect RevPAR will continue to be driven primarily by rate growth, which should lead to solid rooms flow-through. However, we are not forecasting F&B and other revenues to increase at the same pace as the second quarter. We expect support cost to increase slightly for the remainder of the year. And we forecast that utility rates will likely increase. We should also note that we've successfully completed the process of renewing our property insurance program, which translates into insurance cost increasing at about inflation for the next 12 months. As a result of the items I have just outlined, we believe full year comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin should increase 100 basis points at the low end of the range and increase 120 basis points at the high end of the range. At this point, we are forecasting that roughly 20% to 21% of our full year EBITDA will be earned in the third quarter. Moving to our balance sheet. During the quarter, we repaid or redeemed $846 million of debt with an average interest rate of 7.2%, which was funded through the issuance of $400 million of 3.75% Series B senior notes and available cash. Since the beginning of 2012, we have reduced our total debt by $1 billion, decreased our weighted average interest rate of 5% and extended the weighted average debt maturities to 5.6 years. We have significantly improved our credit statistics, including decreasing our leverage ratio. As of June 30, 2013, we have approximately $393 million of cash, $798 million of available capacity under the credit facility. In the quarter, we issued 4.8 million shares of common stocks at an average price of $18.31 per share for net proceeds of approximately $87 million through our at-the-market program. The proceeds were used to fund a portion of our Hyatt Waikiki acquisition. Additional issuances will be based on the level of acquisition and disposition opportunities and the level of our stock price. In summary, it was a successful quarter, highlighted by strong margin growth, driven by increases in RevPAR outperformance, especially in the markets such as Houston, Seattle, Atlanta, Chicago and Los Angeles. We completed a complex refinancing for our European joint venture, and we continue to work to improve our industry-leading investment-grade balance sheet. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll hear from Joshua Attie of Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You highlighted that food and beverage and audiovisual revenue was a strong contributor to profitability. And I think you also said that you don't expect that to continue. Can you just talk about what were the drivers of that growth in the second quarter? Were they a couple of large meetings? And can you provide some commentary on why it's not sustainable or why you don't think it's the start of a broader trend?
W. Edward Walter: Well, Josh, I think that the primary driver of the strong performance in food and beverage in the second quarter was the strong level of group that we had in that quarter. Our group room rates were up about 2.5%. And that obviously contributes to better F&B performance. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our banquets and AV revenue were up about 8%, which is really -- we didn't quite research this, but my sense is that's probably the best we've seen over the course of this recovery. On the other hand, because we also had some expansion on the transient side, our outlets did quite well, too. And that's been an area of focus over the last couple of years. So we were pleased to see that. Now as it relates to the second half of the year, here's how I would probably explain this. Our first half of the year, if you combine the first 2 quarters, food and beverage growth was about 3%. Now one of the things to remember is that 3% doesn't take into account the fact that last year had an extra day because of the leap year. If you adjust for that, food and beverage growth in the first half of the year was really more like 3.5%. As we look at the second half of the year, consistent with my comments, we see weaker business, group business in the third quarter and stronger group business in the fourth quarter. We would assume that food and beverage would probably -- performance would track those trends. We're estimating in our guidance that food and beverage could range from 2.5% to 3.5%. The midpoint of that is obviously 3%. So that would suggest that we'd be about equal with what we achieved in the first half of the year. But I wouldn't really rule out the fact that we could do better in the second half of the year than we did in the first. I wouldn't be expecting to do as well as we did in the second quarter. But if you compare the halves, I think there's an opportunity for upside. But as we commented in the past, food and beverage is notoriously difficult to predict. And consequently, we've gone with what we think is the realistic but hopefully conservative estimate.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. And sort of a related question, your occupancy for the portfolio is running pretty high at close to 80% and that's even with group being slower. I know it was good in the second quarter, but generally your occupancy was pretty high and that's with even kind of weaker group. So you've been able to replace it with other segments. Can you kind of remind us what is group on a full year basis today versus what you think it should be at this point in the cycle? And then I don't know if you have this number handy, but can you kind of help us think about what's kind of the profit opportunity of closing that gap, of remixing toward greater group? And how much incremental profits do you think you can get just from that remixing from having greater food and beverage and ancillary revenue?
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I don't know that we can really respond to the second part of your question other than we would obviously expect that as we close the gap on the group side that it's because that will help both with food and beverage revenue, as well as with driving better transient pricing because we will essentially shrunk the hotels. We would certainly expect that, that would be higher. To put where we are into context on group, at this point, as we've talked before, in the downturn, we lost about 19% of our group room nights overall. And at this stage, we're running about 9% or so behind where we were in 2007. So broadly speaking, over the course of the recovery so far, we've closed about half of the gap that developed in the 2008 and 2009 downturn. So obviously as we -- we're already back to the occupancy level that we had in 2007. So part of what would be happening as we continue to add group in future years is you'd be expecting both the prices on that group would go up. And as I mentioned in my comments, our pricing on group this quarter was already above where we were in '07. But that pricing should continue to improve. And just as importantly, transient pricing should also begin to accelerate further.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Ed, your quarter and the outlook were relatively more optimistic than your peers. So you've already reported in general and on group even though that you've hedged some of the strength that you're seeing in group in your comment. Just wondering if you could talk us through what some of the differences are here?
W. Edward Walter: Well, I think as it relates to the quarter what I'd like to think is it's a combination of us being -- earning the right assets in the right markets. Combined with the fact that, as we've commented previously, we've invested a fair amount of money in our hotels over the last 3 to 4 years. And we were expecting to begin to reap the benefits of that this year as our construction spending declines a bit. And therefore, we had less business interruption. So I think that's, in some ways, if I were look at the primary driver of it, it really ties into the fact that it's the right assets in the right condition and the right market.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Are you marketing to groups perhaps differently than your peers are?
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we would necessarily assume that. I mean, it depends on which peers we're talking about, of course. I mean, to the extent of the peers share the same operators that we do. I don't know that we would be marketing any differently to those groups. We have -- I think that part of this, again, ties back into some of the capital investments we've made. We have tried to wherever we could create more flexibility in our meeting space platforms. So as trends ebb and flow relative to the size of groups and the frequency of groups, we're in the best position possible to be able to track that business.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And your answer actually is a good segue to my next question, which really is that you'd still have a fair amount of properties under renovation. So how should we think about the RevPAR impact of those as they roll off?
W. Edward Walter: Well, certainly, as we continue -- as we work our way through this cycle as a particular hotel has been renovated, I would expect that you'd see better performance in the following year, both because the disruption; and secondarily, because we would have made the property better. Yes, if I were to look at this year though in the context of what we would call maintenance CapEx, we're talking about a range of $280 million to $300 million for this year. So that to me is a level that we would generally expect to sustain going forward. So -- and it could drop down in a particular year. But the reality is that, that's probably a relatively -- that would be what I would expect we would need to spend.
Operator: Joe Greff, JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: With regard to the non-room revenue performance in the second quarter, was there a noticeable divergence in performance between April and then May and June?
W. Edward Walter: I think April was stronger in general, but in part because there was probably some better spending as it related to some of the group events in golf and spa and things like that. But a lot of the improvement that we saw in the first half of the year in other revenue was probably most affected by the fact that we're getting the benefit of the new retail deal that we have at the Marquis, which, of course, has significantly increased the rent that we are paid relative to the retail there. And that would apply across the quarter. That wouldn't be specific once a month.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And Greg, looking at the weighted average diluted share count contemplated in the guidance, it looks like -- you contemplated within the guidance additional ATM proceeds. Is that correct? And roughly how much do you have in there?
Gregory J. Larson: That is correct. In our forecast, if you look at it for the rest of the year, we're forecasting that we'll issue another 5 million shares for the rest of the year. But of course, as we've said in our comments, that's all really going to depend -- it depends on our outlook for acquisition. It clearly depends on our outlook for dispositions. And certainly, it also depends on our stock price. So look, that number could vary, but that's what we have in our forecast.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Ryan Meliker of MLV & Co.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Obviously, group has been kind of the big topic this week with regards to earnings in the lodging space. You gave us some good color on the quarter. Can you put some numbers behind where your group pace is looking for the rest of the year? I know you said that you're looking weak in 3Q and strong in 4Q. Last quarter, I think you had said that demand was pacing up 3%, and revenue up 6% for the year. How much is that falling off now?
W. Edward Walter: I'm not certain it was quite that high as the last call. I think the numbers were a little bit lower than that, to be honest. But what I would tell you is that at this point for the year, we would be expecting that -- as we look at the second half of the year, I think we're going to find that room nights are probably about flat, but that we've got a pretty solid rate increase for the second half of the year. So we would expect revenues to be up, call it, 3% to 3.5%, but the room night element of it to be roughly flat. I think if you go back to look at where we were at the end of the first quarter, I think we were looking there -- we probably were thinking for the remainder of the year, we were higher. But that, of course, included what we knew was going to be a very strong second quarter. So that might be what you were remembering.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Sure, that makes sense. And then do you feel like you guys have any material mix shift left in the portfolio that can help boost RevPAR without necessarily seeing like-for-like demand or like-for-like rates moving on it?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think we do. We're still at a point where despite the fact that we've had, say, just to stick with group for a second, despite the fact that we had really strong corporate group improvement in the second quarter and in the first half of the year, we've only recovered about half of the decline that we saw in that area from '07 to '09. So I would really expect that as we continue to see the economy recover, and in our minds more importantly as we continue to see employment recover, that we will see continued growth in corporate group. And that will displace the discount group that we had taken in when that number had -- when the corporate group had declined. When you switch up to transient, certainly, what we're going to be attempting to do over the course of the next few years is continuing to try to drive all of our transient business into higher-priced segments. And so I would expect that we would see a continued mix shift. I'd also expect to see continued increases in rate within segments, too.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then one last question, your margin assumptions for the back half of the year imply pretty material deceleration for the front half. I know 2Q was really strong in terms of margins. But is there anything else going on in the back half of the year that's going to limit margins? I know, Greg, you mentioned utilities being higher and lower F&B revenues in the back half of the year, and group not being quite as strong. Was there anything else we should think about that might limit margins?
W. Edward Walter: No. I think that, yes, when we looked across the board, most of the difference relates to the fact that -- and I mentioned previously that we were benefiting in the first half of the year from the significant increase in rental that we were receiving relative to the retail project on the Marquis. We began to receive that increased rental in the third quarter of last year. So when we -- as we look at the second half of the year, we're generally expecting lower levels of other income than what we saw in the first half of the year in terms of -- or lower levels of growth in other income compared to what we saw in the first half of the year. And that's a primary driver because of that. On the food and beverage side, we have been both, I think, trying to be conservative relative to the level of revenue. We've also been conservative relative to the level of flow-through on that revenue. So that makes the difference. And then as Greg mentioned, we've been pleased to see utility expenses down in the first half of the year. We have forecast modest increases for the second half. I'll be honest. That's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen because it's not -- it's both rate and how hot or cold it is. So both of those have an effect. So I think we've gone with a more conservative estimate there. But that could turn out differently. So I don't know that there's -- certainly, we're incredibly pleased with how well we did in Q2. And we're going to strive our best to try to continue that type of success. But we didn't -- we're not going to predict that it's going to stay that strong for the second half.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from David Loeb of Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you give us a little color on your return expectations for Waikiki and what kind of cap rate you achieved in the sale of the Ritz-Carlton San Francisco?
W. Edward Walter: Yes. Our return expectations for Waikiki would to be -- we think we're going to generate a fairly significant premium to our cost of capital. And I think in terms of unlevered ROI, we'll be expecting to be in the 9.5 to 10 range for that asset. And then, Greg, what have we ended up -- what have we disclosed relative to the Ritz?
Gregory J. Larson: The Ritz, look, I think the cap rate, David, on the Hyatt property was north of 6%. And I'd say on the Ritz, it was probably the cap rate was half that.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's a nice spread. Ed, to follow up on the renovation question. You have finished some major projects. You've really put the portfolio in a very good position. Are you seeing -- do you think you're seeing some RevPAR tailwinds now from those renovations? And how long do you think those continue?
W. Edward Walter: I think we are seeing some tailwinds from that. And I think that would account for the outperformance in the second quarter. I would expect that, that should continue through the year, to be honest.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And can you comment a little bit on transaction markets in Europe and Australia? Do you see portfolio deals coming together? Is there financing for that? Is there a lot of competition for assets in those markets?
W. Edward Walter: There's more -- speaking of Europe first, we're not -- I haven't really seen much in the way of portfolio transactions there or at least one set had a realistic chance of happening. There were a few portfolios that were on the market because there were some challenging financial circumstances, but it does not look as if it was possible for anyone to structure a deal that would work, that would appease the lender. So generally, what we're looking at there is more single-asset transactions. And we are certainly looking at a couple of transactions over there right now. In Australia, I'm aware of 1, maybe 2 smaller portfolios that are on the market. But our sense is that those portfolios will probably end up being broken up and sold in 1s and 2s as opposed to in 5s and 6s. The market there is fairly healthy and fairly rational, which is good to see. And while we have some concern in Australia about the impact of lower demand for commodities, overall, we still feel pretty good about economic growth in Australia. So that continues to be a market we are interested in acquiring in.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And one final housekeeping. Was there any onetime charge related to severance with Larry's departure?
W. Edward Walter: Yes. There was -- there would be a normal severance charge related to that, which is incorporated in our...
Gregory J. Larson: Corporate expense.
W. Edward Walter: Corporate expenses for the second quarter.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Bill Crow of Raymond James.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions here. Ed, can you just remind us, is group, what, 40% of your total demand? Is that a fair number?
W. Edward Walter: Just a little bit less than that, Bill. I say right now, we would probably expect on a full year basis, it's about 37%. But you're right, in the past, it had been more along the lines of 40% to 41%.
Gregory J. Larson: And I think at the peak of the last cycle, we were as high as 42%.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if you look at how you typically enter a year, you typically have, what, 80% of it on the books and 20% is in the year for the year? Is that a good way to think about it?
W. Edward Walter: I would say it's probably more of a 70% to 75% at the beginning of the year. And then you fill in during the course of the year. At this point, as we look at the full year, we have gotten 95% of the group rooms we would expect to do on the books at this point.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So how does next year look from a percentage of your expected total, as well as the pace?
W. Edward Walter: We are over 50% of the rooms that we would expect to do in '14 are on the books. And we're continuing to trend ahead of where we were at this time last year for 2014.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And so your pace is up?
W. Edward Walter: Yes.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right, right. And I think I've heard you say before that you could ultimately sell $2 billion worth of assets that you've identified, the portfolio that may not be core long-term for the company. Is there any sense of urgency given interest rates moving up, et cetera, getting further into the cycle to start accelerating the pace of those divestitures or maybe taking the place of ATM issuances therefore?
W. Edward Walter: Well, certainly we -- as we highlighted in, I believe, both the press release and our comments, we are hopeful of completing at least a couple more sales over the course of this year. And we will be intending to put about a handful of properties on the market in the fall with the goal of selling all of them. So I think it's fair to say that we do have a goal of selling more properties. And while we feel good about the length of the cycle, and therefore don't feel as if we're running up against the deadline that where we need to push things out quickly. On the other hand, we also recognize that you got to start, and each of these deals tends to be a process. And we generally feel that we're at a point in the cycle where we can achieve for the assets we're selecting to sell, fair prices relative to the whole values we would assign to them.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then finally for me, any update on your thoughts for next year for both D.C., which is obviously mired in some government issues and new supply, as well as New York?
W. Edward Walter: As it relates to D.C., we're still not seeing group bookings or convention bookings picking up for '14. I think the general sense was that '14 would be relatively flat to '13. So I think what will be the driver for D.C. will not be group, but rather whether what happens with government and what happens on the Hill to the extent for the downtown hotels, that can drive business if there is an enhanced legislative activity. New York's a little bit harder call. I think most of the industry experts and certainly our analysis suggests that supply growth in New York will be fairly considerable next year. I think we're looking at numbers that approach 7%, which is a pretty big number, especially given the amount of supply that has hit over the course of the last 3 years there. New York market has been remarkably resilient in accommodating the new rooms. But as all of you have commented, it has been difficult to achieve rate growth in New York given the new supply. New York will get a little bit of a boost in the beginning of the year because they will be hosting the Super Bowl. And so I've noticed that our group bookings in New York are up meaningfully. And I think a lot of it relates to the Super Bowl event, which is especially when it hit the market during a nonpeak time, which is what will be happening here, can have a considerable impact. But I think unfortunately, we'll find that New York is still going to be not as strong as we'd like it to be because of the supply coming into the market.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess not to beat a dead horse on group demand, but Ed, do you think that ultimately we'll see group reclaim a historical share of industry revenue and profit? And I guess how long do you think that could take?
W. Edward Walter: Well, first of all, that certainly is a very good question. And I know that I hope that it does. It's hard to tell right now whether it will. And certainly, this has been a topic throughout the industry over the course of the last couple of years. And I would say broadly speaking, we're probably all a little bit disappointed with the pace of the group recovery. I've probably, in terms of assessing this, the broader perspective that we have is in some areas, it does seem as if the sort of overall level of demand, and in this context, I'm thinking of association business, may have reset itself at a slightly different trajectory than where it was pre-downturn. And by that, I mean that in the course of the downturn, we have the sense that a number of the association shrunk their events by a day or so in an effort to reduce costs and continue to attract attendees. And it seems that those events were successful enough in the shorter form that we may have seen a reset in association demand. I'm not certain that, that necessarily applies as much to corporate level demand. As I commented earlier, corporate demand is still in our portfolio, and I'm going to assume for the industry, well behind where it was in the prior peak. But as I mentioned last year, or last quarter rather, we have often found a relatively close correlation between employment growth or employment and corporate demand. And I think that when you're still in the -- I think the stats today came out of, what was it, 7.4% unemployment. We're still at an area where companies are being very thoughtful about costs. And I'm not convinced that they're necessarily as focused on having events that are designed to retain employees. If we get back to 5%, 5.5% unemployment, and the employment markets become a bit more competitive, it seems logical to me that companies will have a different perspective about that. And so I'm probably more optimistic about the ability to recover this shortfall that we're seeing on the corporate side than I am necessarily the shortfall that we're seeing on the association side. So at the end of the day, I think it will take a while to get back to where we were before. In our case, we may have a better shot at getting to those levels in part because of the investments we've made in incremental meeting space. But clearly, it's been a slow recovery from what was an incredible downturn in '08 and '09.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And concerning the Grand Hyatt you purchased in D.C., I know Washington D.C. has probably been a little weaker than you guys originally underwrote. But I guess, I'm curious, how does that property perform maybe versus your original expectation? And did it cause you to maybe reset particularly with the Marriott coming online in the next year or 2, what your prospects are for that property?
W. Edward Walter: We're not -- we had been fairly conservative in our underwriting for 2013 for the Hyatt. We had known that group would not be particularly strong. We also knew that we were going to be doing some renovation at the hotel, carrying over into the first quarter. So my guess is the only part that we were probably a bit disappointed in so far this year was that inauguration turned out to be less of an event that it typically was. And I think that probably happened for a variety of reasons. Other than that, I think we've actually been relatively pleased with how that property has done. We would still be of a mind that the completion of the Marriott and the enhanced positioning of D.C. from a convention perspective will be a good thing for the market. And while we are leery of having one other big competitor in the market, we would tend to view our hotels as better positioned for the leisure customer relative to the new Marquis just because of where we're located in the city. But we'll also be in a position that because they will be the primary convention hotel, it will afford us more flexibility of when events are held in town to be able to be maybe a little bit more aggressive in the pricing that we look for because we will not need to commit the same amount of group block that we did in the past in order to attract an event.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And maybe just 2 more questions. One is just to angle in a little differently, maybe the numbers you have on trends and asset prices. If you had to sell the Grand Hyatt again today, do you think you could sell it for more than you purchased it for?
W. Edward Walter: Hard to say. My guess is the pricing would be about comparable where we are recognizing what's happened with the asset. But I would also say this, we obviously bought the property for less than what we had originally contracted for it. And I wouldn't be anxious to sell a lot of properties in DC right now. I think it's DC is the red letter, one of the red letter markets in the country. And so if anything, we still believe in the long run that Washington is going to continue to be an attractive market. The things that are happening in the city, if you leave out some of the challenges around the government side, the things that are happening in the city are making the city that much more attractive from a leisure perspective and, frankly, from a business perspective, too. So I -- we haven't really lost any confidence in Washington. We had assumed that this was going to be -- and recognized because of some of the weaknesses on the group side that it was going to be a more challenging market for the next 2 years. But as I think Arne commented in either his comments or in his answers to questions, we've lost so much government business already. There's not a lot more to lose. So at some point, you're going to start to see things turn around. And it's still a great place to visit.
Gregory J. Larson: Yes. And Jeff, despite the challenges that Ed mentioned, I mean that hotel this quarter, I mean its RevPAR growth is north of 5.5%.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And just one last question, I guess, certainly due respect to my friend, Greg, but can you talk about maybe what led to the decision to remove Larry as CFO because it's just from our perspective, it seemed rather abrupt. And I was just curious what color you're going to offer there?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would -- I mean, I think, Jeff, it's only appropriate to really refer back to what we've said in the press release, that it was really just a decision to make some restructuring in terms of management. And that was -- in this case, that was -- Greg was the best answer in that role.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Smedes Rose of Evercore.
Smedes Rose - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you about your disposition of Ritz, that it looks like you have an operating guaranteed for payments of up to $4 million a year. Is that just sort of a special situation for this particular hotel? Or is that these kinds of guarantees is such what you need to offer to get deals done now? Or maybe just a little more color around that? And would you expect to fund that?
W. Edward Walter: Smedes, I think this is a special circumstance. And as we talked about the cash flow, this property was quite low. And so I think we've realized early on that it was going to be difficult for a buyer to really put property level debt on this property. And so we felt comfortable putting up this 3.5-year guarantee where we're guaranteeing a certain level of cash flow each year. And as you point out, it's really capped at $4 million per year. And there's an overall cap of $11 million. And we think that when we look at our forecast for that property, we think we'll be out a small amount under the guarantee. So when we looked at everything, we thought that by offering the guarantee, we could really increase the price significantly. And so we thought it was worth it.
Operator: Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I think you had commented previously that you expect to see a net buyer of assets for the year. Is that still the case?
W. Edward Walter: I would say that we still hope to be a net buyer. If I look at the number of assets that we are at least evaluating right now for purchase, I think that it's very conceivable that we could be a net buyer. But I would also say that we -- if we end up being a net seller at the end of year because we're getting attractive pricing for our sales, and we're not able to buy at levels that we're comfortable with, then that's also fine.
Operator: And that will conclude the question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to our presenters.
W. Edward Walter: Great. Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. And we appreciated the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight in the remainder of 2013 on our third quarter call in the fall. Have a great weekend, and enjoy the rest of your summer.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Gee Lingberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC, and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer; and Greg Larson, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy. This morning, Ed will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2013. Larry will then provide greater detail on our first quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. But before I turn the call over to Ed for his prepared remarks, I'd like to remind everyone that, with the beginning of this year, we adopted calendar quarter reporting periods compared to 2012 where we reported based on the fiscal quarters that had been used by Marriott International. Accordingly, our revenues, net income, adjusted EBITDA, diluted earnings per share and NAREIT and adjusted FFO per diluted share quarterly results for 2013 are not comparable to the historical quarterly results for 2012 due to the change in periods. To enable investors to better evaluate our performance, we have presented 2012 RevPAR and certain historical results on a calendar quarter basis we call the 2012 as-adjusted-results. The 2012 as-adjusted first quarter results include an adjustment to add the operations for March 24, 2012 through March 31, 2012, for our Marriott-managed hotels, and an adjustment to add the March operations for our hotels managed by Ritz-Carlton, Hyatt, Starwood and other managers who report on a calendar basis, as our historical first quarter results only included January and February operations for these properties. The following discussion of operating performance will include a comparison between the 3 months of operations ended March 31 for both years. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee, and good morning, everyone. And before I get started, let me apologize in advance for the state of my voice. The allergy season in D.C. has been particularly bad for me this week. It probably wasn't the best idea I had to attend my son's lacrosse game last night, but it was a good one to have seen. I assure you, I feel much better than I sound and more importantly, I feel much better about our business than I sound. So with that, we are pleased to report that 2013 is off to a strong start with another quarter of outstanding results for the company. Although the timing of the Easter and Passover holidays presented difficult comparisons for the month of March, overall strong rate growth, coupled with margin growth that was better than expected, led to earnings results that exceeded consensus estimates. Consistent with our commentary on the year-end call in February, we continue to feel good about the fundamentals of our business and our outlook for the remainder of the year, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. First, let's review our results for the quarter. First quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels increased 5.1%, driven primarily by an increase in our average rate of 4%, coupled with an occupancy improvement of 0.7 percentage points, to over 72%. The calendar challenges led to a slight reduction in comparable food and beverage revenues, while other revenues jumped 5.6%, which resulted in overall revenue growth of 2.6%. These year-over-year revenue growth percentages would be roughly 100 basis points higher if 2012 had not been a leap year. Excellent cost-containment measures, combined with strong rate growth, led to solid margin expansion, as comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins increased 85 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA was $283 million, an increase of more than 10% over last year. Our first quarter adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.28, which exceeded consensus estimates and reflects a nearly 17% increase over last year. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our results. The key drivers of our first quarter results were solid increases in transient average rate and demand. As I mentioned earlier, the shift in Easter and Passover, from April in 2012 to March in 2013, created difficult comparisons to the prior year and impacted our downtown hotels that are highly reliant on group and business travelers. However, our hotels in resort locations benefited from the holiday shift, as RevPAR increased 11.6%. Starting with our transient business, we experienced rate increases across all of our business segments in all 3 months of the quarter, resulting in a more than 4.5% increase in rate. When adjusted for the leap year, demand was also positive in all 3 months of the quarter, and our highest-rated premium segment increased over 13%. In addition, demand for our higher-rated promotional segments also increased double digits, while our lower-rated government segment declined 1.5%. Holiday and leisure travel positively impacted our March results, with transient demand up more than 7% and rate up 4%, leading to a revenue increase of 11.5% for the month. Overall, our first quarter transient results, when adjusted for the leap year, reflected an increase in demand of more than 5%, and combined with the rate increase, resulted in more than 10% increase in revenue. On the group front, 2013 started strong in January with an increase in room nights of nearly 3%, coupled with the rate increase for that month of nearly 3.5%. In February, adjusted for the leap year, demand was essentially flat while average rate was up more than 1%. In March, demand was up more than 4.5% in the first 3 weeks of the month, but volume in the final holiday-impacted week declined nearly 45%, resulting in a 12.5% decline for March with rates up slightly. Overall, group demand, adjusted for the leap year, declined by nearly 4%, but from a segment perspective, we were pleased to see an increase in our high-priced corporate business. The bulk of the decline was driven by reductions in our discount business, which included a few cancellations from government and government-related groups. In addition, a decrease in short-term government bookings contributed to the shortfall. Group rates improved by more than 1%, leading to a revenue decline in our group business of approximately 2.5% for the quarter. Looking at the rest of the year, while booking activity in the first quarter was weak, our booking pace remained solid for the remainder of the year, with pace up almost 3% and revenues up over 6%. At this point, we believe about 85% of our full-year group bookings are already under contract. The second and fourth quarters look quite strong, while the third quarter is essentially flat, in part due to the absence of the Republican Presidential Convention in Tampa, where our hotels served as the headquarters. Looking further out, bookings for 2014 picked up very nicely during the first quarter, suggesting that we are seeing some lengthening of the booking cycle. As we mentioned last year, we are working on various value-enhancement projects, where we evaluate and find alternate uses for existing hotel space or excess land to enhance or generate new revenue. Specifically, this month we sold approximately 4 acres of land adjacent to the Newport Beach Marriott Hotel and Spa for $24 million. The land, which had previously been used for tennis courts, was sold to a luxury homebuilder and has been approved for the development and sale of 79 luxury condominiums. The company recognized a gain of $21 million, which will be included in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted FFO next quarter. On the transaction front, we continue to expect to be active on both acquisitions and dispositions, as we look to increase our investment in target markets and look to reduce our exposure in non-core locations. We intend to be a net acquirer in 2013 and have active pipelines, both in sales and acquisitions, and anticipate acquisition activity in the range of $135 million to $150 million in the second quarter. However, given the difficulty in predicting the timing of completing transactions, our guidance does not assume the effect of any acquisitions or dispositions. Turning to capital investments for the first quarter. We invested $21 million in redevelopment and return on investment capital projects. We completed the construction of a pavilion at the JW Marriott Desert Springs Resort & Spa, and also converted a restaurant in the meeting space at the Westin New York Grand Central. For the full year, we expect to spend approximately $90 million to $100 million. We spent approximately $15 million on acquisition projects in the first quarter. We completed the renovation of all of the 888 guestrooms at the Grand Hyatt Washington, and continued work on the guestroom renovations in the second tower of the Manchester Grand Hyatt in San Diego. For the full year, we expect to spend $40 million to $50 million in total on these projects. In terms of maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $87 million in the first quarter and expect to spend $270 million to $290 million for the full year. Projects in the quarter included room renovations at the Philadelphia Airport Marriott, San Francisco Marriott Marquis and the San Diego Marriott Mission Valley hotels, as well as the renovation of almost 40,000 square feet of meeting space and public space at the Ritz-Carlton. Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of 2013. With fundamentals expected to remain strong for the balance of the year, we continue to expect our comparable hotel RevPAR growth for the year to be 5% to 7%. On the margin side, given the increasing importance of rate growth, we believe we can drive incremental profitability and strong flow-through, therefore, we expect margin increases of 60 basis points to 120 basis points, which is 10 basis points higher than what we described in February. Based on these improved operating assumptions, as well as the gain on sale of the land at the Newport Beach Resort and Spa, we are increasing our adjusted EBITDA guidance to $1.275 billion to $1.335 billion and our adjusted FFO per share for the year, between $1.25 and $1.33. Roughly 1/2 of the improvement in FFO was related to the expected higher EBITDA and the other 1/2 reflects the benefits of less expensive debt. Confirming the benefits of the capital investment decisions we have made over the last few years, which are contributing to stronger operating results, the midpoint in our guidance suggests EBITDA growth of 10% over 2012. The combination of better operations, opportunistic debt refinancings and the careful use of equity to fund growth, have generated, at the midpoint, adjusted FFO per share growth of 17% over 2012. Looking at our dividend, we increased our first quarter common dividend to $0.10 per share. Dividends for the remainder of the year will depend on operating results and gains on asset sales. In summary, we are very pleased with our results for the quarter and remain confident about our outlook for the remainder of 2013. Based on our expectations for fundamentals in the business, including a supply growth forecast that remains below historical averages, we continue to believe that the current growth cycle in lodging will be sustained. Our portfolio is well-positioned to benefit from these strong fundamentals, particularly given the significant investment we have made in our assets in the form of maintenance capital, ROI and repositioning investments. Thank you. And now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Our top-performing market for the quarter was San Antonio with RevPAR growth of 16.6%. Occupancy improved 4 percentage points and ADR improved over 10%, as the group mix shifted to higher-rated association and corporate business. We expect San Antonio to have a weaker second quarter and then perform better in the second half of the year, due to strong citywide bookings. RevPAR for our Boston hotels increased 14.2%, driven by a 7 percentage-point increase in occupancy and an improvement in ADR of over 2%. The outperformance was driven by in-house group demand, which created compression to drive rate. We expect our Boston hotels to have a good second quarter, due to solid in-house group bookings. The marathon bombs and subsequent manhunt in Boston had a small negative impact on our hotels in the second quarter. Our Miami/Fort Lauderdale hotels also performed well, with RevPAR up 12.8%, as ADR increased nearly 15% and occupancy declined 1.5 percentage points. Strength in both group and transient bookings allowed our hotels to drive rate. We expect our Miami/Fort Lauderdale hotels to perform in line with the portfolio in the second quarter. RevPARs for our New York hotels increased 12.1%. ADR improved slightly, but occupancy increased more than 8 percentage points. Demand in New York was very strong. One component of that demand is overseas arrivals. At this point, approximately 1/3 of the overseas arrivals into the U.S. go to New York City, which is 20 percentage points better than Los Angeles, the second highest market with 13%. With renovations last year at the Sheraton New York, the New York Marriott Marquis and the W Union Square, our first quarter results in 2013 benefited from the favorable comparisons. Although, first quarter results this year were negatively affected by the final phase of the Sheraton New York's meeting space renovations and mechanical work at the W New York, we expect our New York hotels to continue to perform well due to an increase in both group and transient demand and less overall renovation disruption. Our Houston hotels had a great quarter, with a RevPAR increase of 11.8%, substantially driven by improvements in ADR from both rate increases and a shift in the mix of business to higher-rated segments, as both group and transient demand were strong. Our Houston hotels will continue to perform well in the second quarter due to solid group and transient bookings. Our Hawaiian hotels continue to outperform our expectations with a RevPAR increase of 8.4%. Occupancy improved nearly 3 percentage points to 89.4% due to strong group and transient demand, which drove rate growth to 5%. We expect our Hawaiian hotels to continue to perform well in the second quarter. Our Seattle hotels had another good quarter with RevPAR up 7.6%. Occupancy improved nearly 4 percentage points, as transient demand was very strong and ADR increased by 1.2%. We expect Seattle to have a great second quarter due to excellent group bookings, which will help to drive rate and RevPAR growth. RevPAR for our Washington D.C. hotels increased 2.3%, as occupancy improved 40 basis points and ADR was up roughly 2% due to the Presidential Inauguration. Our downtown hotels performed much better than the suburbs, with RevPAR up 5.3%. We expect D.C. to continue to struggle due to weakness in government and government-related travel, somewhat stemming from the sequester. With our San Francisco Marriott Marquis under renovation, RevPAR for the quarter in San Francisco was down 2.5%. Occupancy declined roughly 4 percentage points, while rate was up 3%. RevPAR for the Marquis was down 13%. Excluding the Marquis renovation, RevPAR in San Francisco would have been up 6.7%. We expect our San Francisco hotels to perform much better in the second quarter. Our San Diego hotels struggled in the first quarter due to poor citywide demand, and were affected by rooms renovations at 3 of our hotels in the quarter. Occupancy was down 4.6 percentage points and ADR was down nearly 2%. We expect San Diego to perform better the rest of the year. Excluding the Sheraton Roma, which was under renovation last year, the pro forma RevPAR for the 18 hotels in the European joint venture, which includes the 5-hotel portfolio acquired by debenture in December of last year, decreased 1.5% for the quarter in constant euros, as ADR decreased roughly 1% and occupancy fell slightly. EBITDA margins decreased 220 basis points. The overall weak eurozone economies and unusually cold winter affected demand. The Paris Marriott Rive Gauche and the Renaissance Amsterdam performed the best in the quarter, while the Pullman Paris Bercy and Sheraton Skyline underperformed. We expect the euro JV hotels to perform much better in the second quarter. For the quarter, comparable hotel adjusted operating margins increased 85 basis points. Margin growth benefited, as 80% of the RevPAR growth was driven by improvements in ADR. F&B profit declined 3.6%, as a result of leap year 2012, less group business and the movement of Easter holiday into the first quarter. Support costs, which include G&A, repair and maintenance, sales and marketing and utilities, decreased roughly 1% due to excellent cost controls at our hotels. Property taxes increased 5%. Looking to the rest of the year, we expect that RevPAR will continue to be driven primarily by rate growth,, which should lead to solid rooms flow-through even with growth in wage and benefit costs. We expect better food and beverage revenue and profits for the rest of the year due to better group demand. We expect support costs to increase more than inflation, particularly for rewards in sales and marketing, where higher revenues will increase cost, and for utilities, where we expect rates to increase, particularly in the second half of the year. We're in the process of renewing our property insurance program on June 1. While property insurance was up only 1% in the first quarter, we expect above-inflationary increases in our insurance costs. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 60 basis points at the low end of the range, and increase 120 basis points at the high end of the range. At this point, we are forecasting that roughly 30% to 32% of our full-year EBITDA will be earned in the second quarter. During the quarter, we issued our first investment-grade senior notes in a $400 million offering at an interest rate of 3.75%, which is 100 basis points cheaper than any non-convertible bond coupon in our history. The bonds have a 10.5-year term and mature in October of 2023. On May 15, the proceeds of the offering, along with available cash, will be used to redeem the $400 million and 9% Series T senior notes that mature in May of 2017 at 104.5%, which reflects an $18 million call premium. The interest savings are substantial at $21 million a year. We also called the remaining $175 million in 2004 exchangeable debentures, $174 million of which were converted into 11.7 million shares of common stock and $1 million was repaid in cash. These shares have been in our diluted FFO share count for the last few years. All in, the total cost of the 2004 exchangeable debentures was approximately 4%, well below the 6.8% interest rate that we could have issued a non-exchangeable senior notes bond in 2004. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we repaid our only meaningful debt maturity in 2013, a 4.75%, $246 million mortgage loan on the Orlando World Center Marriott. In addition, on May 2, we called $200 million of our 6.75% Series Q senior notes. We intent to draw approximately $150 million on our credit facility and fund the remaining amount with available cash in order to redeem the debt on June 3. After adjusting for these transactions, the company will have approximately $380 million in cash and cash equivalents, $692 million of available capacity under our credit facility, and $4.8 billion in debt. At this point, our run rate cash interest expense is roughly $230 million a year and we ended the quarter with a leverage of 3.9x net debt-to-EBITDA. In the quarter, we issued approximately 6 million shares of common stock at an average price of $16.78 per share, for net proceeds of approximately $102 million which will be utilized to fund a portion of our acquisitions for this year. Additional issuances will be based on the level of acquisition opportunities and the level of our stock price. Lastly, there is one additional item I wanted to highlight for you. In the first quarter, we recognized a gain of approximately $11 million because the State of Georgia condemned approximately 3 acres of land at the Atlanta Perimeter Center Marriott for highway expansion. We received the cash in 2007, but cannot recognize the gain until we've completed certain requirements. While this gain is considered NAREIT FFO and has been included therein, we excluded the gain from both adjusted FFO and adjusted EBITDA. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Joshua Attie with Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Same-store growth was up 5.1%, and -- but the total portfolio is up 6.6%. Can you talk about some of the properties in the non-comp pool that drove that upside? And do you expect a gap of that magnitude between comp and non-comp RevPAR to persist through the remainder of the year?
W. Edward Walter: Certainly, Josh. Let me try to clarify a couple of things here, though. The 6.6% change in RevPAR that Josh is referencing is a comparison of what was our RevPAR for all of our properties in the first quarter of last year compared to what is our RevPAR for -- in the first quarter of 2013 for everything that we own today. So part of what's captured in that difference, and the RevPAR in 2013 is 6.6% higher than what it was before, a big part of what's captured in there compared to our 5.1% RevPAR growth in the first quarter is the strong performance of a number of the hotels that we have invested capital in and have -- and consequently have significantly improved our operations, as well as some of the hotels that we've purchased, which are not part of our comp set, which are performing well. All of those hotels -- that subgroup that I just described, had RevPAR growth above 27% in the first quarter. The other piece, though, of the -- of that calculation that we need to remember, is that the comp set in 2012 is slightly different, or the overall number of hotels we owned in 2012 is different from what we owned in 2013. So for instance, what's in the 2012 number is the Atlanta Marquis, what's in the 2013 number is the Grand Hyatt in D.C. So there's 2 factors that are applied there. But the bottom line point, Josh, that you've identified, which is that the broader portfolio is growing a bit faster than what our comparable portfolio is growing, is true.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And do you expect that gap of 100, 150 basis points to persist for the rest of the year?
W. Edward Walter: I can't sit here and say that I've exactly looked at it. But the reality is that, other than to the extent that those numbers are affected by sales or acquisitions, which would change that relationship a little bit, the reality is it should generally continue at that level.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And if I could follow up, Ed, with one more question on equity. You issued $100 million through the ATM in the quarter and that's on top of $270 million that you issued last year. And I understand you're working toward a leverage target of 3x and that those aren't very big numbers in the context of your market cap, but they do add up over time. And at the same time, asset sales seem like they may accelerate, it could be a source of capital for you. Can you just explain the rationale for the equity issuance, and also is there an acquisition pipeline where you might be able to put some of that money to work in the near-term?
W. Edward Walter: As I highlighted in my comments, we do -- we are looking at a couple of things where we feel relatively confident we may -- we'll have a closing in the second quarter on a transaction. And so I would -- I guess I would describe the equity raise in March as pre-funding the capital required to complete that acquisition. I would also agree with you that we are intending on seeing sales accelerate over the course of this year, and in general, would like to fund most of our acquisitions out of the proceeds of asset sales.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Andrew Didora from Bank of America.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to kind of follow up on Josh's question with regards to the equity issuance and as it relates to the acquisition environment. I mean, I guess from what we've been seeing out there in terms of transactions, there hasn't been a whole lot of quality out there, to this point in time, that would probably be very accretive to your portfolio. It seems like you're probably seeing something else in terms of your pipeline. But I guess with your stock implying you guys trading around $290 [ph] per key, does it ever make sense to maybe buying back stock at these levels rather than issuing?
W. Edward Walter: As we have described in the past, sort of the process that we go through as we sell assets and then determine what to do with those proceeds, one of the things that we would always look at is whether it made sense to buy back our stock. I guess what I would say is that, so far, as we've gone through that process, we've concluded that it either made sense to reinvest in our portfolio in the form of some of these redevelopments and ROI investments we've made, or it has -- we felt comfortable in redeploying that capital into acquisitions. Certainly, as we progressed through the cycle and we inevitably reach the point where we're a bigger seller than we are a buyer, then at that point in time, we'll again continue to look at whether it makes sense in buying back our stock [indiscernible] at the same time the leverage targets that we've described to you all that we'd like to obtain.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Understood. And do you plan when that -- when you close on some of these acquisitions, do you plan on putting additional debt on to help fund those acquisitions, or is this going to be purely equity?
W. Edward Walter: I would say we're at the point now where we feel pretty good about where we -- we feel good about the length of the cycle. And so generally -- and we feel good about the progress that we've already made in terms of improving our balance sheet. So the reality is, as we look at incremental acquisitions, we're thinking of funding those sort of on a pro rata basis in terms of debt and equity, consistent with where the company is currently capitalized. Now you're not going to likely see that in the context of, "Oh well, we put a secured loan on an asset right after we bought it," because that's just not how we do things. But when we think more broadly about our financing plan for the year, we would be envisioning if our acquisition activity heated up, and to the extent that it exceeded our asset sales activity, that we would fund that through a combination of debt and equity.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Thomas Allen, Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just on the operating environment, you talked last quarter about how good you felt around group bookings for later this year. This quarter, you and others seem to maybe be a little bit more cautious. What do you think has changed in the market that's flowing in the year bookings? Maybe I'm just coming from a Wall Street view, but the equity markets keep on going up, job numbers keep on beating expectations, kind of why are groups holding off bookings?
W. Edward Walter: I think you've accurately summarized what a number of us have seen over the past quarter. And I don't know that there is a perfect explanation for it. I mean, I would say we still feel pretty good about group. We feel, as we talked about in our comments, especially the second and fourth quarters of this year look very, very strong from a group perspective. And just as importantly, when I look out to 2014, we had a very nice jump in terms of room nights and revenues that were booked for 2014. So the longer term seems to be fairly positive. But having said that, there was a little bit of weakness during the first quarter relative to overall bookings. I think some of that is probably tied in with the weakness in government bookings. I think we did -- I think all of our operators and most of our larger properties saw some reduction in government bookings over the course, or more than some, something in the 40% range in terms of government bookings during the quarter. So I think that contributed to part of it. I also think that, while you're right about unemployment is -- or employment is improving, unemployment is declining and certainly, today's report seems to be a positive one, the reality is, compared to where we've been in other cycles, we are way behind in terms of reducing the unemployment rate. So I just looked the other day and realized that, back in '04 and '05, which was when we were starting to approach -- really rebuild our whole group pipeline and our group business, we were looking at an unemployment rate that was more in the 5% to 5.5%, not the 7.5% and above that we're facing right now. So while the data that connects employment and group business is not as tight a correlation as some of the others we've seen in the industry, I've still generally found that group, especially corporate group, accelerates when you start to see more employment growth, and today's report, in some ways, gave me some -- even more of a sense of optimism about what we might see over the latter half of the year.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a question for you on your updated EBITDA guidance. It's up $25 million from where you were a quarter ago. And then obviously, what you accurately described, 1Q adjusted EBITDA nicely beat consensus, and now you're including a $21 million gain here in April. Can you reconcile all those pieces and whether or not 1Q was more in line and then 2Q really is unchanged, adjusted for this gain or are you saying to us, maybe 2Q through 4Q, from an EBITDA perspective, is slightly below where you were a few months ago?
W. Edward Walter: I'd say that -- I mean, first off, if you look at the guidance change that we've made, I'd say that the bulk of the lift in the EBITDA guidance is related to the recognition of the gain associated with the sale of the property in Newport Beach. But however, there is some improvement there that's tied to the fact that we feel more confident about where margins are going to come out for the year. I would not read our -- read anything more into that guidance other than the fact that we continue to feel fairly good about the whole year. We probably -- I'm trying to get a handle on the first quarter. It was maybe a little bit more challenging, given the changes in the calendar that we have faced, and we did do better than we had expected, and so as a result, I continue to feel very good about how the year is going to play out. I don't have any less of a sense of optimism regarding the last 3 quarters of the year than I did in February.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from David Loeb from Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more about acquisitions? It sounds like you have some specific transactions that are near closing. Can you give us a little color, if not specifically on those, on what regions you think you'll be most active in, what cap rates are like, what's the state of competition for acquisitions these days?
W. Edward Walter: Sure, David. I guess what I would say is we've been pretty clear about what the markets are that we've been most interested in investing. It's generally are the coastal markets, Chicago and Hawaii. And as we're -- I would say right now that the focus for us has -- for this year, is representing -- recognizing the strength that we already have in sort of the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic, has been to focus more on the West Coast markets with the exception of San Diego. We're certainly looking at some of the markets in Waikiki, not more in Hawaii. So probably more Waikiki, not Maui, given our presence in Maui already. And then on the East Coast, I think the one market that we're very interested in adding more exposure is Miami, because we're certainly underrepresented there. And that is a market that has done quite well, and we think will continue to do quite well. If you -- in terms of thinking about where the market is in terms of pricing and competition, I mean, I think we're -- there continues to be a slow flow of assets to the market. I wouldn't say it's a flood. I would say that that's probably reflective of the fact that people are fairly comfortable that the cycle is going to be extended. And so there is no rush to reap value before the theoretical end of the cycle. So I think that's why we haven't seen maybe as many assets on the market as folks had hoped. But having said that, the brokerage community is probably closer to the overall degree of the flow than we are. And I think they still seem to feel that the transaction activity this year will be pretty comparable to what existed last year.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: In terms of -- well, let me go back to one follow-up and then I'll ask you to come back to the cap rates. In terms of global regions, it sounds like your focus is much more U.S. at this point rather than Europe or Australia or other markets.
W. Edward Walter: Well, I would -- I guess, in part, I should correct my answer a bit. I would say we are still looking to invest globally. We have about EUR 130 million in equity commitment remaining in the European JV and our activity there is generally focused in Northern Europe, with a primary focus in Germany. We are interested in adding more exposure to Brazil, as we continue to like the fundamentals there and generally feel good about where Brazil is headed. And then in Asia, the market that's getting the most focus, it would be Australia. So you had correctly identified that. It's always hard to predict what the mix of activity's going to be. But as I've said in the past, we'd like to grow some of these international businesses. But we still expect that the bulk of our activity will happen in the U.S.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And any insight into cap rate trends?
W. Edward Walter: It's still affected by the markets, because it depends a little bit on how much the market has recovered vis--vis prior peaks, and then what the near-term outlook is. But the sense that we have right now, is that if you're in a leading market, high-tier, either luxury or upper upscale asset, you're probably still in that 5% to 6% range for a cap rate. And then I think if you move to select service, you might drop -- that might increase by about a point.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take the next question from Ryan Meliker from MLV & Co.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I was hoping you could give a little more color. Ed, in your prepared remarks, you talked about the lengthening of the booking window. I know Marriott talked a little bit yesterday with regards to 2014 group booking pace accelerating. Can you give us some more color on what you're seeing in terms of who's booking further out? Is it association business that's expanding? And what your pace looks like for 2014 right now?
W. Edward Walter: What we're seeing in -- as it relates to who's booking, is it seems to be a combination of both associations who are looking at slightly bigger events. I don't know that they're booking more events, but I think they're booking bigger events, is what we hear. And then I think the other element of it is improved corporate bookings, which is good to see. And so I think that has been what's been driving the improvement. Overall, the -- if you just sort of combine both room night improvements as well as rate improvements, our group bookings for 2014 are up over 6%.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then another question I was hoping you guys can answer for me was, can you give us any update on how the developments in Rio are progressing? And if you're looking to do anything more along those lines? And certainly, I would think you guys might be at a little bit of an advantage relative to some private developers out there, given limited construction financing and your access to the capital markets. It seems to be a little stronger than, I would say, the average private developer. Any color on any -- how those developments are progressing and expansion of that development process?
W. Edward Walter: The project that's under construction that's down in the Barra da Tijuca part of Rio de Janeiro, which is not far from where the Olympics will be held, is progressing right on schedule. And so we've been very happy with our -- the developer and construction team on that project, and everything seems to be headed in the right direction. I would tell you that the activity that we're looking at in Brazil right now seems to be more on the existing side than on the new construction side. But we would be open to an additional new development project. It just seems that the current flow right now has been more attractive on the existing side because of a couple of opportunities we're looking at there.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next one from Ian Weissman from ISI Group.
Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can you remind us what percentage of your hotels are currently paying out incentive management fees and how that compares to the peak?
Larry K. Harvey: Yes, for this year, based on our forecast, it's roughly, call it 43% of our hotels, will pay incentive fees and then, call it, low to mid 60s at the peak.
Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Do you anticipate -- I mean, I understand it's a different environment. I mean, what's your expectations about those numbers getting back to peak?
W. Edward Walter: I don't know any reason why we wouldn't get back to those levels. I mean, we're -- as we look at where this is headed, I mean, we feel good about where the industry is going and consequently, I would expect that we would get right up to those levels and depending upon which assets are missing, I don't know why we wouldn't go by it.
Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So well, so ultimately then, you're saying then, you believe that the pace of rate growth, which has been somewhat muted just because of obviously weak job growth, group business has been sluggish, you anticipate that the rate growth environment is significantly going to accelerate from here. Is that fair to say?
W. Edward Walter: I mean, we had pretty good rate growth this last quarter. So I would say that we still expect to see some occupancy growth. But as we look at our full year, I think you're right that we would expect, over the course of this year, there's certainly a reasonable prospect for higher rate growth than what we had in the first quarter. Trying to predict where that goes beyond 2013 is a little tricky at this point in time, but I think the main point we're trying to make is that we would expect to see -- to continue to see RevPAR growth above inflation in the future, that will allow us to have margin growth above -- margin growth. All of those factors will ultimately lead to higher NOI, higher EBITDA, and that means our partners, the operators can have higher IMF.
Ian C. Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just finally, on the deals. I mean, there's a lot of focus on which markets you guys might potentially be interested in. Is there a potential shift, or at least growing interest in acquiring limited service or select service brands at this point? Or hotels?
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I don't know that it's a shift in attitude on our part in terms of acquiring and wanting to acquire them. But I would say that there's more than a handful of transactions that we've been in discussions about, that would involve what I would describe as urban select service or in-city, not in suburbs, but in-city select service. We think it's a natural complement to the hotels that we already own. And I think it's a business we feel comfortable we understand. And so, again, I don't think it's going to -- we're not thinking in any way that we're transforming our portfolio in a different direction. But in our target markets, as a complement to the assets we own in those markets, owning some select service would make sense from our perspective.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, I'll start with Larry. Larry, just -- I was just curious, in the release you mentioned you had $90 million to $100 million of ROI opportunities, what sort of unleveraged returns, can you remind us, do you expect on that capital? And maybe you can talk about the depth of that reinvestment pipeline beyond 2013?
Larry K. Harvey: So looking at those assets, Jeff, I mean, we're getting, call it, mid to high teens on some of those projects. So including our ROIs, energy ROIs, we've got a couple we're working on, particularly in New York City, got a $9 million one there, very good returns. So we -- as from a pipeline, we're constantly looking for those, and as Ed mentioned, we had the meeting space, the restaurant that was converted to meeting space at the Westin Grand Central. So we've been doing them for a long time and we're trying to do a better job of getting it out there, of all the stuff we've been doing. With that, it's adding meeting space when appropriate, getting rid of unprofitable restaurants and converting them into meeting space or other uses. But there's plenty of projects that we're looking out for.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Just put differently, do you think it's -- that's a good run rate, maybe for periods beyond 2013?
W. Edward Walter: That's a tricky question. I think that if you just look at what we would typically expect to see in the portfolio, sort of exclusive of larger projects, it probably doesn't run quite that high. I think it's probably -- I think my guess is it's 2/3 of that. Now having said that, there is a project that we've been working on for a fair amount of time, that we've talked about in the past, which is a new ballroom out at the San Diego Marriott & Marina Hotel, which would sit between our Hyatt and our Marriott. And so that project, in and of itself, is probably in the $90 million to $100 million range. So when one of those comes along, it's going to change that equation pretty radically. But I would totally agree with Larry. Between the opportunity for energy ROIs and then just looking for opportunities to improve the portfolio in different ways, we never seem to have a shortage of these types of projects.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And maybe switching gears. Larry, can you talk about the market for financing, in particularly large hotel assets? There's been a few instances in the last year, where either there have been assets in the market or even just competitors I know, who own hotels that might be $500 million to $1 billion in value. And I think there's always a question mark out there as to whether, is Host the logical buyer, or who is the buyer for those? Because the question is how do you find the financing, once you talk about mortgages north of say, $300 million? Do you have any sort of experience or color there, and maybe how underwriting terms differ from a, I guess I'd call it a more typical single-asset financing?
Larry K. Harvey: Well, Jeff, I mean, you have to just go back a little bit, the CMBS market has improved significantly this year, but if you go back to where it was in the '05 to '07 peak, it was -- the CMBS market was a $200 million -- $200 billion a year in new issuance. This year the run rate is much higher. I think the prediction for this year is, call it, $80 billion to $100 billion, and last year it was, call it, low 50s. So there has been an improvement in that market. CMBS would be the perfect market for someone to go out and finance on the hotel side, and there have been a couple of one-off larger hotels, CMBS deals done. But if you had a $200 million, $150 million to $200 million hotel, what they would do is typically just drop it into one of those securitizations. So that market has improved significantly. And we would expect that to continue.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then -- and maybe just a question or 2 for Ed. Can you just talk about where you see hotel values today, relative to replacement cost? There just seems to be more anecdotes of either buildings getting converted into hotel uses or hotels being built, and I'm curious if you think there's some instances out there where city -- pricing in certain cities is maybe converging with where replacement cost is.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, it's -- I would say, as I think across the transactions that we've been looking at, in most instances, you're finding, certainly on the full-service side, I think you're still seeing that assets are trading at a discount to replacement cost. That discount is smaller in certain markets, where the recovery has been quicker. I think some of the West Coast markets, like San Francisco, might fall into that area. But I think you're still -- you're not seeing a lot of full-service upper upscale construction even being discussed. And I think that's a sort of confirmation of the fact that values have not yet risen to a point where they exceed the cost to construct. I think, as we typically see in our business, the select service side is a bit more efficient, runs higher margins and probably, ultimately, is always -- you always find the numbers make sense there more quickly. And so I do think, in some of these hotter markets, you're starting to see a point where new construction numbers can make some sense. Doesn't mean assets aren't necessarily still trading at below replacement cost today, but it would also mean that there is -- the newer projects that are being built, they're new, they're current, they're taking advantage of the trends in the industry. And so they may be able to convince themselves that there's a little bit better yield on cost there than what you might see on an acquisition. So the market, I think was -- we're not seeing a lot of supply anywhere other than in New York. New York would obviously be a prime example of what I just described, with all the construction that's going on there. But I think, as you would expect, as the cycle matures, you're seeing -- you're slowly seeing that begin to build a bit.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I'll depart with maybe an easy one for Larry. Any estimates of what the financial impact of the Affordable Care Act might be?
Larry K. Harvey: Jeff, that's a great question. I'm not sure anybody in the government knows. We are working with the brands, and I know Arne came out with something yesterday saying 50 basis points on margins. It's -- we're working with the brands. We're waiting on them to come back to us with better answers. But frankly, I think they're having -- somewhat challenged by the fact there isn't a lot of great information out there, and there's a lot of concerns over it actually getting implemented next year.
W. Edward Walter: Jeff, the one thing to recognize in our case is that, as we've talked with our operators, a huge majority of their folks are already taking advantage of their insurance -- their benefit offerings. So while we would expect to see the requirements to provide insurance will lead to some increase there, it's -- we're not in a situation where we've had very low levels of participation by the associates at the hotels and then would, therefore, expect to see a dramatic change in expenses as a result of the act.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, 2 questions. First is, your D.C. market RevPAR increases, you're kind of a bit below what the market overall increase was, so I just wonder if you have some color around that? And then, the second question was, since you're seeing through this dichotomy between short-term and long-term group booking trends, just to think about what percent of your group typically is booked in the year for the year versus the year before. I think that a lot of times it maybe like 70% or 75% of your group bookings are booked before the year starts. So just trying to think about, is it only sort of 25% of bookings -- or not only 25%, it's obviously sizable, but kind of what amount of in-the-year, for-the-year business should we think of as being maybe at risk of this sort of short-term slowing?
W. Edward Walter: Well, I'm going to let Larry answer the question about D.C. and then I'll come back and address your question about bookings.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes. If you look at the upper D.C. -- if you look at the market for upper up, it was up 4.5%. Our D.C. presence, if you look at our downtown hotels, as I mentioned on the call, we're up 5.3%. So it's really the outside, the downtown area. So some of our suburban hotels, such as the Gaithersburg Washingtonian and a couple of other hotels out towards the Dulles Airport that have really impacted that. So as you get closer into the city, we're a little bit ahead of where the market upper up is.
W. Edward Walter: And as it relates to the group business, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're at the point of the year where we've booked or we have under contract 85% of the room nights that we expect to do for the year. So now the way I would look at that is that you really wouldn't expect more than 15% of that business for the full year to really be at risk. Obviously, there's always a risk of cancellations, which would be included in that 85% number. And as I mentioned earlier, we had seen some cancellations that we thought were sequester-related. But the properties have generally gone back out to their group business on the government side, over the course of the last month, and I think feel relatively confident that we're not going to see more cancellations. So that risk is always there. But the reality is, for our portfolio, the good news is that 85% of the business is on the books and should show up or we should get paid for it.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is there -- could you quantify, when we think about the sort of 15% of in-the-year, for-the-year that may be at risk, what level of slowing we're seeing there, kind of where that 15% may end up?
W. Edward Walter: I mean, I would -- at this stage, we would generally expect that, for the remainder of the year, we should book about the same -- we should fill in that 15%. In other words, I feel pretty good about, based on the forecast that we've been looking at and the conversations we've had with our operators, we're relatively confident that we're going to finish the year with the amount of group rooms that we expect at this point.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's just that maybe at slightly lower rates potentially?
W. Edward Walter: No, I don't think we're seeing any real softness on the rate side. I mean, clearly, group business is important to us. But it still only represents about 38%, 39% of our overall business. And so, one of the things that's happening out there right now is that our transient business is so strong that we may end up with less -- I suspect we will finish this year with a little bit less group than what we had expected probably back in January or February. But one of the reasons for that is that transient demand is solid enough that we will not be taking lower-priced group, discount group, when we feel good about the ability to fill in those rooms with better-priced transient. And so -- well, I don't know that, that was much of a factor in the first quarter. As we look out to the rest of the year, and we're in periods of the year where occupancy is a lot stronger, I think that's one other factor that will be affecting our outlook.
Larry K. Harvey: Robin, this is Larry. Just one last thing. We did also have the Hyatt Capitol Hill under renovation in the quarter, so that also impacted that difference.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jim Sullivan, Cowen Group.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Ed, just to follow on with this -- the issue on the group business, you talked about 38% to 39% of the total business being group, and where group has been particularly weak, I think in your prepared comments, I think you talked about the government, government-related, some cancellations. And I'm assuming also, because of the flat per diem, that there was probably an attempt on your part that perhaps reduced the government business anyway this year. And I just wonder if you can help us, what percentage of your group would you characterize as government, government-related?
W. Edward Walter: Let see, government business for us, overall, represents about 6% of our room nights. And that would be about split pretty evenly between transient and group. So that would be -- the government group would be less than 10% of our group business. It seems to me, if I do the math quickly in my head, we're probably in the 7%, 8% range.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, very good. And -- but was there also, coming into this year, because of the attempt to improve the mix shift, perhaps, reduce the government business or not?
W. Edward Walter: Definitely. Government, we've talked in the past that government, in general, whether it's on the group side or on the transient side, tends to be a lower-priced business, it tends to be a business that we -- as things get -- as times get better and pricing gets higher, we naturally find that its share of our overall activity declines. The fact that government group and individual travel would be weaker this year is something that we've all -- that everybody in the industry has known for quite some time. So we certainly have been working, as we could, to transition away from that. Some properties are obviously better situated to do that than others. But we expected that business to decline as the recovery progresses and that's what's happening.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, then secondly, there's been a lot of discussion about capital allocation and markets, but -- and really, just to follow on. I know that a few weeks ago that you and your partners increased your capital commitment to the European JV. And in the -- your prepared comments, you talked about weather being a negative in the first quarter. Could you just tell us when you think about the opportunities in Europe, and I know you've identified them as Northern Europe, primarily, but when you think about the business outlook for the balance of this year, on the one hand, and then secondly, whether there is likely to be more products coming into market in Europe because of pressure on capital ratios for some of the owners, I'm just curious as you think about that and the cap rates in Europe versus North America, how you would kind of frame that opportunity vis--vis the coastal markets in the U.S.?
W. Edward Walter: I would say that, first of all, you've correctly diagnosed what's driving transaction activity in Europe, which is generally, outside of a few transactions, and I probably put the InterCon in London in this exclusion area, but other than a few transactions that might have been driven by strategic reasons, the bulk of the activity that's happening there seems to be in some way related to debt, maturing debt or too much debt. So that also means that I would expect the volume of activities that we would review and look at in Europe will be lighter than what we've seen in the U.S., because I think we're in a better position right now in the U.S. in terms of overall values. In terms of yields in Europe, they vary considerably by the city and the country. I would say that yields, cap rates and what we would view as a 10-year unlevered IRR, in some of the -- in the major markets, so we're talking, really, London and Paris, are comparable to what you would expect to see in the top cities in the U.S. As you move into Germany, where there's no one dominant market, I would say that those cap rates are higher and the target IRR -- so the achievable 10-year IRR in those markets would be higher than what you would see in the U.S.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then finally, for me, there was some discussion about the improving CMBS market here. And as you, again, think about that in connection with your U.S. acquisition/disposition thinking, have you seen cap rate compression between what you would call the, kind of the primary coastal gateway markets that have been your focus on the one hand, cap rate compression between that and, say, the secondary markets, but still important markets -- and I'd facilitate [ph] the Marriott Marquis in Atlanta this quarter -- is it more attractive now on a relative spread basis because financing is strengthening?
W. Edward Walter: Jim, I think that's a good insight, is that as the CMBS market recovers, there should be more financing available to the sort of non-gateway markets. I don't know that there's been enough transaction activity yet and enough price discovery to really establish that, that gap has closed in a material way. But I think that that's a likely outcome over the course of the next 12 to 24 months, because as the financing's available and the interest rates are attractive, capital will start to flow in that direction. Our goal's going to be to try to take advantage of that by being a seller of assets in those markets.
Operator: And at this time, that will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll turn it over to Mr. Walter for any closing or additional remarks.
W. Edward Walter: All right. Well, thank you for joining us for this call today. I again apologize for my voice, but I'm pleased to see that I hung in there all the way through the call. I assure you I'll sound better in July. Look forward to talking to you later in the summer. Have a good weekend, everybody.
Operator: That will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg - Vice President W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Gee Lingberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Gee Lingberg: Thank you, Kim. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer; and Greg Larson, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy. This morning, Ed Walter will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2013. Larry Harvey will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter and full year results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. Despite a variety of external challenges in the financial and political world and the historic storm in the Northeast Mid-Atlantic region, 2012 generated another year of positive growth for the lodging industry and especially for our company. Driven by strong group and transient demand, combined with solid cost controls and cheaper utility prices, we were able to substantially exceed our top line and bottom line expectations issued at this time last year. In addition, our fourth quarter adjusted FFO per share exceeded both our most recent guidance and consensus estimates. Finally, we made progress on a variety of corporate initiatives designed to add or realize value, including international and domestic acquisitions, key dispositions, value-enhancement projects and debt refinancing. But before we get into the details, let's review our results for the quarter and the year. Comparable revenues increased 3.9% for the quarter and 5.5% for the full year. Fourth quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels increased 5.8% and on a calendar quarter basis, increased 6.8%. As we discussed during our last call, the fourth quarter was negatively impacted by unfavorable holiday timing, the election and fiscal cliff concerns, as well as Hurricane Sandy. The storm, which meaningfully disrupted travel in the Washington-New York corridor and resulted in the closure of 4 of our hotels with 1 hotel closed for over 2 weeks, reduced RevPAR for the quarter by at least 1%. Overall, our RevPAR growth accelerated in the second half of the year, and we outperformed the industry over that period. For the year, comparable hotel RevPAR growth was 6.4% as our average rate was $191 per night, and our average occupancy was 74.5%. It is worth noting that while our occupancy levels now exceed our 2007 performance, we have not yet reached our historic peak levels, which exceeded 78%, and we believe that there is still upside potential, especially on the group side of our business. F&B revenue for the year was up a solid 3.9%, although as expected, fourth quarter growth was low, increasing just 1%. Comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins increased 80 basis points for the fourth quarter and 140 basis points for the year, resulting in a 22% increase in adjusted EBITDA to $426 million for the quarter and full year adjusted EBITDA of $1.19 billion, a 17% increase over the prior year. Our adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.40 for the fourth quarter and $1.10 for the full year, which exceeded consensus estimates and reflects a nearly 20% increase over 2011. And finally, our dividend for 2012 more than doubled compared to 2011. Overall, the key driver of our business this year was a more than 4% increase in our group room nights, which allowed hotels to be more aggressive in increasing room rates, especially in our transient segment. As a result, roughly 60% of our RevPAR increase in 2012 was driven by higher rates. The strong recovery in our group business was led by our higher-priced association and corporate segments, which increased a combined 8% for the year and drove an overall increase in group revenues of roughly 6.5%. The calendar challenges inherent in Q4 and the impact of the storm, which was well publicized in advance of its landing, led to a lower increase in group room nights for the quarter of just 1.6%, with group revenues increasing by 4%. As of year-end, our group business has recovered more than half of the 19% in demand lost in the downturn, our average rate is just 1% short of 2000 levels. For the full year, our transient room nights increased more than 1.5%, helping to drive strong rate increases across all segments. Average rate increased by more than 4% as transient revenues were up almost 6% for the year. Our business generally shifted towards higher-rated segments through the first 3 quarters of the year, but the fourth quarter transient mix was impacted by Hurricane Sandy, which caused some last-minute group cancellations. While hotel managers were somewhat successful in replacing the lost business with transient travelers, it generally was priced in the discount rate segment. For the quarter, overall rate and demand were both up approximately 3%, leading to a transient revenue increase of nearly 6%. While our full year transient demand is 5% better than 2007 levels, the average rate is still 9% below the prior peak, indicating a meaningful opportunity for additional rate growth in 2013. As I mentioned earlier, our overall occupancy level is about 0.5 point higher than where we were in 2007, but we have not yet achieved the 78%-plus occupancy we reached at the end of the '90s. Average rate is still 6% short of 2000 levels on an absolute basis and closer to 17% below if you adjust for inflation. As we look at lodging fundamentals over the next few years, we expect supply will continue to be constrained, especially in the upper upscale segment. We would expect demand growth will exceed supply growth as international visitation continues to grow and group demand continues to improve. As group demand improves, we would expect that the hotels will benefit from continued mix shift and be able to increase rates across all segments. As a result, we would expect that RevPAR would be driven more by increases in rates, but we would still expect to experience further increases in occupancy. For 2013, the stage is set as I just described. Our group booking pace is up 4% in room nights for the full year 2013, and up 6.5% in revenues. Revenues for the last 3 quarters of the year are up more than 8%. And overall, we expect a strong year from our group segment. Transient bookings are also well ahead of last year's pace and we are seeing solid rate growth in virtually all segments. Our RevPAR growth for the first month and a half is averaging more than 9%. While March results are expected to slow, primarily because of the early Easter holiday, we are certainly encouraged by our initial results. Transaction activity across our various markets generally match the pace we experienced in 2011, although both the U.S. and Europe saw more activity in the second half of the year. For the year, we invested or committed to invest in more than $1.2 billion in acquisitions or new developments, purchased either directly or with joint venture partners. The largest of these transactions, the EUR 440 million purchased by our European JV of 5 Marriott-branded hotels located in Paris and Amsterdam closed late last quarter. On the disposition front, we remain focused on reducing our exposure to noncore hotels located in suburban and airport locations. Consistent with that plan, we sold the San Francisco Airport Marriott, the Rocky Hill Marriott and the Toronto Airport Marriott in 2012. Additionally, we are focused on reducing our portfolio allocation in secondary markets, as demonstrated by our recent sale of the Atlanta Marriott Marquis, which reduced our presence in Atlanta from over 5% to roughly 3% of our U.S. portfolio. In total, our asset sales were $445 million, including the early January sale of the Atlanta Marriott Marquis. Preliminary indications suggest that transaction volumes in the industry will be similar to 2012. We expect to be active on both the acquisition and disposition fronts as we look to increase our investment in target markets and look to reduce our exposure in noncore locations. On the margins, we would still intend to be a net acquirer in 2013. While we have active pipeline both in sales and acquisitions, given the difficulty in predicting the timing of completing these transactions, our guidance does not assume the benefit of any acquisitions nor does it assume the impact of any sales beyond the transactions we have already closed. In addition to transaction activity, we will continue to look to invest in income-generating additions to our portfolio, which typically drive returns well in excess of our cost of capital. In 2013, we hope to commence the final phase of the San Diego Marriott Marquis & Marina, which will provide a new ballroom and exhibit hall. Another 2013 project we are working on is the repositioning of the Newark Airport Marriott, which will include a 10,000 square foot ballroom which is scheduled to be completed before the 2014 Super Bowl, which will occur in the MetLife Stadium just outside of New York. In 2013, we expect to spend approximately $90 million to $100 million on ROI and redevelopment investments. Now let me elaborate a bit on our outlook for 2013. As I discussed earlier, we anticipate that hotel demand will continue to grow as the U.S. economy improves, leading to demand growth which will slightly exceed the less than 1% supply growth projected for 2013. The increase in net demand, combined with solid group bookings, suggests we should experience both occupancy and rate growth in our portfolio. We should also benefit from a more than 20% reduction in maintenance capital expenditures as spending declines from $366 million in 2012 to a range of $270 million to $290 million in 2013, which should reduce ongoing business disruption. With all this in mind, we are expecting comparable hotel RevPAR to increase 5% to 7% for the year. And while food and beverage and other activity is often volatile and difficult to predict, we are expecting those revenues to increase roughly 2% to 4%. We expect margins to be up 50 to 110 basis points. This operating forecast will result in an adjusted EBIT of $1.25 billion to $1.31 billion, and adjusted FFO per share of $1.19 to $1.27. Looking at our dividend, we announced yesterday that our first quarter common dividend would be $0.10 per share. Dividends for the rest of the year will depend both on operating results, as well as gains on asset sales. I am pleased to say that the lodging recovery is progressing well due to continued demand increases combined with low supply growth. As a result of the strong industry outlook and underlying fundamentals, we believe this cycle will continue to gain momentum through 2013 and 2014. The capital we have invested over the last several years in our hotels ensures that our portfolio is in excellent condition and able to benefit from this improving marketplace. As Larry will describe in more detail, our industry-leading balance sheet is getting only stronger, and our cost of capital remains attractive. Looking to our valuation, despite the fact that interest rates are at historic lows and supply is low, our stock is currently trading at approximately a 40% discount to replacement cost and near its average 10-year multiple. When we look at all these factors, it gives us confidence that Host is well positioned to outperform in 2013. Thank you. And now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Overall, we had an outstanding quarter in many markets as 10 of our top 20 U.S. markets had RevPAR growth in excess of 9%. Our top-performing market for the fourth quarter was Los Angeles with a RevPAR increase of 17.6%. Occupancy improved by over 7 percentage points to nearly 81%, while ADR was up roughly 7%. The outperformance was driven by an increase in both transient and group demand. We expect the Los Angeles market to continue to perform well in 2013. Our Seattle hotels had a great quarter with RevPAR up 17.3%. Occupancy improved nearly 9 percentage points, as transient demand was very strong and ADR increased by 4%. We expect Seattle to be one of our top-performing markets in 2013 due to growth in both transient and group demand, which will help to drive rate and RevPAR growth. Our Hawaii hotels significantly outperformed our expectations for the quarter with a RevPAR increase of 12.3%. Occupancy improved by nearly 4 percentage points driven by strong group and transient demand, which drove rate growth of roughly 7%. We expect Hawaii to be a solid market in 2013 due to good group bookings. Results for 2013 will be affected by the construction of the timeshare project adjacent the Hyatt Maui and a rooms renovation at the Fairmont Kea Lani in the second half of the year. Our Houston hotels had a RevPAR increase of 11.6%. Strong group and transient demand led to an occupancy increase of nearly 6 percentage points. The ADR growth of over 3% was driven by increases of both group and transient rates. We expect our Houston hotels to have a good 2013 due to better demand which will allow us to shift the mix of business to higher-rated segments. As we expected, our San Francisco hotels continued their excellent performance, as RevPAR increased 10.9% due to an ADR improvement of nearly 6% and an occupancy increase of 4 percentage points. The improvement in ADR was driven by both rate increases and the shift in the mix of business to higher-rated segments as both group and transient demand performed well. We expect that the San Francisco market will have a decent year in 2013, although results will be affected by the rooms renovation of the San Francisco Marriott Marquis in the first half of the year. RevPAR for our Boston hotels increased 10.2% driven by an increase in ADR and an improvement in occupancy of over 1%. The outperformance was driven by both group business, which created compression to drive rate. We expect our Boston hotels to have another good year due to solid in-house group bookings. Our Chicago hotels also performed well in the quarter with RevPAR up 8.8%. ADR increased nearly 6%, and occupancy improved more than 2 percentage points. Strength in both group and transient bookings allowed our hotels to drive rate. We expect our Chicago hotels to continue to perform well in 2013 due to group demand and ADR improvement through better business mix and overall rate increases. RevPAR for our New York hotels increased just 1.7%. Renovation disruption and Hurricane Sandy negatively impacted our fourth quarter results in New York, particularly at the New York Downtown Marriott, which was closed for 15 days and was well below capacity for the remainder of the quarter due to rooms out of service. In addition, the W Union Square was closed for 8 days. Excluding the Downtown Marriott and the W Union Square, our RevPAR growth in New York was 5.3% on a calendar quarter basis. We expect New York to be one of our top-performing markets in 2013 due to an increase in both group and transient demand, less renovation disruption and no Hurricane Sandy. RevPAR for our Washington, D.C. hotels decreased 4.3% as occupancy declined roughly 3 percentage points and ADR was flat. Results were affected by cancellations related to Hurricane Sandy and renovations at 3 hotels. For the year, RevPAR was down 2.4% in 2012. With the inauguration in January, RevPAR for the month for our 4 downtown hotels was up over 24% and RevPAR for all 11 of our D.C. hotels was up 21%. While we expect 2013 to be better than last year, weakness in government travel will limit RevPAR growth. For the full year, our best-performing markets in the U.S. were Philadelphia with a 14.4% RevPAR increase, followed by Los Angeles with a 12.3% increase and Boston with an 11.1% increase. Our worst-performing market was Orlando with a 3.9% decline in RevPAR due to extensive renovation work. For the 11 hotels in the European joint venture that have comparable results, RevPAR increased 2% for the quarter in constant euros as ADR increased 3%, while occupancy fell 80 basis points. EBITDA margins increased 50 basis points. The Hotel Arts Barcelona and the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam performed the best in the quarter, while the Renaissance Brussels and Sheraton Skyline underperformed. For the full year, RevPAR for the 11 comparable hotels improved 2.9% in constant euros due to 3.3% rate growth, while margins were up 110 basis points. We expect the 18 European joint venture properties, excluding the Sheraton Roma, which was under major renovation in 2012, and including the 5 hotels recently acquired, to have RevPAR growth in the 2% to 3% range for 2013. For the full year, comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins increased 140 basis points, 30 basis points of which can be attributed to the 5.5% decline in utilities for the year when compared to a normal inflationary increase. For the quarter, comparable hotel margins increased 80 basis points. Margin growth was affected by the lower level of RevPAR growth, which was driven by Hurricane Sandy and the unfavorable shift in holidays in the fourth quarter. More than half of the RevPAR growth was from occupancy growth, not rate. For the fourth quarter of 2012, F&B revenues increased only 1%, and F&B profit declined as the quarter was challenged by an unfavorable comparison to the fourth quarter of 2011 when F&B revenues increased 6.8%. In total, general and administrative, sales and marketing, utilities and repairs and maintenance expenses were flat. Property taxes increased 5% in the fourth quarter, primarily because we received property tax refunds in the fourth quarter of 2011. Looking forward to 2013, we expect that RevPAR primarily will be driven by rate growth. The additional rate growth should lead to solid rooms flow-through, even with growth in wage and benefit costs. We expect unallocated cost to increase more than inflation, particularly for rewards and sales and marketing where higher revenues will increase cost. Margin expansion for 2013 will be negatively affected by projected above inflationary increases in both property insurance, primarily due to Hurricane Sandy losses, and property taxes, which when combined result in a 17-basis-point impact on margins. In addition, a couple of initiatives from the brands, including incremental cost from Marriott's CITY initiative and Starwood's paid search revenue initiative, which when combined results in an incremental 10 basis points in margin as well. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 50 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and increase 110 basis points at the high end of the range. In looking at our comparable hotel margins for 2012, and assuming that we achieve the midpoint of our guidance for 2013, our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins will have increased 220 basis points or 110 basis points a year since 2011. There are 2 items, in particular, that impact the comparability of EBITDA and FFO between 2012 and 2013. The first of this -- is the sale of the land to the Hyatt Maui timeshare joint venture. We recognized an $8 million gain on the sale in 2012, which reflected the profit we received from Hyatt for their 1/3 portion of the land. In 2013, the JV expects to start the marketing process for the timeshare, and our portion of the expenses will total roughly $4 million with no offsetting income, resulting in a $12 million decline in EBITDA from 2012 to 2013. The second item is the $9 million of business interruption proceeds related to the New Zealand earthquake that we received in 2012. While the ibis Christchurch reopened in September of last year and we expect the Novotel Christchurch to reopen later this year, the EBITDA generated will be approximately $7 million less than the 2012 EBITDA. When combined, these items generated roughly $19 million of EBITDA and FFO that will not be repeated in 2013. In the fourth quarter, we redeemed $100 million of our 6 3/4% Series Q senior notes. For 2012, we reduced our weighted average interest rate by 90 basis points to 5.4% and we increased our weighted average debt maturity by nearly 1 year to 5.1 years. We finished the year with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 4.2x and a fixed charge coverage of 3.2x. We have 2 debt maturities in 2013, the 4.75% $246 million loan on the Orlando World Center Marriott that is due in the second quarter and an 8.5% $33 million loan on the Westin Denver Downtown that goes into hyper amortization in December, both of which we intend to repay with available cash. We finished the year with $417 million of cash. After adjusting for the asset sale proceeds from the Atlanta Marriott Marquis, our January dividend payment and the $100 million credit facility repayment, we currently have over $530 million of cash and $837 million of credit facility capacity. As you are aware, Marriott recently moved to a calendar quarter year. We are thrilled to be moving to the calendar quarter, however, this year will be an interesting year of transition. In order to provide as much transparency as possible, we plan to provide you with estimated comparable revenues and margins on a calendar quarter basis for each quarter in 2012 when we report our results, which will give you an apples-to-apples comparison to the 2013 calendar quarter results. In addition, we will provide estimated adjusted EBITDA and adjusted FFO for each calendar quarter in 2012 in order to make the appropriate comparisons as we report our 2013 results for each quarter. We realize that the transition to a calendar quarter creates challenges for us and for you with respect to spreading metrics, such as EBITDA, among the 4 quarters of the year, particularly in a year when Easter moves from the second quarter to the first quarter. At this point, we are forecasting that roughly 20% of our full year EBITDA will be earned in the first quarter. We will provide you with the spread for each of the remaining quarters on the first quarter earnings call. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: For a quick question here, Ed, you mentioned the first month and a half of this year, RevPAR is up 9%. You may have said it, maybe I didn't catch it. If we exclude D.C. from that result, what was the RevPAR growth? And what was New York City's within the first month and a half as well?
W. Edward Walter: I'm not certain what New York City was for the first month because we are -- to be honest, we were just getting some of these results as late as last night. Our sense is that D.C. affected January RevPAR, which was about the same, it was right at the same 9%. D.C. affected January's RevPAR by 1%. So we would've been 8% in January without the strong D.C. performance.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then my next -- final question on the group. You mentioned about the group pace in the last 3 quarters of the year being up 8% versus a year ago. But the 1Q being down, have you tried to estimate what the impact was from Sandy on 1Q bookings, or to what extent it's a reason for that? And then at this point, what percentage of your anticipated total '13 group room nights are on the books right now, and how does that compare to last year?
W. Edward Walter: Okay. We have not tried to figure out what the affect of Sandy was on the first quarter this year. So I don't think we can respond to that. We've got about 75% of our group room nights for the year on the books at this point.
Operator: We'll hear from Joshua Attie from Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The 5% to 7% RevPAR guidance is for the same-store pool, which is about 85% of the portfolio. Can you share with us what you expect the total portfolio to achieve in terms of RevPAR growth, including the hotels that were recently acquired and those that were coming off renovation?
W. Edward Walter: I guess, the short answer is, Josh, is I don't have that number at my fingertips, but that's something that we can take a look at. I would probably say, broadly speaking, I would be surprised if it would be dramatically different from that, though. We have -- we're going to have a couple of hotels that are still under construction that aren't in because of that reason. But by and large I don't think there's going to be a big difference between the 2 metrics. In fact, thinking a little bit quickly on my feet, we're going to be seeing a huge increase from the Helmsley year-over-year so, to be honest, when you average that altogether, it could be a bit higher. But I honestly don't know off the top of my head the answer to that.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And on the margins, you explained some of the issues that are weighing on the 2013 margin growth, which does seem low relative to the RevPAR growth you're going to generate, but part of that may also be kind of slower growth of food and beverage revenue. As group business continues to get better, do you see any potential for an acceleration of food and beverage revenue growth in 2013?
W. Edward Walter: That's a great question, Josh, because that's been -- the food and beverage revenue, this recovery, has been more difficult to predict than any time that I've been with the company. Even if you look at what happened in the fourth quarter, where it was up 1%, the reality is, is if you take New York City and D.C. out of the equation for the fourth quarter, and then you'd see if you looked across the whole rest of the country, food and beverage revenues were up 4.3% in the fourth quarter. So pretty much in line with what we had seen for the rest of the year. When we look at December, we were up 5%, you look at January, we were up 7%. So at the end of the day, what we've tried to do is, because we've seen some inconsistency and because so many of the groups are really not determining their full food and beverage sort of offering until a relatively near-term period before their event actually occurs, we chose to go with what I think, hopefully, I'm hoping it's going to prove to be a conservative outlook of 2% to 4%. But it -- we generally have, on the high end of that, encompassed what we did in 2012. Certainly, there -- if we see some -- if group business comes in the way we like and people feel optimistic about spending, doing better on that front is certainly possible.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And can you just remind us what the margin sensitivity is? I know that the food and beverage outlets tend to have very low margins, but the food and beverage that's associated with meetings -- if you'll remind us what the margins are on those, and to the extent that the spending is a little bit higher, what the potential flow-through could be?
W. Edward Walter: Yes. Generally, if you look across our portfolio, our -- the absolute margins in food and beverage are kind of in that 26%, 27% range. We would typically expect to see flow-through well above that, but as you pointed out, it depends a bit on whether it comes from outlets or whether it comes from catering. To be somewhere in the 30% to 40% range on food and beverage, given that we do expect strong group business in the year, is certainly reasonable.
Operator: Felicia Hendrix from Barclays has our next question.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Ed, I think this is the most bullish I've ever heard you.
W. Edward Walter: I think that may just be because of maybe what you've heard from some of the other calls. I sound the same, but it seems better.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You don't sound the same, you sound good. So -- no, but that's actually gets to the crux of my question. So one competitor who is more cautious regarding the economy and some things that might happen with the government and then you had another competitor who is more cautious regarding the group business. And just wondering, are you leaving enough room for error?
W. Edward Walter: It's a great question, and I mean we certainly did some thinking about that on our side. I mean, we've been -- as a short answer is we think we have. But I'll be honest with everybody, is we have not -- in coming up with our outlook for this year, we have not assumed that the sequester issues snowball into a bigger problem. Say a problem similar to what we saw in the economy in the summer of 2011. We have assumed that there would be impact in D.C., which is certainly a market that is going to feel some pain as a result of the sequester. And we've seen some evidence of that already. We do think that some of the impact of that, though, will be felt perhaps more in the upscale segment than necessarily in the upper upscale segment, but I wouldn't say that we would be immune to that. But on the other hand, we've had good group on the books for the second half of last -- as we look at '13, our group bookings have been solid. We feel good about the group bookings that we have on the books for this year. We -- what we're hearing from our operators is that the group booking pace is -- that the bookings they're looking at, that they've seen so far this year, continue to be strong. Transient has been quite good. The year got off to a great start, and while D.C. was part of that, as I just commented earlier, D.C. was 1% of that growth in January. But after that, even during that period and after that, we've had very good RevPAR growth. So granted there a lot of risks out there and, frankly, as an industry we've been dealing with those risks now for probably 2 or 3 years, but when we separate ourselves from being worried about that and look at the evidence that we can evaluate, we just feel like we're going to have a good solid year. Obviously, things could happen that could be worse. But the bottom line is if we look at the facts in front of us, it feels pretty good right now.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. If we could just switch gears to Europe for a second. The hotels in your European JV, also they reported better RevPAR results than some of your peers who also operate in Europe. So I'm just -- would you attribute that to location, type of property or something else?
W. Edward Walter: I'm sure it's a little bit of both. But I -- the way I would look at Europe right now is there's sort of 2 big factors that affect what happens in European hotels, the way we look at it. The first is that there's no doubt that the weak economy in Europe has caused business travel to be lower, and so we have seen that in our special corporate business and we have seen that in some of our corporate group business. And so what we find is those months of the year that are driven primarily by local and sort of domestic travel, we tend to see weaker results. But we're in a -- the converse to that is those markets that attract international leisure, so that's London, that's Paris, that's Barcelona, that's some of the Italian markets. Those markets, because Europe is still a primary place for the entire world to visit for leisure purposes, those markets are outperforming over the cycle and they've outperformed over the last 12 months. And so, I think, to ultimately get to the answer to your question, is because we're in a lot of those leisure destinations. And as we've mentioned before, fully 40% of our business at those hotels comes from outside the EU and the U.K. The bottom line is, is we've had better performance because of that.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Helpful. And then just finally, you might have said this, and if you did, I apologize, but for your -- your 2013 disposition program, have you given us -- have you quantified what that could be?
W. Edward Walter: No. We didn't do -- in our outlook, we did not try to quantify either acquisitions or dispositions. What I would say though is that we did comment that we have sold over $400 million of hotels this year, including the Marquis as -- rather last year, including the Marquis as a 2012 sale. As we think about sales going forward in 2013, we would certainly love to do sales in at least that same level. But as always, since it's not liquidity-driven or event-driven, it's really going to be around what price we can get when we go to be a seller.
Operator: Moving on, our next question is from Andrew Didora from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Ed, you just mentioned in response to one of Felicia's questions that you're seeing some evidence of the sequester already in your business. I guess, could you be a little bit more specific just in terms of what you are seeing? Have there been any cancellations or just really a hesitancy to book? And as a follow-up, can you just remind us what percentage of your business comes from government?
W. Edward Walter: Sure. I guess I don't know that we're necessarily seeing -- let me clarify, I said that we were -- we had a conservative outlook about Washington. The reality is, is so far I wouldn't say that we have really seen anything significant that's happened in the last 45 days that we would relate to the sequester. Now what we would say more broadly, so some of this is why I -- maybe our perspective on this is different from others, we've been seeing for the -- probably the last 8 to 10 months, we've been seeing some reduced bookings from some of the government-related industries, and we certainly have not seen the same level of government business in the second half of '12 that we have seen in prior years. But I don't think we've seen anything that's happened in the last 6 or 7 weeks that we would necessarily tie to the sequester. The net of it though is recognizing that the sequester is coming, or at least appears to be at this point in time, we have assumed that our D.C. hotels would probably be a bit softer than we'd like because of the impact of that. Now as it relates to the question of around what government represents for us, I would tell you that all -- including group and transient and looking at government and government-related, so the contractors that are directly working with the government, we would generally put that somewhere in the 6% to 8% of our overall business. It would obviously be a bit higher in D.C. Now I'd also note though that this tends to be our lowest priced business. And so as we get to these higher levels of occupancy and we start to talk about mix shift, this is exactly what we're trying to shift away from, is government business. So the hotels have been focused on that, in general. And as a result, I hope that it will be less impactful than it may have seemed at first glance.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And just one other question. Just when I look at your leverage levels, you've certainly come down a little over a turn, over the past 2 years, but a lot of that coming from EBITDA growth. Has -- where would you like to see your leverage be as we get into later parts of the cycle and do you see the opportunity to lower your absolute debt levels from here?
W. Edward Walter: Overall, I think what we've been pretty consistent about saying is that we'd like to get to about 3x leverage. We're sort of -- comparing to where we were in the prior cycle, which was in the mid-3 range, and I'd say now thinking about appropriate debt-to-EBITDA levels, we'd like to get down to around 3x. I think the bulk of that will come from improvements in EBITDA, but it's conceivable that some of our asset sales may be applied over time to pay down debt.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Loeb from Robert W. Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And if I can throw a couple for Larry. Larry, on the pro forma quarterly information, if you could put that out sooner rather than just when you release the quarters, that would really help us a lot. Is that possible?
Larry K. Harvey: Yes, David. One of the issues is, obviously, is if we're in the process of selling assets and other things. So the comp set could change, so we're really focused on only really putting out one number one time, and not updating that for asset sales.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And given the pretty low interest rates in the debt market, would you consider doing the bond deal now even though it looks like use of proceeds would be some debt reduction now or later in the year, but given these rates, is that something that's enticing?
Larry K. Harvey: Yes -- rates are very good. We don't comment on individual bond deals in advance. Obviously, it's something that we look out on an opportunistic basis. And we also balance asset sales, proceeds, available cash and other things as we look at our debt needs. So it's something we continue to evaluate.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And, Ed, what do you think about a share buyback with the price in this range? And how do you evaluate accretion from that versus the opportunities, the returns you could get on acquisitions?
W. Edward Walter: Here's what I would say to that, David, is that, before, as we thought about share buybacks in the past, and I remember we had some fairly extensive conversations about this topic on a call, maybe a year or so ago. We generally would look to do that either from cash flow that we would generate from operations or from asset sales. So certainly, whenever we start to -- when we generate the cash flow or when we have asset sales, we tend to look at what our options are in terms of what we think is going to provide the best returns. Should we add the ballroom in San Diego? Should we buy a hotel somewhere? Or should we buy back stocks? So I'd say in general, that is something that we're always considering. I would add though that at this stage, I would say that we still, going back sort of to the prior question about leverage levels. We've been pretty consistent about the fact that we want to continue to reduce our leverage and make that balance sheet, which is already I think the strongest in our sector. We want to make it even stronger because we just think that will help our overall cost of capital and make us that much more competitive, as well as add a margin of safety in a sometimes cyclical business. So I would say we're probably a little bit more focused on the balance sheet goal than we would necessarily be on buying back stock. But a lot of that will kind of all tie in with exactly how many assets are we able to sell. And then in the context of that, what is the opportunity to -- where is the opportunity to reinvest those proceeds?
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And one more, if I can. What's your view on the acquisition market in Europe these days? Do you still have a significant advantage in terms of access to debt capital?
W. Edward Walter: I think we do. I think we do. What we've found on the portfolio that we acquired at the end of last year is that the combination of Host with the Government Investment Corporation out of Singapore combined with the large Dutch pension funds, APG, who is the third partner in that venture, that lenders seem to be far more interested in lending to 3 well-capitalized partners such as ourselves versus some of the other folks that might be active in the market. So while I know that it has been difficult, in general, to attract debt capital in Europe, we've been fortunate that we've been able to do it. And I think that continues to be an advantage as we look to acquire hotels in Europe.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And are there significant acquisition opportunities out there today?
W. Edward Walter: I would say that there are -- I wouldn't say that the pipeline in Europe or the opportunities in Europe are quite as many as what we would expect to see in the U.S. Of course, it's a smaller market in general in some ways, so that's not abnormal. But even adjusting for that, I would say there are fewer opportunities there, but there are a few. Our focus in Europe is really at this point primarily in Germany, because the portfolio is not well invested in Germany, and that represents a market we have wanted to get some exposure to. And then I also think that if we could find something that was priced appropriately, we'd be interested in buying into London. Although, we would probably prefer to be buying more off of '13 numbers than '12, given that the Olympics was there last year.
Operator: Our next question today is from Ryan Meliker from MLV & Co.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. And, Larry, I guess not to piggyback off of what David said, but I don't know if there's any way to get instead of the breakdown of EBITDA by quarter, maybe the calendar quarter total RevPAR levels through 2012 might help us in terms of modeling. I don't know if that's something we could get from you guys at some point. But then the other question I had was just if you had any way to quantify the impact that you think your maintenance CapEx had on your portfolio in 2012 that obviously will be a little bit more of a tailwind in 2013, that would be helpful, too.
W. Edward Walter: I guess on the first question, let me just say is that we will do our best to provide you guys with the best information we can on some of those issues. I mean to some degree, this is a very challenging exercise for Marriott and consequently, it becomes a challenging exercise for us, so we'll do the best we can to provide as much clarity as we can. As it relates to the impact of the capital improvements that we did last year on the kind of operations, I don't know that we really can give you kind of a hard number to say that last year it reduced RevPAR by a percent, because it's just so -- it varies so much by asset. Some assets it was hugely impactful and others, it wasn't. I do think that there -- it does provide more than just 25 or 30 basis points worth of wind as it relates to this year. But exactly what it will be is, frankly, hard to predict.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Okay. But more than 25 or 30, so at least it's material, which is helpful. And then, I guess, other question, you talked about this a little bit in response to your -- to the last question in Europe, but where are you guys focused in terms of acquisitions in 2013? Where do you think the best opportunities are? Is it in the U.S., is it Europe, is it resort, urban, full-service, select service? Where do you think Host will be spending its money?
W. Edward Walter: I would say as we -- if you did a quick tour of opportunities for us right now, our primary market that we're going to focus on is the U.S. And I'd say I think we've been pretty clear of late that we're really focused on a series of gateway markets. I think the market we'd be most interested in acquiring would be in Miami and then some of the California markets, where we are underrepresented. And I'd probably add Seattle to the mix, too, as another market that we would be interested in acquiring in. I think if you look outside of Europe or outside of the U.S., I already commented on where we would be interested in Europe, we are -- we continue to be very bullish on the Brazil market. The initial investment we have made in that market has performed extremely well, and so we would like to invest some more capital there. I think in that area on a full-service side, it would be in the form of acquiring existing assets because we would feel comfortable you could acquire those at discounts to replacement costs. We would also entertain 1 or 2 incremental investments in to-be-built properties that would probably be in the select service area because there is certainly a need for that in Brazil. When we look at Asia, the market that's most intriguing to us right now is Australia. The performance of the assets that we have acquired in Australia to date has been very strong. And as we look at how we expect Australia to perform going forward, I think we have a good understanding that demand will continue to grow. And fortunately, in those markets, somewhat similar to the U.S., supply is very low. And so that creates, in our minds, an opportunity for successful investment.
Ryan Meliker - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then since you mentioned development in Brazil. Obviously, you guys have the national property with White Lodging here in the U.S., any plan to do more development in the U.S.?
W. Edward Walter: The short answer is probably. I think we're looking at some opportunities right now. I think that if those opportunities would probably show up, it would be similar to the White Lodging example. Meaning that they would be in -- it would be urban limited service is what we would be looking to invest in. But I don't want to signal that we're about to engage in a big move towards development. I would view these as more isolated opportunities in target markets that I just identified. But not a thematic move on our part.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Harry Curtis from Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: How do you balance your appetite for growth versus shareholders' appetite for dividends? And as an adjunct, is there a target optimal size or locational mix that you're trying to achieve? And how much investment might it take to get there?
W. Edward Walter: Harry, I guess what I would say is on the first point is that the dividends usually, for us, is driven by what our taxable income is. So we typically not try to distribute more than what we have, what we're required to do. I imagine though, in the thinking down the road, there is clearly going to be a point in the cycle where we're going to conclude that it does not make sense to invest because the pricing is going to be too rich. And so -- and as -- if we're at that point where, hopefully, when the pricing is rich, that means that Greg and his team are actively selling a bunch of assets. So what will naturally happen as a result of that is that if we're selling assets, generating gains and not reinvesting the proceeds in new hotels, our dividend will increase because we will be dividending out the profits from asset sales. Now on the other hand, I think as we -- we have tried to be thoughtful about how our portfolio is positioned, and of course I would -- we've described a couple of times the fact that we're really, in the U.S., looking at a series of target markets. Just to make it clear to everybody where we're most interested in owning at this point, it's really Boston, New York, D.C., South Florida, Chicago, Seattle, San Francisco, L.A. and San Diego. Those gateway markets are the markets that we think in the long run are going to outperform. We would like the bulk, but I don't think I'd say 100%, but certainly the bulk of our EBITDA in the U.S. to be coming out of those markets. I think we're at the point right now where we're probably at about 70% to 75% of our EBITDA coming from those markets. I'd like to see that percentage be higher. But at the same time, there are -- there are going to be -- there are some great hotels that we have that I think are more valuable in our hands than the sales prices that we might get. So we wouldn't be necessarily looking to exit those hotels until pricing improves in a material way. And I would also say looking down the road that despite the fact that we generally want to be in those target markets, I'm sure there'll be some opportunities that will turn up that we'll realize are compelling and so we'll decide to invest outside that. But I think overall, 80-plus percent in the target markets and something less than that outside of that would be -- makes sense to me today.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And do you have any sense or any rough estimate of how much investment it's going to take to get you there, maybe net of divesting some of your less prioritized hotels?
W. Edward Walter: Harry, I think we could probably do it with just by reduction and reinvestment. I don't know that we have to grow. I generally have thought, though, over time that we are -- we would like -- as long as we think the growth is accretive, as long as we're generating NAV improvement, generating earnings improvement, which I would then hope would translate into share price improvement, we would generally be predisposed towards growth. But I do see -- I think you could -- well, you could certainly get there would via subtraction to.
Operator: James Sullivan from Cowen and Company has our next question.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Ed, I just want to make sure I'm clear on the adjusted EBITDA guide. I think your comments said that it included the impact of completed dispositions, but did not include any assumption for acquisitions, although at the same time, you do expect to be a net acquirer this year. Is that right?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, that's correct, Jim.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And on the sale of the Atlanta Marriott, there was a $21 million gain in the first quarter and does the adjusted EBITDA number include that or exclude that?
W. Edward Walter: It does not include that.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then finally for me, you mentioned in your prepared comments, in terms of what gives you comfort on the demand side, continued good demand on international inward-bound travel. And I'm just curious if there are any leading indicators that you have that gives you comfort there in terms of say 2013, 2014 with demand continuing to grow from that segment?
W. Edward Walter: I think the only -- there's probably not an official publicly stated metric that -- and unfortunately a lot of the information around international travel tends to be very much delayed. But in talking with our asset management team and their conversations with the hotels, the feedback that we're getting is that we're still seeing a very strong influx of travelers from international markets, consistent with the sort of what we've been seeing over the past 24 months. So there's seeing that, whether it's Visa reform, whether it's greater wealth in those markets or in some cases better airlift, the bottom line is that the growth in international travel that we've been seeing since the great recession has sort of at least stopped going downwards, has still -- has been continuing.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then a final question for me, concerning your credit-rating. I believe you still have a split rating, and I'm curious, as you think about approaching the bond market, your bonds have traded as if they're investment-grade rated. And I'm just curious, if you -- if I'm right on that split rating, if you do become an investment-grade rated issuer, to what extent, if any, do you see some room for improvement in your spreads?
Larry K. Harvey: Being split-rated, Jim, we only picked up a little less than half of the improvement in our spreads than we'd get if we were purely investment-grade.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And you would estimate the improvement that you'd get if were investment-grade rated at how many basis points?
Larry K. Harvey: I'd say, at least 25.
Operator: We'll hear next from Susan Berliner from JPMorgan.
Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to follow up, I guess, a little bit on that question. I guess, can you just comment where you stand on the rating agencies. And if you think that you should already -- according to our math, you should already be fully investment-grade rated? And I guess how important that rating is to you? And then another question, just when you look at the secured markets versus the unsecured market, what's kind of the differential in spreads there?
W. Edward Walter: The most important thing with investment grade is having access to capital. In very dire times, the high-yield market will shut down. They shut down for 9 months in 2008. So access to capital, it's also obviously cost of capital. At this point, where we could do a bond deal, call it in -- a 10-year at 4 %. That's equivalent to basically where the life companies are, as well as CMBS. So they're all about at the same spot. So another way to look at that, of course, is that to the extent that we do end up with a dual investment rating then we would be borrowing at less than where we can if we're borrowing from the life companies.
Susan Berliner - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I guess just with regards to the rating agencies, do you think you have all the metrics now that would get the rating agencies to move with the final upgrades?
W. Edward Walter: I think that -- it's probably hard for us to comment on that. Certainly, S&P -- both of the agencies took some sort of action last year. I think one was to literally upgrade us, the other was to change our outlook.
Larry K. Harvey: Giving a positive outlook.
W. Edward Walter: Positive outlook. So as you can well imagine, there's ongoing conversations with the agencies throughout the year. And I think with the fact that you're seeing some of these changes suggest that we've made good progress from their perspective. I think we would like to get the -- ultimately would like the benefit of cheaper debt with being fully investment grade. I think the bigger focus sometimes internally for us though is on making certain -- it's really on the broader balance sheet objective because we think the market has a tendency to pick up the benefit of the balance sheet in our pricing anyway. But at the end of the day, it will ultimately be beneficial to be investment-grade rated by both S&P and Moody's.
Operator: Our next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but just really quickly, if you could talk about any specific markets where as you're out there looking to source deals, were things feel a little bit crowded either in the buy or the sell side?
W. Edward Walter: What you've seen this cycle, and it seems to me that it has been -- maybe you've seen this disparity to a greater degree, is that there has really been a focus on everybody on the debt side and on the acquisition side on the larger -- on the gateway markets, the markets that sort of come to mind first. In part because I think there's a general perception out there that those markets, the New Yorks, the D.C.s, the San Franciscos, are maybe a bit safer from a long-term perspective. And so that has clearly driven a lot of the acquisition activity and therefore the disposition activity over the course of the last 3 years. I -- we are hearing, but I don't know that there's any evidence of this yet, that folks are starting to -- both on the lending side and then on the investment side, are beginning to look at some of the next tier down markets. In some ways, I would look at our sale of the Atlanta Marquis as maybe a leading indicator of that. I think that, that was a great asset and -- but at the end of the day, that was a major sale both for us and for the buyer. And I think it's an indication of the fact that people are now starting to look outside of those markets. So it will be interesting to see, as you look at this year, how much more activity starts to happen in what previously were viewed as secondary markets.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Bill Crow from Raymond James & Associates.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Ed, just a quick question. It seems to me, as we talk to investors, there's more of a focus on M&A potential today than there was 6 months ago, and I think it's just the pool of capital that's out there chasing deals, and sovereign wealth, et cetera. I guess my question is 2-part. To what extent as you look at the landscape are you interested in participating should we get another round of M&A activity? And if so, are you doing any homework at this point to be ready for it?
W. Edward Walter: Bill, I guess what I would say broadly is that we obviously have the scale to do larger transactions. And so we always are at least trying to be thoughtful about what potential transactions might be out there. We also know, though, that history has suggested that while we've done a couple of larger deals over the years, the reality is that we generally built the company one acquisition at a time. So in terms of how we're deploying resources and things like this at this point in time, it is emphatically far more focused on looking at the individual transactions that are out there, that are in our pipeline as opposed to necessarily looking at larger transactions that might fit into the M&A framework.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: But you wouldn't be averse to looking, is that a fair statement?
W. Edward Walter: I -- of course not.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. I just -- I don't think that you gave a comment on your expectations for RevPAR in Europe, in particular, in 2013. I know you have the company-wide, but I wonder if you could give just a little color. I imagine that's similar to what your North America ranges, but if you have commentary in Europe? And then also in North America, do you have any comments on corporate-negotiated rates and where they've ended up for 2013 and just whether that was better or worse than what you were thinking 2 or 3 months ago?
Larry K. Harvey: Yes. For the 18 properties, including the 5 we just bought, in constant euros it's 2% to 3% RevPAR growth.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That was in Q4, the 2%. That's also your expectation for 2013?
Larry K. Harvey: 2% to 3%.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the corporate...
W. Edward Walter: And then as it relates to the special corporate discussions, I think we're -- I think what we've generally seen is a plus or minus 5% to 6% in terms of special corporate rate increases. In part of -- what I will say in this area is that we bulked up in this area over the -- through 2009 and through 2010 and probably a little bit even in '11. Last year we didn't necessarily try to grow those relationships a lot, because we're looking for really trying to substitute in higher price business. And I think we've seen a little bit of a continuation on that theme. So the actual rate negotiations are probably in that mid-single digit area, but it -- we might see better performance in that overall, because some of the cheaper business is now not necessarily getting access to the hotels the same way it did a couple of years ago.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is that 5% to 6% a little bit lower than the kind of high single-digit range you might have expected for the year 2 or 3 months ago?
W. Edward Walter: I'm sure that we started -- our operators started off with a more aggressive position. But I think from our perspective, that's in line with what we thought would likely happen.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today. Mr. Walter, I'll turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us on this call today. I can tell from all of the reports I've seen lately that this has got to be an incredibly busy week for all of you. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our results and our outlook, and we look forward to providing you more insight into how 2013 is playing out when we do our first quarter call in the very beginning of May. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gee Lingberg W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ryan Meliker - McNicoll, Lewis & Vlak LLC, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts Incorporated Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Gee Lingberg, Vice President. Please go ahead.
Gee Lingberg: Thanks, Cindy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts Third Quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal securities law. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. In addition, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on today's call is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer; and Greg Larson, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy. This morning, Ed Walter will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results, and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2012. Larry Harvey will then provide greater detail on our third quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here's Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Gee. Good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to report our best overall operating results of this recovery as exceptionally strong group demand fostered solid rate growth across all segments of our business. As we will discuss in more detail, this strong rate growth also allowed us to generate meaningful improvement in our operating margins. Our third quarter performance, combined with continued strength in group bookings gives us the confidence to raise our guidance for the year. We feel very positive about the fundamentals in the business and our outlook, which I will discuss in more detail. First, let's review our results for the quarter. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the third quarter increased 7.6%, driven by an improvement in our average rate of 4.7%, combined with an occupancy increase of 2.1 percentage points. Our occupancy for the quarter was 78.4%, which gave us our second straight quarter where occupancy exceeded our prior peak level in 2007. Our average rate was $182 and RevPAR was $143. Comparable hotel food and beverage revenue grew 4.5%, driven more by growth in outlet sales as several of our recently renovated restaurants saw significant increases in activity. The strong rate performance combined with tight cost controls and low utility rates, lead to an impressive 285 basis point increase in our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins for the quarter and resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $241 million, which represents a 14% increase over the prior year. Adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.21, an increase of 31%. On a year-to-date basis, comparable hotel RevPAR increased 6.7%, driven by a 3.9% increase in average rate and a 2 percentage-point improvement in occupancy. Total year-to-date comparable revenue growth of 6.3%, combined with an adjusted operating profit margin that increased 170 basis points, resulted in year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $764 million. This represented an increase of more than 14% over the prior year. Adjusted FFO per diluted share increased 15% to $0.69. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our operating results this quarter. The key driver of our third quarter results was the robust 20% increase in corporate group demand, which led to a more than 6% increase in group room nights. Not surprisingly, our larger group hotels, especially those in Boston and several resort markets, outperformed the overall portfolio. Our luxury hotels also experienced strong group activity, especially on the rate front as rates were up more than 6% in the quarter. Benefiting from both mix shift and higher absolute rates in both the corporate and discount segments, our average group rates were up almost 3.5% and group revenues were up nearly 10%. As expected, the significant increase in group demand allowed our managers to focus on driving rate in our transient segments, which was the primary factor behind our transient revenue growth again this quarter. Overall rate growth was north of 5% and was spread fairly evenly across all major transient segments. We were pleased to see a 1.5% increase in retail room nights which further increased transient rates during -- through mix shift. Luxury transient demand also increased by more than 3%, further enhancing this trend. With a focus on rates in our transient business, our transient room nights increased a modest 0.5%. The slight increase in demand combined with the improvement in rate led to a nearly 6% increase in transient revenue. Looking at the fourth quarter and into next year, we continue to be encouraged by the positive trends in group business. While current booking activity or current quarter booking activity will likely slow somewhat because fewer room blocks are available, longer-term activity continues to be strong as overall bookings in the third quarter were up nearly 9% compared to the prior year. Even with the disruptive timing of several holidays and the election, group revenues on the books are up 7.5% for the fourth quarter. Our activity for 2013 continues to show sequential improvement, with revenues on the books now 8% ahead of the prior year. The great majority of this improvement is happening in our larger group hotels, which are benefiting as customers begin to plan more proactively. On the investment front, the company's European joint venture, in which we hold a 33% interest, acquired its first hotel in Germany, the 192-room Le Mridien Grand Hotel in Nuremberg, for a total purchase price of $37 million. The recently renovated historic hotel is situated in a prime city center location near multiple cultural sites and benefits from 3 primary demand drivers: Leisure, corporate and convention. The metropolitan region of Nuremberg is a major economic hub in Germany with a significant number of national and international companies located in the area. It also represents one of the most important trade fair destinations in Germany. Looking at this position, we are making good progress in our efforts to market several properties. We continue to expect that we will complete incremental sales in the $300 million to $400 million range. However, the sale market and timing of these transactions is difficult to predict. While we hope to complete these sales by the end of the year, it is likely that the closing of some of these transactions could spill over into early 2013. In addition to our acquisition and disposition transactions, we have been very active this year on several value enhancement projects. These projects represent innovative uses of existing hotel space or excess land to enhance revenue or generate new revenue. An example of this type of project includes the transaction we announced in August, where we leased retail and signage space at the New York Marriott Marquis to Vornado Realty Trust. Vornado plans to invest approximately $140 million to redevelop and substantially expand the existing retail space, including the conversion of some of the below-grade parking to superior high-end retail space, as well as adding a 6-story block front LED signage that will dramatically improve both the hotel and the retail space present from Times Square. The new lease will generate substantial economic benefits to Host, our rent has already increased by more than $6 million annually, and we would expect significant additional rent increases as the project is completed and leased. Another important value enhancement project I'd like to talk about is the time share development on excess land at our Hyatt Regency in Maui. We are in the advanced stages of negotiating a joint venture with Hyatt Residential Group to develop, sell and operate a 131-unit vacation ownership project on what is currently an ocean-front parking lot. This project features a 6,500 square foot open-air lobby with direct ocean sightline, a pool with a capacity for 400 deckchairs, a 3,000 square foot fitness center, an owners' lounge, provisions market and casual dining and poolside bar. The timeshare will have access to amenities at our existing resorts for which the residents will pay an amenity fee covered by the timeshare association dues. In addition to the profit we expect to generate from the sale of the timeshare units, we also expect to benefit from synergies created with the existing hotel. These should include savings related to shared expenses, room sales in connection with marketing efforts or transition nights, as well as ancillary business capture in the spa, food and beverage outlets and retail shops. Host's contribution to the venture will include a combination of its land as well as cash for its majority interest. Finally, we are also expecting to create value from some underutilized tennis courts at the Newport Beach Marriott Hotel and Spa. We are under contract with a luxury homebuilder to sell 4.2 acres of excess land adjacent to the hotel, which has been approved for the development and sale of 79 luxury condominiums. The successful execution of these innovative uses of existing space or unused land is expected to create future value to Host of approximately $400 million to $500 million. With respect to capital reinvestment, it is worth noting that the grand opening of the new Westin New York Grand Central will occur later this week on October 12. This $80 million conversion of the hotel formerly known as the New York Helmsley Hotel, included the renovation of all of the guest rooms, lobby, public areas, heating and air-conditioning systems, the ballroom and meeting space, fitness center, as well as the creation of a new restaurant and bar. This will be the only the second Westin in Manhattan, and we believe the hotel will benefit greatly from being part of the Starwood system. Now, let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Recent industry RevPAR results for September have been weaker and have raised concerns over the strength of the fourth quarter. As you are probably aware, the recent weakness in September was anticipated due to the timing of the Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur holidays, and is not an indication of slowing trends. In addition, the midweek timing of Halloween and Election Day, as well as the early Hanukkah season, will likely have a negative impact on fourth quarter results, in part by condensing the number of weeks available for larger group meetings. However, these holidays have been anticipated and have been taken into consideration in our forecast for the full year. And even with the negative impact of the holidays this year, we expect our comparable hotel RevPAR to be stronger in the second half of 2012 than the first half of 2012, as lodging demand remains strong and pricing power improves. As we have outlined today, we continue to see strong demand trends, especially in our group business. And with load supply in our markets, industry fundamentals are expected to remain solid for the fourth quarter and into next year. With that in mind, and with our strong third quarter results, we now expect the comparable hotel RevPAR for the full year will increase between 6.25% and 7%. Our year-to-date margin performance, combined with the expectation that we can continue to drive strong flow-through for the remainder of the year, gives us the confidence to raise our margin guidance to an increase of 135 to 150 basis points for the year. Based on these RevPAR margin expectations, the mid-point of our guidance is increasing by more than $12 million, and we now expect adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $1.155 billion to $1.175 billion. This operating forecast will result in adjusted FFO per share of $1.06 to $1.09. Looking at our dividend, we increased our third quarter common dividend to $0.08 per share. Our fourth quarter dividend will depend upon our final operating results and the gains we may generate on asset sales. While it's premature to offer any specific guidance relative to RevPAR or revenue growth for 2013, we do believe that the fundamentals for our business continue to be attractive. We expect to enter next year with an occupancy level higher than we had in 2007, the strong booking pace I referenced and supply near record low of 0.5% in our markets. We are very confident that our managers will have success in negotiating higher Special Corporate rates this fall. Additionally, international travel continues to grow at a high-single digit rate, adding demand in our priority gateway markets. All of these factors should result in solid RevPAR growth in the coming year. Thank you. And now, let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Overall, we had an outstanding quarter in numerous markets. Our top-performing market was Philadelphia with a RevPAR increase of 20.8%. Occupancy improved over 11 percentage points, driven by both group and transient demand, while rate increased 3%. Both the Downtown Marriott and the Four Seasons had another exceptional quarter with excellent growth in rooms and F&B revenues. Results for the quarter benefited from the 2011 rooms and meeting space renovations at the Downtown Marriott. We expect our Philadelphia hotels to underperform our portfolio in the fourth quarter due to a decline in group and transient demand, as well as a renovation at the Philadelphia Airport Marriott. RevPAR for our Tampa hotels exceeded our expectations with RevPAR up 18.8%. Our Tampa Waterside Marriott hosted the Republican National Convention and the RevPAR growth was driven by improvements in ADR for both group and transient business for the quarter. Our Boston hotels had an outstanding quarter, with RevPAR growth of 15.4%. ADR increased over 12% and occupancy increased more than 2 points to over 88%. The outperformance was driven by strong group demand which allowed us to benefit from rate compression for both group and transient business. We expect our Boston hotels to have a good fourth quarter due to strength in group revenues and an expectation of continuing strong transient rates. Our San Francisco hotels continued to exceed our expectations, as RevPAR increased 12.7% due to an ADR improvement of over 9% and roughly a 3 percentage point increase in occupancy. The strong occupancy level of 88% allowed our operators to shift the mix of business to higher rated transient segments. We expect our San Francisco hotels to continue to perform very well in the fourth quarter as strong group and transient demand will allow us to continue to drive rate. Our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels had a great quarter as RevPAR improved 11.4%, well above our expectations. Average rate increased 9%, while occupancy was up nearly 2 percentage points. Both transient and group demand performed well. We expect our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels to have a good fourth quarter due to solid group bookings. Our Los Angeles hotels had RevPAR growth of 9.1%. Strong group demand created compression to drive both group and transient rate. ADR increased nearly 5%, while occupancy improved by more than 3 percentage points to nearly 88%. We expect our Los Angeles hotels to have a great fourth quarter due to robust group and transient demand. Our Hawaiian hotels continue to perform well with RevPAR up 7.7%, almost all of which was due to increased rate. Strong group and transient demand allowed the hotels to shift the mix of business to higher-rated categories. We expect our Hawaiian hotels to have a good fourth quarter. RevPAR for our New York hotels increased 4.6% due to occupancy growth of over 2 percentage points and a 2.1% increase in ADR. Results were affected by renovations at 3 hotels. Driving ADR growth in New York had been challenging this year, and we expect that trend to continue in the fourth quarter. As we expected, our Chicago hotels underperformed our portfolio due to lower levels of city-wide and group demand when compared to the third quarter of 2011. RevPAR increased 3.5%, driven by an increase in rate of nearly 3% and a slight improvement in occupancy. We expect our Chicago hotels to perform much better in the fourth quarter due to better group and transient demand. Our Washington, D.C. hotels experienced a RevPAR decline of 80 basis points. ADR increased roughly 1%, while occupancy fell over 1.5 percentage points. Both group and transient demand were weak as there was little activity on Capitol Hill and electioneer activities were outside of D.C. Results in the quarter were hurt by the rooms renovation at the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill. We have a series of meeting space and rooms renovations scheduled for the fourth quarter, and we expect D.C. to continue to underperform the portfolio. We expect 2013 to be a better year for D.C. Year-to-date, Philadelphia has been our best-performing market with a RevPAR increase of 24.5%, followed by Boston with a RevPAR increase of 11.6%, and Houston with a 10.5% increase. Our worst-performing market has been San Antonio, with a RevPAR decrease of 2.8%. Our European joint venture operating results continued to exceed our expectations. Excluding the Sheraton Roma, which is under a major renovation, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 4.1% for the quarter. EBITDA margins improved 120 basis points, and EBITDA was up over 9%. The JV has high quality assets and the average rate for the portfolio was EUR 200 for the quarter. As we previously discussed, inbound travel to the Eurozone from the U.S., U.K. and Asia and the Middle East continues to be strong and is a major source of euro-lodging demand. The Hotel Arts Barcelona, the Sheraton Warsaw and the Brussels Marriott all had strong RevPAR increases for the quarter, while the Westin Palace Milan struggled. Year-to-date, excluding the Sheraton Roma, pro forma RevPAR in constant euros is up 3.8% and EBITDA margins increased 150 basis points, while EBITDA was up over 10%. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 285 basis points. Margins for the quarter benefited from better productivity as wages and benefits on a per occupied basis were up only 1.4%. Despite a big increase in revenue, costs that are variable with revenues, such as sales and marketing and cluster and shared service allocations, were well controlled. General and administrative, sales and marketing and repairs and maintenance increased only 3.2%. Utility costs were down 9.6% as natural gas rates declined nearly 17% and electricity rates fell roughly 7%. Even with the hot summer weather, our energy consumption dropped as our considerable investments in energy and ROI projects over the last few years continued to reduce our utility costs. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect that comparable hotel RevPAR will be driven by both occupancy and rate growth. But rate growth should be increasingly more important in the fourth quarter as we're approaching full year 2007 peak levels of occupancy. The additional rate growth should lead to solid rooms flow-through even with growth in wage and benefit cost. While somewhat difficult to predict, we are anticipating lower growth in F&B revenue and profitability in the fourth quarter of this year due to an unfavorable comparison with 2011 where F&B revenue grew 6.8%, as well as the anticipated impact of a challenging holiday and election calendar. We expect unallocated cost to increase in line with inflation, particularly for sales and marketing, where higher revenues will increase cost. We also expect utilities to decline in the quarter, albeit at a much lower level of decline than we experienced in the third quarter. We have had tremendous success relative to our expectations for this year in reducing our property taxes. We expected a property tax increase of roughly 9% for 2012. At this point, we expect a full year increase in the 6% area, as we have been successful in reducing several current year assessments and challenging prior year assessments. Comparable hotel margins in the third quarter benefited from a $3 million reduction in prior year property tax assessments. However, we do expect an increase in property taxes in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect full year comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 135 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and increase 150 basis points at the high end of the range. In the quarter, we continue to take advantage of the favorable debt markets by extending debt maturities and reducing our overall cost of debt. We closed on a $500 million credit facility term loan that has a 5-year maturity and an all-in floating interest rate of approximately 2% based on our current leverage level. In addition, we issued $450 million of senior notes that mature in 2023 and bear interest at 4.75%, the lowest senior notes coupon in the history of the company. A substantial portion of these proceeds were used to repay debt with an average rate of over 6.6%. Since the beginning of the year, we have reduced our weighted average interest rate by 80 basis points and extended our weighted average debt maturity by one year to 5.4 years. We ended the quarter with $254 million of cash and cash equivalents and $751 million of available capacity under our credit facility. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Loeb with Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Ed, I wonder if you could just expand a little bit on the calendar issues. I actually have a couple of questions on this. But first, kind of simply, can you give us calendar third quarter RevPAR results for your portfolio and September results for your portfolio?
W. Edward Walter: David, we don't have September yet. We haven't really gotten much of the reporting in on a number of the monthly hotels at this point in time. I think our sense of what calendar would be for us for the third quarter would be just short of 6%. So still a pretty good quarter relative to the industry, but I think you're right in identifying it's not quite as strong as our headline number.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And any sense for the last few weeks of September or the first week of October? Is that about where you thought relative to expectations? Or was it weaker or stronger?
W. Edward Walter: No, I think, we had recognized a while ago that the timing of the Jewish holidays both sort of affecting group travel during the week and I think the prior year, one of the holidays, I believe, was on the weekend and the other was near the -- better positioned within the week. We knew it was going to be a difficult comparison year-over-year. So there was -- there really hasn't been any surprise out of that. It obviously does not look great when you get a few weeks. But to be honest, as we tried to highlight in our comments relative to the -- in our outlook, I think the fourth quarter -- we feel very good about the fourth quarter in general. So especially these last 3 months of the year, our bookings are very strong. Our transient bookings are very strong. So we don't see what happened in September as a sign of weakness for the fourth quarter. We think it was simply one of those year-over-year problems that happens in our business. We -- I think everyone should recognize that it probably will be a bit of a choppy fourth quarter because between the other items that we mentioned, Halloween, the election, early Hanukkah, all of those things are going to cause the results, I think, to be more abnormal than normal. And so we're going to see some great weeks and we're going to see some not so great weeks. But overall, as we assess it, and we obviously, we improved our guidance based on both the third quarter strength, but also the sense that the fourth quarter overall would continue to be strong.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's very helpful. On the group piece of that, given your comments about fewer group weeks, fewer weeks basically that are easy for groups to book meetings, do you think there will be less meetings overall? Do you think it will broaden the geography of where those meetings are held, as in a broader set of hotels or more markets? Or do you think that it'll just be more meetings in the weeks that can have meetings?
W. Edward Walter: I would suspect that at the corporate level, it will be the latter. Is that their corporate activity will be more condensed, and that may mean that other hotels benefit than might normally not have. The overall, as we look at the quarter, we are still expecting group to be, certainly, up meaningfully in the fourth quarter. We do not expect group to be as strong in Q4 as it was in Q3 but that we had a pretty remarkable Q3 in group.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So I guess that means that overall, ADR in those weeks should be very, very good.
W. Edward Walter: That's what you would hope.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Eli Hackel with Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions or 2 topics. First is just on acquisitions. Just, I know this is a small amount, but I think acquisition cost guidance went down by $1 million from last quarter to this quarter for the full year. Was there anything behind that? And as you look to 2013, would you expect to be, given current market conditions, a net buyer or net seller? And then just more specifically, New York. I just want to focus in here on the supply picture, it seems that there's going to be a lot coming online, has come online, and even on the next couple of years, more will come online. What's your broader outlook for New York and how do you currently assess your current exposure to the market?
W. Edward Walter: Okay. On the $1 million change in acquisition cost, Larry, do you have a comment on that?
Larry K. Harvey: Yes. The actual acquisition cost on the Grand Hyatt was lower than we expected. So that was part of the forecast. So that's the reason for that.
W. Edward Walter: So that's a good reason for that to have dropped. As we look at 2013, I would say that while we are certainly happy with the disposition pricing that we seem to be attracting on the asset that we're looking at selling, I also think that we -- still fairly comfortable, but this is going to be an extended cycle. And so, I would expect that we would continue to be active in 2013. Whether it's we're net acquirer or a net seller probably depends more on how attractive are the actual acquisition opportunities that develop over the course of 2013. But I think, by and large, our intent is to continue to be active in the year. And if I were -- if I try to plan it out perfectly, I'd probably say we'd probably be about neutral in 2013. In New York, the supply challenges in New York continue. Our sense is that they are going to slowly but surely abate. When we look at our New York results, I mean, some of the softness that we experienced this year was relative to supply, but a lot of it is relative to levels of construction that just hit practically every hotel we have in the market. I think literally every hotel had some sort of construction going on this summer. So we still feel pretty good about New York. We certainly like the presence, the hotels that we've acquired in that market. We feel good about how they are positioned. We are certainly looking forward to seeing what our operating results will be next year with full rooms renovation at the Westin -- the W Union Square. The Helmsley will be open for business with no construction. The W in Lexington has also had some construction this year, that it won't be replicated next year. We're feeling pretty good about how New York should play out next year for us.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: 2012 was a big year, a sizable year in terms of capital investments, and this might be kind of more of an arts and science. But when you look back to the first 3 quarters of this year and what you're anticipating for the fourth quarter, what do you sort of quantify as the impact to EBITDA from renovation disruption? And then as you think about next year and in terms of capital investments, I guess just directionally as we're all trying to figure out forecasts for next year, do you anticipate whatever that renovation disruption was in '12, do you expect that to be more or less the same, a little bit less in '13?
W. Edward Walter: Joe, I don't know that we're in a position to give you a precise answer on what the impact is from capital from one year to the next. I mean, it's so much is dependent upon the particular hotel that certainly, we know that there has been impact this year. We have had a very full capital program in 2012. And so whether it's in New York or whether it affects some other markets across the country -- San Francisco had a fair amount of work done there, too -- it's really hard for us to give you any kind of a legitimate number there. I would say that as we are in the process now of discussing our capital budgets for next year with our operators, and I think we're fairly comfortable that our capital spending in 2013 will decline compared to the levels that we had in 2012, and it should be by a fairly significant amount.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Ed, I don't know if you intentionally left it out, I missed it, you're not going to mention it. But I will ask, with the timeshare JV, how much will you guys be contributing to that?
W. Edward Walter: I'd love to give you that answer, but we are -- we literally concluded with Hyatt that we were going to wait until we had really finished all the documentation and a couple of other issues before we were going to provide more detail. So we'd obviously love to talk about it a little bit more. It's a project that we've worked on for a long time. It's a tremendous use of some available land at that property. But I think we're just going to need to wait a few more weeks before we give any more specific details.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So we'll anxiously await that. And then on -- you guys went through the different regions, very nice detail as usual. Just wondering if we could touch upon Canada for a moment. That was up very nicely. Just wondering how much of that was FX and what was the local currency RevPAR change there?
W. Edward Walter: I think what I would tell you is it was -- a lot of the increase there was at this particular quarter, the benefit from currency. We did have -- there was -- it was a positive RevPAR growth on a year-over-year basis, but certainly, some of the lift that we saw there came from currency, too.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then so -- okay. And then, this might be a little bit backwards looking and you might have touched upon this in one of your prior answers, but when we were having -- on the last call, you had said that you had anticipated that RevPAR growth in the third quarter, RevPAR trends in the third quarter would be similar to that of the second quarter. Clearly, there was a nice uptick. Just wondering, did you see something stronger out of group in the quarter or during the quarter, since July, than you would have anticipated. I'm just trying to figure out what changed.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would say it was 2 things. I think what was a -- the first was that, as the booking cycles lengthened a little bit, at least in comparison to prior years, maybe not in comparison to historical times back in the earlier part of the last decade. But I'd say our -- the rooms that we had booked in the -- for the third quarter held up very well, meaning that at the end of the day, our group demand for the third quarter didn't -- and we booked almost as many rooms in the quarter as we had the prior year. And so, at the end of the day, we hadn't really expected that our final group revenue growth would be nearly 10% in the third quarter. I think that was really the big positive surprise from our perspective. And so it was the combination of continuing to book rooms in the quarter, for the quarter, and then, as we discussed, that gave us -- it gave the properties the opportunity to be fairly aggressive on rate. So what you ended up seeing in a variety of different ways is we had better retail business and our overall rate growth in all segments was relatively strong. But ultimately, I think it all -- for us, it all started with the group.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one last housekeeping. You just -- you raised your CapEx guidance by about $25 million since the last quarter. Is that just finalizing budgets, or is there something new in there?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think there's a couple of things going on there. Some of that is we have found -- we have accelerated, in some cases, some CapEx into 2012 that we might have thought was going to carry -- end up occurring in 2013. And I think that happened both on the maintenance side and a little bit on some of the properties where we were doing acquisition CapEx. So I wouldn't call it -- I don't think there was any new projects that were approved. It was really just a function of whether things were going to happen before year end or after year end.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Meliker with LM -- I'm sorry, MLV & Company.
Ryan Meliker - McNicoll, Lewis & Vlak LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick things. First of all, maybe I missed this as Larry was going through some of the things that impacted margins in the quarter. But you guys had fantastic margins this quarter. You're up 170 bps year-to-date, you said. But your guidance actually implies 4Q margin growth materially slowing to I guess, roughly 60 to 100 bps. Can you give us some color as to what's going on as to why margins would be slowing? Was that some of the strength in margins got pulled through into the third quarter out of the fourth quarter? Or is there something else going on?
W. Edward Walter: It's a little bit of that. I think one of the -- so probably, the best example of that is what Larry was describing on the real estate tax front. At the end of the day, our year-to-date taxes have grown at less than inflation. But we're still expecting, by the end of the year, to be up close to 6% in terms of taxes. So part of what's happening is the bulk of that increase in taxes is occurring in the fourth quarter. We have a little bit of the same sort of thing happening with insurance, too. And so it -- what I would say overall is that the combination of a couple of things like these items that are ending up being heavy in the fourth quarter, which we've always anticipated, is just that -- I think it shows up a bit more now because of the strength that we had during the summer in terms of margins, are causing the problem. The other element of it is that as you look at food and beverage and you look at other revenue, probably not quite as optimistic there as we were earlier in the year. And so a little bit lower revenue growth there is also weighing slightly on margins in that relative context. I think coming back to the -- probably the most fundamental point though is when we look at where we started in the year, which was well -- the mid-point in our guidance was well below 100 basis points in margin improvement, and looking at where we are now, where we're in the 135 to 150 range of improvement, we couldn't be happier with the progress that we've been able to make on improving our flow-through over the course of 2012.
Ryan Meliker - McNicoll, Lewis & Vlak LLC, Research Division: Last 3 quarters, you guys have gradually, actually had guidance up across the board, RevPAR margins, EBITDA, recurring FFO, et cetera, which is obviously nice to see. But I'm wondering, if you could take a step back and tell us, was it that you were more conservative at the start of the year and that's one of the reasons why your guidance was a little more cautious, then obviously, what you've seen throughout the course of the year. Or is it that over the course of the year, trends have really perked up that much more than you were expecting?
W. Edward Walter: Are you asking me whether we sandbagged at the beginning of the year? Or...
Ryan Meliker - McNicoll, Lewis & Vlak LLC, Research Division: Oh, I would never say that.
W. Edward Walter: No, the reality is that we did. I think we try to approach all of these numbers with what we hope is a balanced level of conservatism. But I think at the end of the day, we've been pleasantly -- if you look at the top line, the top line has actually grown more than we had expected at the beginning of the year too. We started the year thinking 4% to 6%, and now we're talking -- so call it a mid-point of 5%. And now we're looking at a mid-point in our RevPAR that's in the upper 6s. So I think it's -- that's a huge contributor to the improvement and just because a lot of that's happened in rate, which flows through very well. Larry commented on a couple of areas where we've been happy in terms of what's transpired. We saved money in real estate taxes that we hadn't counted on. I've been very happy with the efforts that we've made on the asset management side in working with our operators to, especially over the course of these last 2 or 3 quarters, our unallocated costs or support costs -- G&A, sales and marketing, repair and maintenance -- all of those numbers have stayed fairly low over these last 3 quarters, and I think that's contributed to margins. And then the last factor that is so hard to predict but certainly has been a huge benefit this year, is the reduction in utility costs. We've seen reductions in rates. It's remarkable to me that as hot as this summer was, at least from the perspective we had here in Washington, it's remarkable to think with fully occupied hotels, our energy consumption actually declined. And it's good to see that the investments we've made in energy efficiency are paying off in terms of less consumption, which is part of the reason why our utility costs are down as much as they are.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ed, just a question on dispositions and capital recycling. With the CMBS market so strong, have you changed your thinking about dispositions activity? I heard there's a chance you guys might have more coming to market. And maybe you could rank for us how you see uses of capital. Is Europe the most interesting opportunity today for you guys? Or is it something closer to home like continued investment in renovations or deals here in the U.S.?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, let's start with the first question about sales. I think, first, I think you're right that the CMBS market does seem to be strengthening, and we hope that, that proves to be a continuing trend because we would expect that, that would be a source of financing, not the only one, but a key source of financing for folks who are buying properties from us. I think we made it clear that we intend to be a fairly active seller over the course of the next few years. I think a lot of that has to do with just our approach in trying to overall -- improve the overall quality of our portfolio. One way you do that is by buying the sorts of assets we've bought, but the other is by selling assets in markets that ultimately don't fit our -- the strategy for the company going forward. So we're pleased to see the developments on the financing side and tend to be active through the, certainly active through the end of this year. And I am sure our targets for next year in terms of sales will be even more aggressive than what we have discussed today for 2012. Jeff, I forgot the last part of your last segment of your question. What was that again?
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: No, I was just asking how you would rank where you would actually put capital to work. If it's -- is Europe the most interesting opportunity to you today? Or is it something closer to home, like renovations or even your stock or just acquisitions here in the U.S.?
W. Edward Walter: I think, right now, it's really going to be driven by what looks to provide the best opportunity. So certainly, we still expect that the bulk of our investment is going to happen in the States. As you can tell from the purchase of the Nuremberg hotel, we're still looking in Europe and our partners are still very interested in trying to buy there. We're not seeing a lot of competition there. And we appear to be one of the few firms that are active there that can access financing, so we do have some competitive advantages there. But we're also at the same point in time trying to be somewhat cautious in the way we approach Europe for all the reasons that I'm sure are obvious. So I think we continue to be interested in looking at investments in Brazil. And we are pursuing some investments in Asia, too. But I'd still come back to the main point that as I think about '13, if it could work out the way I'd like it to, I would expect that the bulk of the sales proceeds we generate would go towards investments in the U.S.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just 2 quick questions. On group trends, I think earlier in the year, you guys were talking about situation where groups were showing up and sort of upscaling their event, if you will, in the days prior to the event. Are you still seeing that trend or are companies maybe getting a bit more frugal?
W. Edward Walter: I think we're still seeing it, although it's -- I don't know that we saw it as much during the summer. But I think some of that relates to the type of business that you tend to get in the summer in group anyway, which tends to be a little bit lower priced. So we'll get a better read on that in terms of what happens in the fourth quarter. One trend that we have had described to us that's consistent with what you just described is that the groups continue to not necessarily commit to a lot of food and beverage unless they're forced to. But we're still hearing of instances where they are showing up and a week or 2 out starting to raise their F&B spend. So I think it will be interesting to see exactly where food and beverage spend comes out in the fourth quarter. It is notoriously difficult to predict, despite the fact that we do try to do that every quarter. And certainly, the fourth quarter this year, just because of some of the holiday issues and other things, it's probably a little bit more complex than normal.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just a last question. I know you didn't provide 2013 guidance. But do you have a reaction to Marriott's guidance for next year? Do you -- I guess, my question is, do you share their confidence, given negotiated rate in group trends, or do your hotels lead you to maybe have a different, maybe more conservative outlook?
W. Edward Walter: I want to be careful about doing it backdoor. But I think it should have been clear from the comments that I made at the end of my prepared remarks is that we're not putting a specific number on it. We feel really good about next year. It's just hard to -- you look at our starting point, where we're expecting that we're going to have more occupied rooms at the end of this year than we did in '07, we'll still be short of where we were in 2000 -- in 1999 and 2000. So we'd still see room to grow on the occupancy side. We don't think we've peaked there. But given the starting point of that high level of occupancy, combined with the level of group activity that we're expecting based on our advanced bookings, we see some occupancy increase and we see a lot of rate increase next year. So all in all, we're not seeing any signs that make us less bullish on 2013. We feel good about it at this point, and we obviously will look forward to giving a lot more insight into that in our February call as we get into 2013.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Looking at your balance sheet, will you look to retire the balance of the Series Q notes that are 6 3/4%, and potentially, the Series 9 that are -- you can do the make hold [ph] with in 2013?
Larry K. Harvey: Those are the 2 bond deals that we are focused on, but we don't have a short-term plan to do that right now, Wes. It's something -- we've refinanced a lot of debt. Ed talked a little bit about asset sales and other things, but at the end of the day, we expect to generate a fair amount of free cash flow and other things. So we'll evaluate as appropriate with the market where the credit markets are. But we had a great year on the refinancing side and dropping our weighted average interest rate, getting that weighted average debt maturity over 5. So it's something we evaluate on an opportunistic basis. And those are 2 with a little bit of a bullet on them, so.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Yes, you've definitely been busy. Looking at the Vornado deal, do you expect any renovation impact, or I guess, redevelopment impact next year while you're doing the redevelopment, to the operator?
W. Edward Walter: I always hesitate to say -- to answer that and say, "No, we don't expect any." Because inevitably, we're surprised at some point in time with some effect. But the reality is, is we think that the activity that they're going to have is separate enough from what's going on at the hotel that we would expect it to be fairly minimal.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Your RevPAR guidance at the mid-point moved up, but the hotel top line mid-point went down. Is the disconnect there just the food and beverage comp in Q4 being tough? Is that why the total hotel top line mid-point is going down while RevPAR is going up?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, that's the reason for that.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just sort on your group business, when you look out, do you have concerns about kind of crowding out high-rate transient business when your group rates, I think you said were up 3.5% and your forward bookings are now up, I think you said, in the quarter, were up 9% for the forward year. Do you worry about at what point you are committing to more rooms that have lower rates than what maybe the overall RevPAR increase would be?
W. Edward Walter: No, that's a great question and a great thought. But we're -- if you kind of look at where we stand right now, we are still -- we're actually doing more transient business today on an occupancy basis than we were in '07. We're still doing less group business than we were in '07. So I think as we think about what's likely to drive the most overall profitability in our hotel, more group is -- would be a benefit to us. Not only is -- it's not just a rate game, because remember that we do get better food and beverage spend -- more profitable food and beverage spend out of groups. So increasing our group -- our overall percentage of our business's group will be helpful from that standpoint. But also, on the transient side, what will happen as we continue to add group into the hotel is, what we'll be displacing is not the highly rated corporate transient, we'll be displacing the more lowly rated discount transient. And so the net effect is that we should benefit, not only from higher absolute rates, but also from some mix shift because of that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Smedes Rose with KBW.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you a little more about Europe because it sounds like your hotels and your JV there are holding up fairly well in light of what's happening there. But so on the transaction side, could you comment on the, maybe the valuation around the hotel you acquired in Germany? And just kind of in general, maybe what you're seeing in terms of the amount of property that's on the market and kind of where cap rates are heading. Are valuations kind of steady? Just sort of a general -- your thoughts there.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, it's interesting, Smedes. It's a good question. And as, first of all, as it relates to Nuremberg. We were -- this was a very unique opportunity. It developed very quickly. And we had an opportunity to buy the hotel because we had previously bought hotels from this group and we had been able to close relatively expeditiously. So I think they had a high level of confidence in our ability to purchase the hotel and purchase it quickly. We bought it all cash. We intend to finance it. And while, as I mentioned, it's not easy necessarily to get financing in Europe, the nice thing is that because it's a smaller German-based asset, there is a fairly liquid market in Germany that will provide the sort of 50% loan-to-value financing that we like to put on our assets in the JV. So we're expecting to be able to finance that at rates that would actually sound attractive in the U.S., so somewhere probably south of 4%. The pricing here was -- we also thought was fairly attractive. We bought this for about a 10 EBITDA multiple. Cap rate was 8.5 or so. So I think all the measures about this deal, for an asset that we're buying significantly below replacement cost in a great location within the city, all sort of came together pretty well. Not every deal that we're looking at in Europe, of course, has these kinds of metrics. But I think we feel relatively good about the pricing that we're looking at in Europe on the transactions we're evaluating. And wherever, we are certainly looking at things with a conservative eye for this year and next and really sort of thinking more in terms of returning to stabilized levels of growth much further out. I would tell you that the market is not extremely active, in part because most of the folks that are selling are doing it because they have a real reason to do it, either their fund is expiring or they have debt coming due. So I would say there's not a lot of normal sellers in the market. It's more a case of motivated sellers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Will Marks with JMP.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Yes. I just had a couple of other group questions. You've covered it pretty well. What percent of your rooms are typically booked before the beginning of the year?
W. Edward Walter: Well, if you, I guess, here's how I'd look at this. As we started -- as we start off a year, we would expect that probably about 70% or so of our group rooms would be on the books at that point in time.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: And remind me what group represents as a total -- as a percentage of the total.
W. Edward Walter: I think we've been running in the 37% to 38% range the last couple of years. I think we're probably going to be pushing back up towards 39% or 40% this year. Interesting to see where it ultimately comes out.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay. And it sounds like there's not a whole lot of change in the last few months in terms of the group outlook for the future or. Is that the case? And are there any changes in kind of mix on which types of groups are booking?
W. Edward Walter: I think one of the things that we were pleased to see develop over the course of the summer was the significant increase in our corporate group. That has -- that was the -- that segment of our business that dropped the most in the downturn and has generally been recovering the best during the course of the last 3 years. So that continues to be the area where we've seen the biggest improvement. Our association business has been, I'd say, a bit more inconsistent. Some quarters have been really strong, and other quarters, it has not been as strong. The corporate group is the area that tends to make the decision probably in the shortest term, and that's been the area that's been growing the most.
William C. Marks - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And are you -- would you say there's been any change in the group outlook over the last few months based on the economy or anything else?
W. Edward Walter: I think the only changes that -- I think everybody should read our comments. We continue to see group get better and better. I mean, if I look at the way this year's played out, I -- we are certainly, pleasantly surprised by how strong group has been this year, far better than what we saw last year. When we look at 2013, each quarter, as we look at the booking pace for the -- for 2013, our -- the percentage that revenues booked is ahead of the prior year has continued to increase as we worked our way through the quarter. So we have been -- in the beginning of the year, we were in the low-single digits. So at this point now, we're up over 8% in terms of our -- the revenues that are on the books for next year. So that's been strong. I suspect we'll see the same sort of progress in 2014. So overall, we've been very happy with what we've seen on the group side. And from our perspective, it continues to strengthen.
Operator: And due to time constraints, at this time, we will take our last question. That question comes from Joshua Attie with Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How much did Tampa add to the RevPAR growth of the company in the third quarter?
W. Edward Walter: Larry, that sounds like your kind of question.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes, I didn't do the math, Josh. It wasn't significant. I mean, it's one hotel. It's a very small part of a portfolio of 104 comp hotels. I can have someone run it and send it off to you.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And what do you think the likely outcome is for your European debt investment, which I think matures this month?
W. Edward Walter: Well, that's a great question. That is still in play right now. I think -- the way I -- probably, the only right way to answer that at this point is to say we continue to feel very comfortable about the value of our investment relative to the value of the underlying portfolio. Certainly, the folks that own that portfolio have been actively looking to sell it. And I think it will be interesting to see what plays out over the course of the next 60 to 120 days.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Are those assets that you would feel comfortable owning in the JV?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, they are, Josh. We think it's a -- we actually think it's a very good portfolio. You've got one of the best group hotels in Paris included in there. You've got a very good corporate transient hotel in the middle of the La Dfense part of Paris, which is really their version of an edge city outside of Paris where a lot of their major corporations are based. There's a wonderful Renaissance in downtown Paris. As I mention that, now there's smiles around the table because everybody that's seen that hotel likes it. And then the other larger hotel that's part of that portfolio is a Renaissance in Amsterdam, which has just been completely renovated in the last couple of years. It's in a great spot in Central Amsterdam. So this is a portfolio that we had under contract in the past. And we ended up not buying it for a variety of reasons back in '08. But we liked it then and it's a portfolio that, if it worked out that way, we'd be happy to own it today.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you give us a sense for what kind of evaluation you're in at? Maybe what your last dollar debt is per room?
W. Edward Walter: I don't think we've disclosed that, Josh, and so I'm not going to do that here. Sorry.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And for the Vornado transaction, can you give us a sense for how the retail space is being valued? Maybe what sort of cap rate or EBITDA multiple is being used to price the sale auction?
W. Edward Walter: I think that, too, is -- we've agreed to certain levels of confidentiality, at least initially with Vornado. So it's a somewhat complex mechanism for how the valuation would be calculated at the time that either they would call the interest or we would put it to them. But so I can't get into more detail. I wish I could. But I think part of what we were trying to convey with the comments at -- my prepared comments is that we are very excited about both that transaction and moving forward with the timeshare in Hawaii. That is valued that, for all intents and purposes, I don't think it's being at all recognized in the value of our company right now. But it's meaningful. And it's pretty exciting to think that the work that we've put into this over the last 18 months on each of these projects -- $0.5 billion is a lot of money or a lot of -- or $400 million to $500 million is a lot of money to add to the value of a company.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss what we thought were very good third quarter results with you. We look forward to talking with you in February to discuss both our year-end results and give you much more detailed insights into 2013. Have a great day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation today.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Fund Management W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ryan Meliker - McNicoll, Lewis & Vlak LLC, Research Division Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts Incorporated Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Conference Call. Just a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Now for opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn the conference over to your Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory J. Larson: Well, thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts Second Quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and on our website at hosthotels.com. With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gee Lingberg, our Vice President of Investor Relations. This morning, Ed Walter will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then we'll describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2012. Larry Harvey will then provide greater detail on our second quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Well, we are pleased to report another solid quarter of operating results, which were driven by substantial improvements in group demand and average rate growth. Strong F&B and other revenue growth, combined with improved flow-through, led to earnings results that exceeded consensus estimates. In addition, we just completed the acquisition of a great hotel and have taken advantage of our largely unsecured asset base to arrange a very attractively priced term loan, which Larry will talk about during his commentary. First, let's review our results for the quarter. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the second quarter increased 6.1%, driven by an improvement in our average rate of 3.7%, combined with an occupancy increase of 1.7 percentage points. Our comparable average rate was $195 and our average occupancy was 77.6%, which exceeded our portfolio's prior peak occupancy in the second quarter of 2007, the first time we have seen this happen since the start of the 2008 downturn. For the calendar quarter, our RevPAR growth was 6.8%. Comparable hotel food and beverage revenue growth of 5.7% was driven by a strong banquet and AV revenue and contributed to overall comparable revenue growth of 5.8% for the quarter. The increase in profitable banquet activity contributed to 120 basis-point improvement in our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins for the quarter, resulting in adjusted EBITDA of $348 million, an 11% increase over prior year. Our adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.34 in the second quarter, an increase of nearly 10%. On a year-to-date basis, comparable hotel RevPAR increased 6.1%, driven by a 3.3% increase in average rate and a 1.9 percentage-point improvement in occupancy. Total year-to-date comparable revenue growth of 6%, combined with an adjusted operating profit margin setting increased 110 basis points, resulted in year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $523 million. This represented an increase of more than 14% over the prior year and generated adjusted FFO per diluted share of $0.49. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our operating results and the progress we are seeing in lodging fundamentals. The key driver of our second quarter results was the strong increase in demand in our group business, especially in the higher-priced segments. The favorable trends that we noted in group demand since Q4 of 2011 continued to accelerate in the second quarter as our overall group occupancy increased more than 5%. The demand improvement was evident in all of our group segments led by a more than 9% increase in our higher-rated association business and a 5.5% increase in our Corporate business. Overall, combining the demand improvement with the rate increase that exceeded 1.5%, resulted in improved group revenue of nearly 7%, which exceeded our transient revenue growth for the first time in over a year. As we had anticipated, one major benefit of the significant increase in group demand was our managers were able to focus on driving rate in our transient segments, which became the primary factor behind our transient revenue growth in this quarter. Rate growth in each of our major segments exceeded 5%, led by a 6% increase in our Special Corporate rate. On the demand side, as might be expected, our government transient business, which represents about 3% of overall demand, declined by less than 3%. The strong increase in group business we experienced did result in a slight decline in transient room volume as midweek availability was constrained. As a result, overall transient revenue increased slightly less than 5%. Looking at the rest of the year, we continue to be encouraged by the positive trends in group business. Group bookings in the quarter for the remainder of the year increased 9% compared to the prior year and the average rate on those bookings rose by more than 6%. Total bookings for the remainder of the year are now more than 7.5% ahead of last year's pace, and the overall rate for the third and fourth quarters has increased well over 2%, indicating revenue improvement of 10%. We're also seeing the positive booking activity extend into 2013 in both demand and rate, indicating that our group hotels are benefiting from increased business spending and should continue to perform well for the remainder of this year and next. On the investment front, as we reported this morning, we acquired the 888-room Grand Hyatt Washington, D.C. for $400 million. As you may recall, we signed an agreement last year to acquire this hotel at a higher price, however, volatility in global equity markets and economic uncertainty last fall prompted us to reevaluate our pricing. We have always believed that this hotel is a great asset with a superb location in a strong market with good long-term growth potential. While recent expressions of concerns about the D.C. market, combined with some near-term operating weakness did permit us to negotiate a price reduction, we are confident that this asset remains a very attractive investment. In the longer term, we expect the hotel will benefit greatly from the redevelopment of the old Convention Center site in downtown D.C., as well as from some synergies associated with our ownership of the Capitol Hill Hyatt Regency. On the disposition front, we have one smaller asset under contract, which is expected to close in late summer, and we are also actively marketing several additional properties which we expect to close during the fourth quarter. While the sale market is difficult to predict, the guidance I will discuss in a few minutes assumes that we complete incremental sales in the $300 million to $400 million range by year end. Turning to capital investments, we invested $50 million in redevelopment and return-on-investment capital projects in the second quarter, as we've substantially completed the rooms renovation phase of the redevelopment of the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers. We also completed the conversion of one tower to Sheraton -- in Sheraton Indianapolis into 129 apartments and have already begun leasing. It is worth noting that we are seeing great results in our 3 recently redeveloped hotels: The Chicago O'Hare Marriott, the Atlanta Perimeter Marriott and the Sheraton Indianapolis, where RevPAR is running better than 35% ahead of the pre-renovation levels. For the full year, we expect to spend approximately $165 million to $175 million on redevelopment and ROI projects. During the quarter, we completed the renovation of the rooms of the New York Helmsley Hotel as part of the conversion process of this hotel to the Westin Grand Central, and have also decided to renovate the lobby and create a new restaurant bar outlet in the front of the hotel which should be complete by early fall. We spent approximately $50 million on this and several other acquisition-related projects this quarter and now expect to spend $115 million to $125 million in total on these projects through the full year. In terms of maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $79 million in the second quarter and expect to spend $310 million to $330 million for the full year. Projects during the quarter include room renovations at the Boston Copley Place and the Westin Seattle, as well as meeting and public space renovations at the Swisstel Chicago. Now let me spend a few minutes on our outlook for the remainder of the year. As we have outlined today, we are seeing very strong demand trends especially in our group business and with low supply in our markets, industry fundamentals are expected to remain solid for the balance of the year. With that in mind, we now expect the comparable hotel RevPAR for the full year will increase between 5.5% and 7%, which reflects an increase on the low end of the range. Our year-to-date margin performance, combined with an expectation that we can continue to drive strong flow-through for the remainder of the year, gives us confidence to raise our margin guidance to an increase of 90 to 130 basis points for the full year. The combination of the margin increase and acquisition of the Grand Hyatt Washington, offset by EBITDA reductions associated with our planned asset sales, as the scope expansion of some capital projects at the Helmsley and Orlando World Center hotels, results in an increase in our adjusted EBITDA guidance to a range of $1,135,000,000 to $1,170,000,000. This operating forecast will result in adjusted FFO per share of $1.04 to $1.09. Looking at our dividend, we increased our second quarter common dividend to $0.07 per share. Dividends for the remainder of the year will depend on operating results and gains on asset sales. In summary, we are pleased with our results for the quarter and remain confident about the outlook for the remainder of this year and into 2013. Based on our booking pace and expectations for fundamentals in the business, including continued low supply growth, we believe that the growth cycle on lodging will be sustained. Thank you, and now, let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Our top-performing market was Philadelphia with a RevPAR increase of 23.7%. Occupancy improved over 13 percentage points, driven by strong group and transient demand, while rate increased more than 4%. Results for the quarter benefited from the 2011 rooms and meeting space renovations at the Downtown Marriott. Both the Marriott and the Four Seasons Philadelphia had an exceptional quarter with excellent growth in rooms and food and beverage revenues. We expect Philadelphia to be a top-performing market in the third quarter due to strong group and transient demand, which should allow us to drive pricing. RevPAR for our Chicago hotels increased by 11.1%, driven by an increase in rate of more than 7% and an improvement in occupancy of nearly 3 percentage points as both city-wide and overall group demand were excellent. The increase in group business helped drive a nearly 15% increase in food and beverage revenues. We expect our Chicago hotels to underperform our portfolio in the third quarter due to lower levels of city-wide and group demand, when compared to the third quarter of 2011. Even with the Boston Copley Marriott under renovation, our Boston hotels had a great quarter with RevPAR growth of 10% as ADR increased nearly 8% and occupancy increased 1.5 percentage points. The outperformance was driven by strong corporate group and transient business, which allowed us to shift the mix of business and benefit from rate compression. We expect our Boston hotels to have a strong third quarter. Our Atlanta hotels had a very good quarter with RevPAR up 8.3%. Occupancy improved more than 4 percentage points due to strength in city-wide association and transient demand, while ADR increased over 1%. We expect our Atlanta hotels to underperform our portfolio in the third quarter due to renovations at the Ritz-Carlton Buckhead and the Four Seasons. Our San Francisco hotels had another strong quarter as RevPAR increased 8.2% due to an ADR improvement of over 7%. The improvement in ADR was driven by rate increases for both group and transient business. With the strong group business, F&B revenues increased over 11%. We expect our San Francisco hotels to continue to perform very well in the third quarter, as strong demand will allow us to continue to drive rate. RevPAR for our New York hotels increased 4.8% due to growth in ADR. Results were negatively impacted by the second and final stage of the rooms renovations at the New York Marriott Marquis and the Sheraton New York, and a room's renovation at the W Union Square. The renovations at the Marquis included the addition of 8 new rooms at a cost of under $300,000 per key. Unfortunately, we had to shut down the whole floor in order to finish the construction, which affected occupancy at the hotel. We expect our New York hotels to perform better in the third quarter. Our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels struggled in the quarter as RevPAR declined 20 basis points. Average rate increased over 3%, while occupancy declined nearly 3 percentage points. The weakness was due to less transient and group demand. We expect our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels to perform better in the third quarter due to better group bookings. Year-to-date, Philadelphia has been our best-performing market with a RevPAR increase of 26.5%, followed by Chicago with a RevPAR increase of 13.5%, and Los Angeles with a 10.6% increase. Our worst-performing market has been San Antonio, with a RevPAR decrease of 4.6%. Our European joint venture operating results continued to exceed our expectations. Excluding the Sheraton Roma, which is under a major renovation, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 2.8% for the quarter. EBITDA margins improved 110 basis points, and EBITDA was up 6%. The JV has high quality assets, and average rate for the portfolio was EUR 194 in the quarter. As we previously discussed, inbound travel to the eurozone from the U.S., U.K., Asia and the Middle East continues to be strong, and is a major source of euro-lodging demand. The Hotel Arts Barcelona, the Sheraton Warsaw and the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam, all had strong RevPAR increases for the quarter, while our Brussels and Madrid hotels struggled. Year-to-date, excluding the Sheraton Roma, pro forma RevPAR in constant euros is up 3.3% and EBITDA margins increased 160 basis points, while EBITDA was up 10.4%. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 120 basis points. Margins for the quarter benefited from better productivity as wages and benefits on a per occupied room basis were up only 1.1%. Food and beverage revenues were up 5.7% and F&B profits were up over 9%, leading to an F&B flow-through of more than 47%. We continue to see improvements in catering, meeting room rental and audio-visual revenues, as well as reductions in food and beverage cost as a percentage of revenue. General and administrative, sales and marketing, and repairs and maintenance increased 3.5%, primarily driven by expenses that are variable with revenues, including credit card commissions, guest reward programs, and cluster and shared service allocations. Utility costs were down 3.5%, and property taxes increased 6.6% while property insurance increased roughly 14%. Looking through the rest of 2012, we expect that comparable hotel RevPAR will be driven more by both occupancy and rate growth, but rate growth should be increasingly more important throughout the year. The additional rate growth should lead the solid rooms flow-through even with growth in wage and benefit cost. We expect the positive trends in group demand to continue, which should help drive growth in banquet and audio-visual revenues and good F&B flow-through. We expect unallocated cost to increase more than inflation, particularly for sales and marketing where higher revenues will increase cost. We also expect utilities to decline slightly for the full year. We have some good news on both property insurance and property taxes. Substantially, all of our property insurance renewed on June 1. We were expecting an increase in excess of 15% for our insurance, particularly given our wind and earthquake exposure and the rate increases we were seeing earlier this year in the market. We took advantage of some new capacity added to the market and were able to achieve an increase of approximately 7%. We expected a property tax increase of roughly 8% to 9% this year. At this point, we expect an increase in the 6% area as we have been successful in reducing some of the assessments. The majority of these items -- benefit from these items will be realized in the second half of the year and has been reflected in our margin guidance. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 90 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range, and increase 130 basis points at the high end of the range. During the quarter, we utilized proceeds from our debt offerings with a weighted average interest rate of 5.3%, to repay $1 billion of debt with a weighted average interest rate of 6.8%. In the third quarter, we received commitments from a number of banks and expect to raise $400 million through a credit facility term loan. Based on our current leverage level, the term loan will bear interest at LIBOR plus 180 basis points for an approximate 2.1% all-in interest rate today. We are evaluating whether to enter into a swap that will fix LIBOR for the 5-year term of the loan. We expect the term loan to close by the end of July, and we will use the proceeds to repay debt. Taking into consideration the acquisition of the Hyatt D.C. and the expected term loan, and the related use of proceeds from the term loan to repay approximately $400 million of debt, our outstanding debt will increase approximately $100 million to roughly $5.3 billion. We will have approximately $760 million of capacity on our credit facility and approximately $150 million of cash and cash equivalents. During the second quarter, we issued approximately 3.1 million shares of common stock at an average price of $15.75 per share for net proceeds of approximately $48 million through our ATM Program. Consistent with our philosophy, our willingness to issue equity depends on our stock price and the visibility around acquisition opportunities. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first today to Eli Hackel with Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions. First, can you just talk about to what extent rate growth or RevPAR growth was held back by lower-priced groups and pre-negotiated Corporates that had last room availability? I don't know if there's a way to quantify this, but any color there and maybe what you're doing with your managers to help maybe expedite the process of getting rid of some of those groups, where maybe you could get a higher price on a rack rate? And then second, just on the guidance, can you just help us with the gives and takes, how much is coming in, and maybe some of the cap rate or multiple paid on the D.C. asset, then how much EBITDA is -- do you expect to go out the door due to the sold assets that you've talked about?
W. Edward Walter: Okay. Let's -- so let's start with the issue about the lower-priced group, and the Special Corporate. It is, as you guessed, it is fairly difficult to get a precise handle on either of those, but especially the impact of the Special Corporate pricing. But here's what I would probably say. If we look at our group business in '12, I think we've previously estimated that maybe a quarter or so of that was booked during a period of time when pricing was weaker and when the business was softer. So as we keep working our way through '12 and into '13, we'll continue to find, because of the nature of how we book group in our hotels and because the number of them are larger hotels that book business significantly in advance, we'll continue to find that we have booked business during slightly slower times simply because we're now in the third year of a recovery. But I would imagine that as we work our way through this year and into next, there will be very little of the business that we've booked, to say back in the '09 time period, that's left on our books. And I dont -- it is to some degree, inhibiting rate growth, but I guess I'll probably slip it around and go back to some comments that I made in my prepared remarks, which were that, while overall growth in the group area, was I think roughly around 1.5% to 2%, the reality is, is that the bookings that we're getting -- that we got in the last quarter for the third and fourth quarter this year were closer to up 7%, which I think sends a good signal for where group bookings are going on a going-forward basis. Now on the Special Corporate side, what I think you're referring to is the fact that a number of the -- on the transient side, a number of our Special Corporate accounts have what's called last room availability, which means that if there is a room available in a hotel of the type that they're entitled to, that even though we may be able to sell that to another customer at a higher price, they are entitled to get that room for the contract that they've agreed to -- that we've agreed with them on, if the room is available. And since Special Corporate pricing tends to be somewhat below our rack rate pricing, the reality is that did -- I think our sense is in the second quarter because of the high occupancy we ran at so many hotels, especially during the midweek, that did hold pricing back a little bit. At the end of the day, we were very pleased to see the growth in occupancy. That ultimately does allow us to push rate and we were doing that. You could see that at the overall rate growth that we saw on the transient side. There's not a lot that we can do in the near term, relative to the contracts that we've negotiated for 2012, but on the other hand, I think as you look to what that means for 2013, I suspect that our strategy, certainly at those hotels running high occupancies, will begin to change. We will certainly be pushing for higher pricing next year to reflect the more competitive market conditions. I also think that it's reasonable to assume that if trends hold the way they are now, we would probably do a little bit less in Special Corporate than we -- or have fewer Special Corporate accounts next year, or at least fewer Special Corporate accounts with last room availability, because we will be recognizing the fact that number one, we've got more group business on the books. We have a higher occupancy, and we really ultimately would like to be able to push even more of our business into those more highly rated Corporate and Premium categories. With respect to the guidance, I don't think that I really want to break it down into the different segments. I guess I would just say is at the end of the day, we made the decision to move forward with a comprehensive pool renovation including adding a small water park as part of our Orlando Hotel, and that combined with some other activity regarding faade improvements and other things, I mean, once we decide to step into the pool renovation area, we've decided to accelerate a lot of other activity at the hotel including the renovation of 2 of our food and beverage outlets. And the net effect of that, plus the decision to add what I think is going to turn into a great bar restaurant at the Helmsley, which was not part of our original game plan but represents an opportunity to not only add a very profitable outlet, but also gives us the ability to take the existing restaurant and turn that into meeting space, those changes I think, are going to be really positive for both of those hotels, but they did result in some reduction in EBITDA in the current year. We obviously hope that it results in much stronger EBITDA going forward.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then -- just on the cap rate for the Hyatt, I think you said probably less than 14x when you were going to buy it late last year. I don't know if there's an updated number.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I would say that based on the last 12 months, EBITDA, we're right in the mid-13 range on our acquisition price.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Ed, I think you touched about it -- touched on it in your answer to the last question, but can you just talk about how tight were the terms of these new group contracts relative to a few years ago with respect to either cancellation provisions or attrition or commitments? And then I have a follow-up.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, Joe, I think from a trend perspective, what I would tell you is where as a couple of years ago, we were finding it almost impossible to get really good attrition clauses. What I'm hearing in general is that while the course varies by hotel, we are starting to see an ability to negotiate better cancellation penalties, better attrition clauses and overall, better contracts. But as you can guess, it depends a lot on the hotels. So markets where occupancies have fully recovered, and it's becoming really the, I'd say, the balance of power shifted a bit back towards the hotel. You see better contracts and in other markets, they might still be struggling to recover a little bit or have in these periods, you don't see quite as much. But I think what we're seeing this year is ultimately a slight increase in attrition and cancellation fees on the year-to-date basis, compared to what we had last year, and I think that's a sign of the fact that we've been able to negotiate slightly better clauses in recently, compared to where we were a year or 2 ago. I also think here part of that too, is the fact that the business that was being booked in the end of '10 and in the beginning of '11, which tended to be very, very short term in nature, although I would still -- meaning that people have been booked, unless they're absolutely certain they were going to have the event. Now I think what you're seeing is while they're certainly is business being booked on a short-term basis, my sense is that just looking at how the bookings are playing out, we are seeing more people, more companies booking a little bit further in advance, and that's one of the reasons why you're seeing our booking pace show sort of the positive year-over-year comparisons that we've been describing.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So much of your anticipated full year 2012 group is on the books right now?
W. Edward Walter: I think if you -- my guess is it's slightly north of 90%. Not -- maybe 90%, 91%, something like that. And that obviously depends a little bit on what happens in the fourth quarter bookings. But I think one thing that people should expect, is that given the strength that we have at this point for the rest of the year, we would expect to see incremental business booked. That's obvious, or implicit in my comments that 90% of it is on the books. But I suspect that on a relative year-over-year basis, we may not book quite as many rooms as we did last year only because we're so far ahead of where we were last year. Just to be clear, I mean, just to be clear, there -- sometimes these areas get confusing. We certainly expect that by the end of the year, our group business will be up significantly compared to last year.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it, and then would you expect the RevPAR growth rate in the fourth quarter to exceed the year-over-year growth rate in RevPAR in the third quarter? I know you don't provide quarterly guidance, but just directionally?
W. Edward Walter: I don't know that we necessarily see a big difference in trends between the quarters right now.
Operator: We'll go next to David Loeb with Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A little bit of refraining on the guidance. I hear you add about the trade-offs in the guidance, particularly from the renovation projects in New York and Orlando, but is there -- absent that, is there any change in the guidance for the same-store portfolio? Or is the rest of the change in the guidance related to acquisitions and dispositions?
W. Edward Walter: Now I'd say that I think it really is all caught up in the notion that there was -- well, there is a benefit in the same-store portfolio from the standpoint that the margin improvement is higher than what we've previously talked about. So we are definitely anticipating a pickup there. It's just that when you look at what I guess I might describe as the non-comp assets, there are some reduction in there because of some of the capital projects we spoke about, and then we also have some changes happening because of the EBITDA associated with assets that we expect to sell. Now that obviously could play out a little bit differently than what we've anticipated in the numbers that we have. You never know exactly how quickly an asset is going to sell. And once we put it on the market, we would obviously like to see that happen sooner than later, but there is some variability in the way those would play out. But I don't think at the end of the day, that either -- that has a material effect on the answer here.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, and related to that, I wanted to ask about dispositions and acquisition outlook. In dispositions, you've put a very specific number, including one hotel, but are there other specific ones, including perhaps some of the ones that you have listed that you expect will close by the end of the year?
W. Edward Walter: We certainly do expect that some of the -- a number of the hotels that we are marketing today will close at the end of the year -- by the end of the year. Only one of the hotels that we have been marketing in 2012 met the standard to be excluded from our comp set and be treated as a held-for-sale asset. So that was -- none of the others are anywhere near as far along as that. A lot of our marketing of hotels that we're counting on in selling in the fourth quarter began in the beginning of the second quarter. So we're well into the sale process, and I think have some reasonable level of confidence that we will transact, but we're certainly not in a position to make any announcements relative to which of those hotels will sell. I'd say we've tried to -- in the estimates that we've provided about incremental sales, we haven't assumed that everything that we have on the market will sell certainly. We've tried to make a guess that some reasonable number of the ones that are marketing, that those would close by year end.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that makes sense. And how about on the acquisition side, are you seeing more deal flow these days, and how interesting is the stuff you're seeing?
W. Edward Walter: I would say that is the number of folks we've talked about over maybe the last 60 days. Earlier in the year, there was an anticipation that the second half of 2012 would be somewhat like the first half of 2011, meaning a very high level of activity. I'd say expectations have moderated a bit. But clearly, we're seeing more activity, more opportunity right now than we did in the beginning of the year, and I think that doesn't surprise me in some ways that would happen. I think conditions are better. So we didn't try to predict the number of acquisitions that we would get done, but we certainly still are looking to be active. And I would still say that at the end of the day, for the full year, it is our intent to be a net acquirer as opposed to a net seller in 2012. Now obviously, with the deal we just completed and announced this morning, we've got a good head start on that. So I'm not saying we're necessarily going to buy as much as we're going to sell in the rest of the year, but we do for the full year, intend to be a net acquirer if at all possible.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Meliker with MLV and Company.
Ryan Meliker - McNicoll, Lewis & Vlak LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on margins and expectations for margins. You guys obviously have exceeded your initial expectation of the year. I think you initially guided us, 25 to 75 bps margin of comp property margin expansion back in February, and you're up at a -- approximately 110 bps year-to-date. You've now raised guidance up, where the low end is now above what was the high end just 4 months ago, or 5 months ago. I'm wondering if you can give us some color on what's leading that margin expansion ahead of your expectations, and if we can continue to see more of that? Or if you think your current guidance is where things will likely end up?
W. Edward Walter: Well, we wouldn't modify our guidance. That's we already have up. It's what we gave you, so it's included therein. We saw really strong F&B revenues. They were up 5.7% in the quarter. Flow-through was very strong, as I talked about, up over 47%. We also saw a really nice ADR growth. So we had a really good rooms flow through as well. Then you throw in the property insurance and taxes, better loans, another 15 basis points. So I think it's a combination of all of those things, not to mention, I should also add, utilities were down. We were expecting utilities to be up about 2.5% in the quarter, and they were up -- they were down 3.5%. And so at this point, on a full year basis, we were looking at utilities when we gave guidance before, up about 1% to 2%. Now we think they're going to be down slightly.
Ryan Meliker - McNicoll, Lewis & Vlak LLC, Research Division: Okay, so it sounds like it's really F&B, ADR growth, property taxes, insurance and utilities. And does your current guidance assume that we're going to see similar trends to what we've seen over the first half of the year, or any the moderation in those trends?
W. Edward Walter: No, I'd say that we're generally expecting that what we saw in the first half will carry through into the second half.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Attie with Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the Hyatt acquisition, it seems like the EBITDA stream is probably close to where it was in 2007 and you have new supply coming into the market in 2014. Where do you see the upside in the value of that asset coming from, and what level of return do you expect to achieve?
W. Edward Walter: Well, Josh, I think we -- I think you're right in saying that the Washington market in general is closer to its prior peak than some of the other markets or a number of the other markets across the U.S. This asset is not quite at its prior peak. It's probably I'd end up with. My guess is it's about 8% to 9%, 8% to 10% below its prior peak to EBITDA. So as we look at this hotel though, I think that the real opportunity that comes from owning this hotel, comes from its location within D.C. And honestly, what we see is the long-term prospects for the D.C. market. Washington's been talked a lot about the last couple of years as a weaker market, and I think a number of us that are invested in the market have highlighted the fact that part of the problem has been issues -- Washington didnt fall as far as some other markets consequently didn't necessarily have as much easy ground to recover, and then there's been some issues that I think are somewhat unique to the current period, dealing with a weaker convention calendar and an absence of activity on Capitol Hill that have resulted in less transient demand in Washington than we would normally expect to see. As we look further out in Washington, thinking more broadly about the market, we think Washington is going to continue to be a very attractive market for convention business. And as it -- with the new hotel coming online in 2014, it will only help facilitate the strength of Washington, the convention market. And if you look at the bookings out more into the, say the 2015, 2016 level, we're seeing a certainly, a definite increase in bookings in those years, especially in 2016. That confirms the fact that Washington should be on a long-term basis, a very active convention market. I don't think that the current gridlock on Capitol Hill can continue forever. And so it would seem to me that -- and it would surprise me if it did start to happen in '13. If we didn't start to see an accelerated level of legislative activity, which will certainly lead to an accelerated level of lodging -- of demand for lodging from lobbyists, that will be helpful and adds some strength into the Washington market. So then I think adding -- besides the fact that we generally feel very good about the long term for the Washington market, the last thing I would add is how the location of the Grand Hyatt in Washington is right in what's really becoming the heart of the city. It's immediately opposite what was the old Convention Center site, which the old Convention Center was demolished once the new Convention Center was built in earlier this past decade. And now, it's being redeveloped into 1 million square feet of office and over 300,000 square feet of retail, as well as a couple of different condo projects. And I think there's a real expectation that, that's going to provide a focal point for that part of downtown. We should benefit from that. And I think the location of this hotel is only getting better, and it has had a good track record over the last decade or 2. From our perspective, that can only improve over the next decade or 2.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. When you look broadly at the acquisition market, this asset and other things that you see, where do you think we are in the asset appreciation cycle? And related to that, going forward, do you think you'll be a net buyer or a net seller?
W. Edward Walter: A lot of that -- I guess the answer to the first question, I think that the cycle is ultimately driven by how quickly this new supply start to overtake demand in the various markets in which we and others invest. And certainly, as you look at the projections for supply and well this year, it's pretty obvious, but as you look at the projections for supply in '13 and '14, they are relatively low. So I think as long as we continue to see low levels of new supply, with then -- and we have a growing economy, then we should continue to see demand exceed supply, which I think creates an opportunity for appreciation in the value of hotels. What was the second part of your question there, Josh?
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You think you'll be a net buyer or a net seller over next 12 months?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, as it relates -- yes, certainly in the near term, we're very confident we'd like to be a net acquirer. I think the answer around that question depends upon where pricing goes. And so, we'll continue to evaluate assets the same way we always have, which is to look at our long-term cash flow for the asset and look to see if we believe, under what we think are conservative assumptions, we can generate a return on that asset that would exceed our cost of capital. Now I don't know exactly how this cycle will play out, but I do know that in the last cycle, what ended up happening in 2006 and 2007, is we started to see pricing that just was so strong, that under the assumptions under which we were comfortable underwriting assets, we've started to find that we just weren't competitive as the buyer. Not because we didn't have a low cost of capital, but I think others were just being very aggressive. And consequently, we made a decision at that point that we were better off being a seller than a buyer. I clearly anticipate that we will find the same sort of dynamic happen at some point in this cycle. I don't see any real signs of it yet, so I suspect that even as we look at '13, we would still be active on the acquisition front, but it's hard to predict beyond that right now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Sullivan with Cowen & Company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of other small points on the expenses, and thank you for the detail in terms of what's in the guidance, but I didn't hear, maybe I missed it, but what's the outlook in terms of wages and benefits for the balance of this year? And the second point in this respect, to what extent is food price inflation something that you're thinking about or should be concerned about for the balance of the year or into 2013?
W. Edward Walter: Jim, I'm going to have you come back to that second question because I missed part of that, but I think what we're finding on wages and benefits right now is that we're probably looking at our overall wages and benefits, kind of increasing somewhere a little bit north of 3% over the last quarter. The interesting thing is that on a -- what we tend to look at even more carefully, is how we're doing on a per occupied room basis. And at that level, the increase is much smaller, really closer to around 1, which is reflecting, I think both the fact that we've had some increase in occupancy, as well as the fact that we've been doing a good job about trying to look at ways to be more efficient in the way the hotels are run. If I were to think about where wages and benefits are going to go for the rest of the year, I suspect that the increases in the second half of the year would be slightly north of 3%. That seems to be the trend rate. And my guess is that we'd see, kind of again looking at it on a per occupied room basis, it would be roughly similar to what we've recently experienced. There's certainly no reason that I can see right now why there'd be a major swing in those numbers in the near term. Now your second question dealt with longer-term inflations?
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Food -- the food price inflation. Obviously conditions are getting difficult. We're seeing some significant increases in coolant prices and others, and people are talking about the food price inflation becoming a factor maybe toward the end of this year. And I just wonder to what extent thats something that you think about, the operators' forecast and how you've coped with that, and is that an issue that could present some margin pressure in 2013?
W. Edward Walter: First I'd say, Jim, so far on food cost, I mean, we've done very well. We actually had a benefit of 20 basis points as a percentage of revenue in the quarter. A lot of the things over time since 2008, we focused a lot on working with the operators on menu management, making sure of good profits, making sure they're focused in using the vendor and some of the services to get the cheapest pricing. Right now, we had -- banquet and AV revenues were up 6.8% in the quarter. So we've been pushing through price -- some price increases there, and overall the menu management has been good. Clearly, when you see the cornfields out in the Midwest, there is some concern around that, but we haven't seen that inflation at the properties.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, Ed, this is really a question for you. If you could touch on how you're thinking about capital allocation internationally? You made some announcements regarding Latin America obviously recently. You've made some positive comments about the resiliency in Europe, particularly in Northern Europe. And I'm just curious how you're thinking about allocating your capital internationally, given everything that's happening, and your appetite for more new build in markets like South America as well as India.
W. Edward Walter: I guess what I would say is that consistent with what you've seen so far this cycle, we still expect that the bulk of the investment that we do will end up in the U.S. Having said that though, I think you did touch on a couple of different places around the world where we are interested in investing more. Europe, as Larry talked about our results in Europe during his comments, and we've been pleasantly surprised by how well Europe has held up despite the turmoil and the debt markets over there, especially the sovereign debt market. And we continue to be interested in investing over there. I think most people know, we invested through a joint venture, with 2 fairly sophisticated investors: One is the government of Singapore, Government Investment Corp. out of Singapore, and the other is APG, the big Dutch pension fund. And as we discuss with them about how to pursue opportunities in Europe, the conclusion that we've collectively reached at this point is that we would be interested in pursuing opportunities in what I would loosely describe as Northern Europe, and I probably focused that more directly on, say London, Paris, and certain other markets in Germany. Both because those are markets that we think will do better from an economic perspective, and certainly from a lodging perspective, but also there are markets that attract a fair amount of leisure customers, which I think helps provide a base for those markets if the economic situation in Europe were to weaken even further. But generally, I don't think we would -- because those are the markets we would look at there. As we look at Brazil, you're right that we'd recently announced the joint venture to develop -- rather an acquisition to buy a completion, in Novotel and in ibis that are being built in Rio de Janeiro. As we look at Brazil, which is really our only focus market in Latin America, we would like to buy existing full-service there because we still feel very good about the overall opportunity in Brazil, and on a select-service side, we think that matches up well with the, sort of emerging wealth that's happening within the country of Brazil, to think that as that country -- as the middle class in Brazil grows larger, they probably aren't going to be staying at the higher-end hotels, but select-service hotels are appropriately positioned to capture that traveler. So I think we could see some incremental investment in some other select-service hotels in the couple of the major markets within Brazil. Nothing necessarily imminent, but we are looking at some opportunities there. In the other markets I haven't touched on, is Asia. And there, we're really focusing our efforts right now primarily in Australia, which I think would generally be existing hotels. Although there's always the possibility in a market that's as tight as Australia, for a new build opportunity. And then we're looking at Singapore and Hong Kong. But I think all of those -- we've tried to -- I'd say in some degree, as we've looked at Asia, we are refining the markets that we're focusing on there a bit, taking -- recognizing that some of the emerging markets certainly would put China at the top of this list, have seen an incredible amount of new supply. Now while that certainly there's a lot of growth in the lodging industry in a market like China, we're not necessarily certain there's an opportunity for a lodging owner to make a lot of money there.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And are there any interest in India?
W. Edward Walter: We have a JV that is building 7 hotels in India, and I'd say that at this point in time, we are watching how that process proceeds and continue to get more and more familiar with the India market. The new supply in India is picking up a bit. It's certainly nowhere near at the level of what we've seen in China, but I'd say right now, we have a cautious outlook on India and are trying to really get a better handle on that as we watch what happens with the hotels that we're completing there.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then a final comment for me. As you think about dividend and the capital spending, can just remind us what your objectives are regarding your balance sheet metrics? Where would you like to be, 1 to 2 years out, in terms of those metrics?
W. Edward Walter: We've concluded that ultimately, we'd like to see become a lower leverage company than where we were at the peak of the last cycle. In part, because we think that will just drive a lower cost of capital, and also in part because we think that's probably just overall safer structure for our company. If we were to try to put that into a debt-to-EBITDA metric, that would suggest to us that we should target to be at or below a 3x debt-to-EBITDA multiple.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Keeping in mind that your exposure to Europe is fairly limited, I am interested in your point of view on whether or not RevPAR in the second half of 2012 is going to be better or worse, or about the same as the first half?
W. Edward Walter: Harry, that's a great question, and I -- but I think the short answer to that is that we generally would expect it to be in line with what we've seen in the first half of the year. The group bookings in Europe this year have been quite strong. Some of that, admittedly in London, is driven by the Olympics. But the Olympics don't drive -- our portfolio is pretty well diversified across all of Europe, and the reality is that we're seeing relatively good group activity throughout Europe. One of the -- I think in some markets, and I'm thinking of Barcelona when I say this, I think Barcelona is actually benefiting from some increased travel from the U.S. over to Barcelona. I suspect that the favorable trends from the U.S. perspective on the euro, meaning that the euro's gone down, which makes having a meeting or an event in Europe is a little bit cheaper, are probably helping us a little bit on that front. But I think that we keep looking for themes there and trends and trying to track, to try to anticipate which direction Europe is going. And as I think we just talked about on the prior calls, we took a fairly conservative approach to Europe when we thought about how it should fit within our numbers and how it -- what we would anticipate there in the beginning of the year. And the reality is, as you know if you look at year-to-date, in London and Paris, have been in the -- have seen RevPAR growth in the upper single digits and Barcelona has been right there next to them. The one market that's underperformed year-to-date has really been Brussels, but we have a sense that, that will do a little bit better in the second half of the year. So when you work all the way through it, I suspect we'll see some ups and downs through these different markets because that's been the track record for the first half of the year, but at the end of the day, we would continue to expect to see this sort of 3% to 4% RevPAR growth for the full year that we've experienced for the first half.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, so Barcelona is probably up because of executives from Las Vegas traveling there. Let's see, second question is, with respect to your renovations, when you look into 2013, are there any major renovations that you have on the docket right now? What I'm trying to get a sense of is when are most of the major renovations behind you, and when might they be a tailwind to helping your RevPAR?
W. Edward Walter: We're about to, in the next couple of weeks, to start to review our capital plan for 2013. So I guess the way -- the short answer is, I don't think we have any major renovations of the scale of, say, the Chicago O'Hare Marriott or the Atlanta Perimeter Hotel that are on the books today. But I wouldn't be surprised if there are 1 or 2 hotels that didn't ultimately creep into our capital plan as we see some opportunities, to make some material changes in some hotels in an effort to improve their performance. But I think in that category, they would tend to be smaller hotels and probably wouldn't have the impact that you're imagining. In terms of the broader driver behind your question, we feel like we're generally fairly caught up in capital projects, and so we certainly don't feel like we're looking at a deficit in the portfolio. I don't envision that we have any amount of where right now, of any Philadelphia Marriott projects where you're spending $60 million on a hotel, and it really has a disruptive effect on your operations. Well, the same thing, that result, that these larger projects that we've been in the midst of up in the Sheraton in New York. So I suspect at the end of the day, there should be a little less drag but to be perfectly honest here, we're probably about a month early for me to intelligently answer that question because that's what we're about to figure out coming up here soon.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And as a practical matter, do you expect just a renovation piece of it? And it's hard to distinguish between the -- between renovation and maintenance CapEx, but strictly on the renovation side, would we expect a spend of under $100 million next year?
W. Edward Walter: At the risk of rather trying to answer that and turning out to be wrong, I think it would just -- it will -- more to come on that as we get in probably at our third quarter call, we might have a little bit more insight on that.
Operator: We'll go next to Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but just in terms of some of your spend and as it relates to your asset sales, with the strategy right now, are you getting any push back on stuff that maybe hasn't been updated that you may be looking to sell? Is the strategy now maybe to address some of those up prior to selling, or how are you thinking about that?
W. Edward Walter: That's a great question, and we think about that very specifically as it relates to each asset that we sell. And so we've tried to be thoughtful as we look out and think about what hotels are coming on the market to try it with -- our capital plan tends to take into account either those sorts of investments that we think would add value to the hotel, so that we can get the value when we sell. We also tend to look at those sorts of -- this doesn't come up as often, but if there is a more complicated capital project that we think -- well, it may not add to value as one of these sorts of projects where the buyer might ding us more because it wasn't done. Think of a facade or a roof when you're looking and thinking of an example that whether there maybe a variety of ways to approach it. We've typically been addressing those sorts of projects to make certain that we don't end up creating a reason why a buyer might be able to offset the price for a capital improvement. So what it comes down to is, each individual asset gets a capital plan that takes into account the fact that we have a general idea about when we'd like to sell that asset and then we will complete that in advance. I think part of the -- and the way you approach these things can vary a bit. But in certain areas like with the rooms renovation, it maybe that you ultimately realize the buyer really is going -- especially in a hotel where the management may change, in a lot of hotels we sell, there is an opportunity for a new operator to come into the hotel, you may not want to necessarily do a rooms renovation because it may be clear that the buyer will want to control that, and will want to reach their own conclusions about how much of a renovation to do and how to approach it. So there's a lot of different factors that go into it, but ultimately, we try to tailor the program to the asset and the opportunity.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On the disposition front, you've touched on, a little bit I guess in the near term, Ed, but when you look at your portfolio, I think you guys have about 15,000 rooms in airport and suburban locations, and RevPAR there is about, I think $100 a night, which is I think about 35% lower than your urban and resort hotels. How do you think about those less productive assets over the long term? Because it strikes me that relieving yourself of those hotels where ongoing capital investment is arguably a larger percentage of your profits, could be a catalyst to host cash flow growth longer term?
W. Edward Walter: Jeff, I think you're right and that ultimately, we may be speaking more broadly to the question. We do intend to be an active seller over the next 2 or 3 years, and as we -- consistent with what we've described in the past, a number of these suburban assets, both in core and non-core markets and airport locations, leaving out the ones that are sort of directly attached to the airport, those are the sorts -- those are hotels that would be high on our priority list in terms of sale -- hotels should be sold. And I think it's the combination of what you described relative to lower RevPAR, it's also the probability that there are situations that the CapEx may be a bit higher for those hotels as a percentage of revenue. It deals with our outlook in some cases about the growth prospects for those hotels, not in general but relative to the strong prospects that we might see for a number of our urban hotels. So if you go back to the last cycle, I don't remember the exact number right now, but we've sold somewhere, plus or minus around 35, 36 hotels. I don't know that we'll necessarily end up being quite that big of a seller this cycle, but we will be a very active seller if the market permits us to do that. And then we do as we've described before, intend to focus the portfolio on a smaller number of markets that will mean that we will be reducing our presence in those markets that we don't view as core going forward, and even in some of the core markets that we've identified as the market conditions permit us to, we will look to sell assets that are located in suburban locations.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just to add as another question, what do you think about, more broadly than just Host, about the opportunity for folks to convert hotels or convert buildings away from a hotel use and maybe into something like a residential or office because as I know you have one in Indianapolis. But when you look at where we are this cycle, most hotels aren't at peak profits and they trade at multiples that are kind of in line with historical averages. Whereas most, say residential assets, are at peak profits and peak multiples, and financing is cheap. So that begs the question of whether or not we could see more of that conversion activity in the industry in the next 2 to 3 years?
W. Edward Walter: Well, as an order of hotels, I'd love it if a few more of the other ones got converted into residential. I can assure you of that. I think it's hard to say how often that will happen. I mean, the part of it is, well, that we still feel that a lot of markets, the outlook, the fundamental outlook between demand and supply for hotels is very attractive. So in some ways, it probably requires some special situations like the one that we saw in Indianapolis where we just felt that the hotel as originally designed and built, was a little bit too big for the market, which is why it made sense to take one tower from the hotel and convert it to apartment. I'm sure you're right that there will be other situations like that around the country. There are always are. And a lot of times, those come about because there's a changing nature in the local market where the building exists, and so whatever the original reason why people are building a hotel or a hotel of a certain size, there's a reason to make a change. I don't know how much of the theme we will see of that, in part because in general, across the country, we're seeing improving lodging dynamics not deteriorating.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session. Mr. Harvey, I'll turn it back to you for closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Well, actually, this will be Ed Walter thanking you, but I would like to thank everybody for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results, our new acquisition, and our outlook with you. We would look forward to providing you with more insights into the rest of the year on our third quarter call in October. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Fund Management W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Greg Larson, Executive Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.  Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com.  With me on the call today is Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer; and Jeanne Lindberg, our Vice President of Investor Relations.  This morning, Ed Walter will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then we'll describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2012.  Larry Harvey will then provide greater detail on our first quarter results including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions.  And now, here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. 2012 has gotten off to a great start as demand growth has been strong in the higher-rated segments of both our group and transient business leading to a better-than-expected topline and bottom-line growth, which resulted in earnings that exceeded consensus estimates.  Our strong first quarter performance combined with the robust group booking page for the remainder of the year gives us confidence to raise our full year guidance. We feel very good about the fundamentals of the business and our outlook for the remainder of the year, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes.  So first, let's review our results for the quarter. First quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels increased 6.1% driven by an increase in occupancy of 2.1 percentage points combined with an increase in average room rate of 2.9%. The RevPAR growth when combined with an impressive 5.9% increase in food and beverage revenues, plus the extra day on the calendar in February, generated a comparable revenue increase of 6.3% for the first quarter. Continuing a trend we saw developing in the fourth quarter of last year, our banquet and audiovisual revenue grew faster than our outlet and lounge revenue, as several of our larger hotels experienced meaningful increases in banquet activity.  The strong revenue performance in both rooms and F&B operations drove a 100 basis point improvement in our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins for the quarter.  Adjusted EBITDA was $176 million, an increase of more than 22% over last year. Our first quarter adjusted FFO per diluted share was $0.14, which exceeded consensus estimates and reflected a nearly 17% increase over last year.  Overall, we are extremely pleased with our operating results and the progress we are seeing in lodging fundamentals. A key driver of our first quarter results was a solid increase in demand in the higher price segments of our group and transient business, which continues some favorable trends we have seen develop at the end of last year and should lay the foundation for improved results in the future.  Starting with our transient business, our Special Corporate and retail segment experienced demand in rate growth of more than 3.5%, leading to a combined revenue growth of better than 7%. Our discount segment saw demand growth of more than 2%, but the level of growth was restrained because of some weakness in government travel, which declined slightly.  Overall, our first quarter transient results reflected a 3.5% increase in rate and a 3% increase in demand resulting in a 6.5% increase in revenue. On the group front, 2012 is off to a strong start. While group bookings for the quarter started the quarter ahead of the prior year, we improved further as bookings in the quarter for the quarter improved by more than 6% leading to an overall increase in group room nights of nearly 4%.  The improvement was generated by a double-digit increase in association business and an increase in corporate group of more than 6%, as our discount group segment declined by over 5%. Combining the demand improvement with an average rate increase of 1.5%, resulted in increased group revenues of almost 5.5%.  Looking at the rest of the year, our outlook is even brighter. Group bookings for the remainder of the year surged by more than 13% compared to the prior year and are now approximately 7.5% ahead of last year's pace for the remaining 3 quarters and meaningfully positive in every quarter. The average rate for these bookings is up approximately 2% and our recent bookings have exceeded last year's rates by more than 8%. Both trends bode well for the future.  While transient bookings trends are obviously a more near-term indicator, our transient bookings also continue to run well ahead of last year's levels and suggest strong rate flow. The combination of these trends suggest that we should continue to see improvements in occupancy in 2012, which will ultimately drive higher rates and additional mixed shift. We are also seeing positive group booking activity extend into 2013, indicating that our group hotels, which lag during the early stages of this recovery, are now betting -- benefiting from increased business spending.  On the investment front, during the quarter, our JV in Asia acquired a 278 room to Citigate Perth for AUD $61 million and the JV will invest an incremental AUD $17 million to -- in the hotel to upgrade and rebrand the property as a Four Points by Sheraton.  Even after completion of the capital investment plan, we would expect that we would have acquired this asset for at least 15 -- a 15% discount to replacement costs. The Perth lodging market directly benefits from the significant sums being invested in Australia's natural resource industry. The market has seen RevPAR increases of nearly 9% over the last 5 years, once that occupancy levels above 80% as little projected new supply and as a result, we are very pleased to have acquired this asset.  Turning to dispositions, as we announced last month. In Q1, we sold the San Francisco Airport Marriott for $113 million. While certainly a fine property in a top market, this sale was consistent with our strategy of reducing our exposure to noncore assets located in airport markets at attractive pricing. The sale also permits us to avoid investing an incremental $15 million in capital improvements over the next couple of years. Recognizing that there has been a directive acquisition opportunities in North America, we are moving quickly to bring selected assets to the market, as we continue to look to recycle assets and improve the quality of our already outstanding portfolio. On the investment side, our pipeline is growing more active today, and we expect we will see additional assets that satisfy our criteria come to market later in the year.  Overall, we would expect to be a net buyer this year, but we intend to remain disciplined. If pricing levels move too high, we will look to take advantage by accelerating our sale activity. Given the unpredictability of the timing of these transactions, our guidance does not assume any additional acquisitions or dispositions this year beyond what we have already announced.  Turning to capital investments for the first quarter, we invested $48 million in redevelopment and return on investment capital projects, as we completed the redevelopment of the Atlanta Marriott Perimeter Center and phase 3 of our redevelopment of San Diego Marriott Marquis, which included the renovation of more than 95,000 square feet of meeting space.  We continue to find construction pricing attractive and expect these investments will yield return substantially in excess of our cost of capital. For the full year, we expect to spend approximately $150 million to $170 million.  As we mentioned last quarter, we're in the process of converting the New York Helmsley Hotel to the Westin Grand Central, where we are renovating all the guestrooms, meeting space, restaurants, as well as mechanical and faade work.  In the first quarter, we completed the first few floors of our newly renovated guestrooms at the hotel. We also completed the renovation of all the rooms at the W Union Square. We spent approximately $14 million on these and a few other acquisition-related projects this quarter and expect to spend $100 million to $110 million in total on these projects for the full year.  In terms of maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $100 million in the first quarter and expect to spend $300 million to $330 million for the full year. Projects in the quarter included room renovations at the Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island, the Pentagon City Residents Inn, and the meeting space renovation at the W New York.  Now I will spend a few minutes on our outlook for 2012. As we have outlined today, we are seeing very strong demand trends. With new supply in our markets projected to be approximately 0.5% for 2012, we expect the industry fundamentals will remain strong for the balance of the year.  Given our solid first quarter results and better-than-expected group booking activity, we have increased our comparable hotel RevPAR guidance to 5% to 7% for the year. On the margin side, even given that occupancy growth is still making a meaningful contribution to RevPAR growth, we believe we can drive incremental profitability and strong flow through. Therefore, we have adjusted -- expect an adjusted margin increase of 50 to 100 basis points resulting in adjusted EBITDA in the range of $1.120 billion to a $1.165 billion.  This operating forecast, combined with the balance sheet activity that Larry will discuss in a minute, will result in an adjusted FFO per share of $1.1 to $1.8. Looking at our dividend, we increased our first quarter common dividend to $0.06 per share. Dividends for the remainder of the year will depend on both operating results and gains on asset sales.  I am pleased to say that the lodging recovery is continuing to progress and that we are seeing significant improvements in group business, which have lead to our increase in guidance for the year.  We believe this positive cycle will gain momentum through the remainder of this year and into 2013, an increase in demand combined with projected low supply growth in our markets of roughly 0.5% in 2013 and 2014, should support a solid and sustained recovery.  So thank you, and let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Our top-performing market for the quarter was Philadelphia, with a RevPAR increase of 30.8%. Occupancy improved 15 percentage points driven by strong group and transient demand, while rate increased more than 3%.  Results for the quarter benefited from the 2011 rooms and meeting space renovations at the Downtown Marriott. RevPAR for the hotel improved over 50% for the quarter when compared to the first quarter of 2011.  We expect Philadelphia to be a top-performing market in the second quarter due to strong group demand, which should allow us to drive pricing. RevPAR for our Chicago hotels increased by 20.3% driven by an increase in occupancy of more than 8 percentage points and an improvement in average rate of over 3%, as both citywide and overall group demand were excellent.  We expect our Chicago hotels to continue to perform very well in the second quarter due to strong group and transient demand.  Our Hawaiian hotels continued their outstanding performance with a RevPAR improvement of 15.1%. Occupancy increased over 10 percentage points and average rate was up nearly 2%. The out performance was driven by strong group -- corporate group and transient business, which allowed us to shift the mix of business and benefit from rate compression.  We expect our Hawaiian properties to underperform our portfolio in the second quarter but having good second half of the year. Our Houston hotels had an excellent first quarter with RevPAR up 12.8%, ADR increased nearly 6% and occupancy improved 5 percentage points due to strength in group bookings. We expect our Houston hotels to underperform our portfolio in the second quarter due to an unfavorable comparison to the first quarter of 2011 when the city of Houston Hosted the NCAA Men's Final 4.  As expected, our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels had another great quarter with RevPAR up 11.3%. Average rate increased by over 5.5%, while occupancy improved 4.5 percentage points. Strength in higher-rated group and transient business helped to drive the ADR growth.  We expect our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels to continue to perform well in the second quarter. Our San Francisco hotels had another strong quarter as RevPAR increased 10.9% due to an ADR improvement of nearly 9% and an occupancy increase of nearly 2 percentage points. The improvement in ADR was driven by rate increases for both group and transient business.  We expect our San Francisco hotels to continue to perform well in the second quarter as strong demand will allow us to continue to drive rate. Our Los Angeles property has also had a good quarter with a RevPAR improvement of 8.5%, strong group demand that lead to an increase in occupancy of 5 percentage points, while ADR improved over 2%.  We expect our Los Angeles hotels to continue to perform well in the second quarter due to strength in both group and transient demand. RevPAR for our New York hotels increased 6.5% due to a rate improvement of 2.5% and an occupancy increase of nearly 3 percentage points.  Results were negatively impacted by the second and final stage of the rooms renovations at the New York Marriott Marquis and the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers, meeting space renovations at the W New York and a room's renovation at the W Union Square. We expect our New York hotels to have a good second quarter.  RevPAR for our Washington DC hotels was down 3.9%, as occupancy decline roughly 1.5 points and ADR decline 1.5%. Lower levels of citywide demand led to the poor performance, although, our hotels did increase their market share in the quarter.  As we previously discussed, 2012 will be a challenge in DC due to a weaker citywide calendar, government travel cutbacks and the lack of legislative activity which reduces demand. We expect the second quarter will be better but still underperform our portfolio.  Lastly, our worst-performing market for the quarter was San Antonio. RevPAR declined 8% due to a slight drop in occupancy and a decrease of ADR of over 7%. Citywide and group demand were weak. We do expect our San Antonio Hotels to perform better in the second quarter but to continue to underperform our portfolio.  Despite concerns in the European lodging market due to weak economic results and sovereign debt issues, we were presently surprised by our European joint venture operating results. Excluding the Sheraton Roma, which is under major renovation, RevPAR calculated in constant Euros increased 4.8% for the quarter. Inbound travel to the Eurozone from the U.S., U.K., Asia and the Middle East continues to be strong and is a major source of euro lodging demand. The Westin Europa & Regina in Venice, the Sheraton Warsaw, the Sheraton Skyline in London and the Pullman Paris Bercy all had double-digit RevPAR increases for the quarter.  F&B revenues were also strong with an increase of 4.5%. Lastly, our first quarter JV results only reflect January and February. RevPAR for March for the JV excluding the Sheraton Roma, was up 6.2%.  For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 100 basis points. Margins for the quarter benefited from better productivity as wages and benefits on a per occupied room basis were up only 60 basis points.  Food and beverage revenues were up 5.9% and F&B profits were up 8.3%, leading to an F&B flow through of roughly 35%. We continue to see improvements in catering, meeting room rental and audiovisual revenues. General and administrative, sales and marketing and repairs and maintenance expense increased 4.4%, primarily driven by expenses that are variable with revenues including credit card commissions, reward programs and clustered and shared service allocations.  Utility cost benefited from mild winter weather throughout most of the country and declined over 3%. Property taxes increased 3.6%, while property insurance increased nearly 15%.  Looking to the rest of 2012, we expect that RevPAR will be driven by both occupancy and rate growth, but rate growth will be increasingly more important throughout the year. The additional rate growth should lead to solid rooms flow through even with growth in wage and benefit cost.  We expect the positive trends in group demand to continue particularly in the second and fourth quarters, which had helped drive growth in banquet and audiovisual revenues and good F&B flow through. We expect on allocated costs to increase more than inflation particularly for rewards in sales and marketing where higher revenues will increase cost.  We also expect property tax to increase roughly 8% and utilities to increase between 1% and 2% for the year. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 50 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and increase 100 basis points at the high end of the range.  During the quarter, we issued $350 million of 10-year senior notes at a 5.25% rate, which is more than 60 basis points lower than any bond component in the history of the company. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, proceeds from the bond deal along with available cash were used to repay the $113 million 7.5% mortgage secured by the JW Marriott Washington DC to redeem $250 million of the 6 7/8% Series S senior notes due in 2014, and to repurchase $386 million of the 2.625% Exchangeable Senior Debentures.  In conjunction with our refinancing activities, we intend to repay the remaining series S senior notes and reduce our overall debt by an additional $150 million. As a result of these transactions, we will have lowered our debt balance from approximately $6.1 billion at the end of the first quarter to approximately $5.2 billion, which leads to cash and cash equivalents of approximately $400 million on a pro forma basis.  After these transactions, we have no 2012 debt maturities and less than $250 million of 2013 maturities. Our weighted average debt maturity will have increased from 4.5 years to 5.1 years. During the first quarter, we issued approximately 11.1 million shares of common stock at an average price of $15.67 per share for net proceeds of approximately $172 million to our ATM Program.  The first quarter issuance has completed the sales program under the 2011 agreement. As detailed in earnings press release, we recently entered into a new $400 million ATM Program with BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC and Scotiabank. Any proceeds will generally be used to invest in our portfolio and for new acquisitions including joint venture investments.  Consistent with our philosophy, our willingness to issue equity depends on our stock price and the level of acquisition opportunities.  This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Was that 13% versus 7% last year? I think if I got that right. Can you give us some sense of how much is rate versus volume and then also...
W. Edward Walter: Robin, If I could interrupt you for a second, for some reason, the first part of your question didn't come through because -- why don't you -- if you could just start over again, that would probably be -- well at least be helpful for us and probably for everyone.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was just -- I wanted to get a little more color on -- if I got your opening remarks correctly, you said group bookings up 13% versus 7% at the same time last year. And I was just looking for some color on how much of that is rate versus volume of that 13% increase. And then the other question I was going to ask is on your acquisitions spend, it looks like your budget, your planned spend on acquisition is up for the year. I wonder if you talk about kind of what's driving that? Is it just better capital availability or more compelling assets available? In another words, is that being driven by a specific transaction that you haven't firmed up yet? That kind of thing.
W. Edward Walter: I think if -- let's start with the group booking activity. What we were trying to communicate relative to the booking pace activity is that we were up significantly in the quarter for the quarter. And then if you look at the rest of the year, our room night for the rest of the year -- the number of rooms that we book for the remainder of the year, that was up 13%. So that was a room night number and not a revenue number. As we look overall for the full year, what we're seeing at this point now is that our overall booking pace for the full year is up actually about 8.5% on a revenue basis for the full year, but that is much stronger for the last 3 quarters of the year than it was for the first part. So actually, if you look at the last 3 quarters of the year, we're running and then -- on a revenue basis, we're running in the 9.5% to 10% area. That gets comprised of high 7% increase in room nights, combined with a couple of percent in rate. So hopefully that clarifies that. Now in the acquisitions --
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Actually, can I have -- if your number of room nights is up 13% on a revenue basis, up 9.5% to 10%, it seems there maybe rate...
W. Edward Walter: They're slightly different numbers. In other words, what we're saying -- another way to look at this is that our booking pace starting the year on a room night basis was probably below -- was around 5% or so. And so now, at this point, our booking pace through the full year is significantly higher. The reason why the overall booking pace on a room night and a revenue basis is higher than where it was at the beginning of the year is because we booked more rooms in the quarter for the quarter, and we booked more rooms for the remainder of the year than we did last year. The net result of that is the increases that we're seeing in Q2 through Q4 in terms of both room nights and then an improvement in rate, which ultimately leads to the improvement in revenue.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then on the acquisitions spend?
W. Edward Walter: On the acquisition side, I don't know that I would necessarily view what we express in my comments as a change. We still feel that we are early in the lodging cycle. We don't see supply increasing for a number of years back to the average level of supply, frankly. And therefore, we don't see supply getting back to the point where it exceeds demand for several more years. So from that, looking at where we sit in the lodging cycle, our sense is that this is still a good time to be a buyer of assets. Now we've also expressed that we also intend over time to continue to recycle assets from our portfolio, a lot of those proceeds would be reinvested in the assets that we would acquire. At this stage, where we stand, we would like to be a net buyer of assets and that would be our goal for this year. We haven't actually put a dollar amount on that externally in part, because it's somewhat contingent on availability and things like that.
Operator: Next up, we'll go to Bill Crow with Raymond James.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions for you. Ed, are you surprised at all at the speed of which staffing levels have return to hotel level?
W. Edward Walter: Yes and no. I mean, I guess the first thing I'd say, Bill, is I'm probably a little surprised at how quickly occupancy has recovered in the industry and certainly in our portfolio. So when I look at what's -- we've gone back and we keep comparing in our portfolio, where our staffing levels relative to '07 and '09, both at the associate level and at the manager level. And I think what I would say is that based on the numbers that we've looked at, staffing levels have come back. They've come back slower at the manager level than at the associate level, but they are still lower than where they would be kind of in relationship to the occupancy levels that we saw in '07. And on the manager side, I would say, if we cut about 20% of our managers in the downturn, I don't think we've even recovered half of the decrease. So maybe we're up 10% from where we were in '09 and taking into account a pretty significant occupancy increase from where we were in '09 to where we are right now. But I think our sense generally throughout the portfolio is that the operators have been thoughtful about how they've been adding staff back and part of that is as we look more broadly at productivity levels in our portfolio. Our productivity levels are certainly better now than they were during the prior recovery.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Discussion that maybe the second half of the year is going to be better for DC on a group basis, but now we get that the whole GSC -- GSA scandal in there. What are you seeing for DC in the second half of the year?
W. Edward Walter: Larry, do you have any thoughts on the second half? I think I know we expect it to be stronger.
Larry K. Harvey: Yes, we expect the second quarter to be better across the board and roughly for the full year. We're down 3, 9 in the quarter. We expect it to be -- I'd say flattish. So we do see some pickup.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: All right, that's helpful. And then finally for me, on the acquisition front, I know you're barraged all the time by the brokers. Are you looking at potential portfolios becoming available? CMBS-related assets that may come up in the second half of the year? What do you anticipate in from an acquisition landscape?
W. Edward Walter: It's a great question, Bill. Obviously, if somebody has a larger portfolio whether it's here or outside the U.S., we will tend to get a call on that. We don't have to necessarily focus on those types of deals, because it's more about owning the right assets than necessarily getting bigger. But there are a few portfolios that are in play right now and see whether pricing gets to a point where it make sense for us to play in those. I think if you look beyond that, there seems to be still a little bit of a pricing expectation gap between sellers who would generally be of a mind to sell and where the market is right now. I think some of that is may be expectations that were developed over the course of the first and second quarter of '11 where pricing was starting to accelerate a little bit. And folks are still sort of looking for cap rates and thinking that they apply to this year is then alive when they think about the value of their assets. And that's the explanation I get from the brokerage community who why the recovery in assets being brought to market has been a little bit slower than what might have expected given that the stock market and cost of capital recovered by the beginning of the year. I think that a lot of what -- part of the reason there seems to be a sense of confidence that the second half of the year we'll see more transaction activity is driven by the belief that there are, is debt maturing in or around the second half of the year and so that would likely drive more transaction activity. Because in general, there's always specific exceptions to this. But in general, lenders are not necessarily to pretend -- not willing to pretend and extend at this point. Values have recovered enough that lenders want activity and lenders want to be paid off. So I think there's an expectation that there'll be some acceleration of activity that flows out of that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Let's move on to Jim Sullivan with Cowen and Company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I had a question for you on the group business. You talked extensively in your prepared comments about how strong group bookings are. And I'm just curious, outside of the comments about the San Antonio asset and market, in the remainder of your large convention center hotels, have you seen a significant difference in strength between the larger group business and the smaller group business, number one, in the first quarter? And number two, as you think about those 2 businesses, that's kind of sub segments of overall group, do you expect that relative differential to continue over the balance of the year or not?
W. Edward Walter: Jim, that's an interesting question. And I know that -- I think this came up on one of the other calls maybe from a slightly different slant. If you look at how our larger hotels are doing compared to our smaller hotels, if you compare the two based on first quarter operations, broadly speaking relative to just overall revenue performance, I think what you find is that the larger -- they're both in comparison to the prior peak and roughly the same position. But the way they get there is a little bit different. The larger hotels are actually doing better on rate, but are a few point behind in terms of occupancy. And I think the reason for that is -- were the one that you were suggesting, which is that overall, the larger hotels are probably seeing -- are seeing a little bit less of their business coming from group right now than they have in the past. I think they're getting the rate, because they're well located in markets that are recovering quickly, which in part accounts the differential in rate. But they -- because we still don't -- we've not recovered close yet to our prior levels of group activity, you're just not -- you haven't quite seen the same level of group business at those larger hotels. As we look at the beginning of this year, we would see a similar result that Mariott described which is that we're seeing some heavier levels and bigger increases in the smaller hotels than we are seeing in the larger hotels. We're seeing significantly good, strong increases in both. But I think part of that comparison, you need to understand that the smaller hotels tend to book a lot of their business fairly short term. So the fact that group is coming back and coming back well in the initial stages of this, this is going to disproportionately benefit smaller -- look better, not so much benefit, but look better on a year-over-year basis for the smaller hotels, because they don't see with much group business. That same quantitative benefit when it hit the bigger hotels that already does 60% of its business on a group basis is still very meaningful. But on a comparison basis, it doesn't look quite as strong. I think as we -- part of what we're encouraged by when we look at the larger hotels is the fact the association business was better. Corporate group is better. We're hearing signs from our operators that the associations were thinking in terms of bigger events and those in days in attendance as they look out into to '13 and '14 and beyond. So I think there's a confidence in the larger groups that they're going to hold bigger events as opposed to smaller events looking outward. That will clearly benefit the larger hotels. And then coming back to my first point, when we look at the levels of -- when we look at those overall levels of occupancy, we really see a strong opportunity for those larger hotels to benefit in a material way over the next couple of years from the improving group trends.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Conclude on this point to make sure I understand it. That would suggest they do a larger assets and you have, of course, a significant chunk of those in your portfolio. It's really a lead lag time kind of issue. Then you should be looking at relatively -- good relative strength as we go forward through this recovery.
W. Edward Walter: That's certainly what we would believe.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And second question for me regard to your appetite for international acquisitions. Obviously, there's been significant amount of uncertainty regarding currency and interest rates in the European market not withstanding your assets have done fairly well there. And I'm just curious how you asses your appetite to do more European acquisitions as opposed to perhaps more acquisitions in the Asian market going forward? How we likely to see more buying in Asia than Europe?
W. Edward Walter: A lot of that will be driven by the opportunities that present themselves. I think that there are attractive -- we would be interested investing in both markets. In Europe, I don't expect though that we will see that many assets come to market unless they're driven by debt maturities. In talking with our office there and with the folks that run that office. The amount of product that's on the market in Europe right now is relatively low, and what's there is there because debt is maturing. I think we need to be cautious investing in Europe for all the obvious reasons. But I also think that we need to remember a couple of points we've talked about before. One is that Europe is a very varied place, and so we would generally feel better about the economies in Northern Europe than the ones in Southern Europe. The major cities of Europe are incredible tourist destinations. I think one of the reasons why Europe has done far better than most of the folks -- most folks would have expected is not because of some surprising pockets of economic strength in Europe itself, but rather because the rest of the world is interested in going to Europe. I think we mentioned on our prior call that we're looking at our portfolio of assets, which is reasonably diversified portfolio of hotels, over 40% of the business that we do at our hotels comes from outside of Europe and the U.K. And I think that's one of the reasons why we've done as well as we've done in the first quarter, because so much of the business is coming to us from outside of Europe. So now that it is, we would be cautious about Europe, but if we felt like -- if we like the market, we like the price, sometimes investing in periods of risk is when you get your best returns. And part of our analysis would be to look for slightly higher returns in Europe right now that we have in the past. As you look more broadly through Asia, it's really just like -- it's a very different situation country by country. As we announced today, we had purchased a property in Perth. We would certainly be interested in acquiring more in Australia. We think that's the market that even with some of the signs of slowing growth in China, that means that a little bit of reduction in China's growth outlook does not change the outlook for Australia in our minds in a meaningful way. There's a tremendous natural resource boom that's going to continue to happen there and that the acquisition of Perth is a great way to play on that.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Josh Attie with Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How much of the improvement in your group bookings would you attribute to stronger market demand versus the positive changes in Marriott Sales Force program over the last 12 months?
W. Edward Walter: Josh, I don't know that I can give a realistic answer to that. I think that they have been working through some of the bugs in the structure of Sales Force One. And I know that in talking with them -- we have regular meetings with them on this topic, they have certainly been encouraged by some of the trends that they've seen. I think it is true that if we look at our Marriott hotels, they have certainly had a strong surge in booking activity over the course of the last 6 months. So I think it's probably fair to attribute some of the improvement to them figuring that out at a better level. I also think that at the end of the day, a stronger market makes a big difference for all of us and that's the other -- that clearly is the major driver behind the improvement.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe even when you look at the first quarter, how did the Marriott portion of the portfolio performe relative to the rest of it? Did you see outperformance?
W. Edward Walter: Off the top of my head, I don't know the answer to that. And I think we tend not to try to give operator data on this call. So I probably would stay away from that answer.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. One more question. Can you update us on the European debt investment that you made? I think it's scheduled to mature in October, and do you have any sense for how that will play out?
W. Edward Walter: What I would tell you is that you're right that it matures in October. And I would also tell you that the portfolio is on the market at this point in time. As the owners look to either refinance the debt or to sell it, and we're paying close attention to what's happening with that portfolio.
Operator: Next up, we take question from Eli Hackel with Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions. Your commentary was very positive about group and transient. And which suggests at least in your commentary that maybe RevPAR will be up more than 5%. I'm just trying to get at what does the 5% take into account, and how much of that maybe would be attributable just to DC being weak throughout the year? And then just a second question on group. I think at one point, Ed, you talked about you used to make sure groups guaranteed a certain out of room spend whether be SNB or maybe audiovisual. Are you starting to make or your managers starting to make them guarantee sort of out of room spend as you continue to get more occupancy on the group side?
W. Edward Walter: I guess when you're talking about the 5%, you're sort of trying to look at the range that we've given and has some sense into how likely is it to be 5% versus some other number. Is that the point you're trying to get out there?
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I'm just trying to -- no, I mean the numbers you gave in terms of group booking pace, were high single digits in terms of transient seemed to be very, very strong. And clearly, the first quarter was strong and it seems like things are looking to get better, obviously, benefited from big Philly comparisons in the first quarter. I'm just trying to get at what would cause the deceleration. Is it DC or something else? Or is it just to take into consideration, it's still a cautious time with Europe and things like that?
W. Edward Walter: I got it now. The answer would be the second half of what you just spoke about. I mean, I think we feel good about the first -- very good about the first quarter. There is nothing that we are looking at right now that would suggest that we should see a deceleration. But we all know that there are -- just watching what's happened over the course of the last couple of years and recognizing that we are not through the sovereign debt crisis in southern Europe at this point in time, I think our sense is that it's important to just remain balance in our perspective over what's going to happen for the rest of the year. But as Larry highlighted, DC is not going to be a great market this year, but it's going -- it should start to improve. We don't expect it to be negative certainly for the rest of the year. And I -- and we're not -- I'd say generally, probably we should take comfort from the fact that if we weren't really comfortable with improving overall outlook, we would not have raised our guidance in the way that we did. Now your second question was relative on the group side?
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, on the group side. In terms of making group guarantees.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, yes, yes, okay. I don't know. We've talked about that internally, and I actually asked that question when we were speaking with our asset managers last week to just get a better feel for what was happening on that side. I think in certain markets, we are starting to get the benefit of being able to push pricing a bit around banquets and things like that. But it seems to me that we're still a little ways away from where we can really drive that improved results. Folks are showing up with a budget. The good news is they want to do the event. The bad news, if it's bad news, is that they still are showing up with a pretty defined budget that they need to stick to in order to have the event. And I think we're not quite at the point a lot of markets where we can start to say that, that budget has to go up before we can give you the meeting space. What is interesting though is, which we were not seeing last year, is a number of groups are while they may not have committed to higher spend before they get to the hotel, when the meeting planners and the senior executives or the senior folks responsible for the event get to the hotel, we are seeing some pops in activity on the food and beverage side that get determined at the very last minute. And so that has been a positive in terms of our food and beverage revenues and more often than not, we found that whatever our month out forecast is for food and beverage, we've been beating that more than listing it. And I think it is in part driven by the fact that when groups are showing up, they're comfortable that they can increase their spending.
Operator: Next up with Bank of America, we have Andrew Didora.
Andrew G. Didora - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions here. I guess, the first one is sort of a follow-up on your last commentary. It seems like your total same store revenue guidance implies F&B and other revenues will be more significantly lag room revenues than they have in the past couple of quarters. So anything specific you're seeing here in terms of the groups you have on the books for the rest of the year? And then my second question, with regards to Europe, and on the last call, you mentioned your European properties are forecasting a 3% to 5% RevPAR increase, but your guidance implied closer to flat European RevPAR. Has anything changed in your view since the last call here?
W. Edward Walter: Let me deal with your first, and I'll come back to the issue about revenue. As we had indicated in our February call, we were being fairly cautious in our approach to Europe for all the obvious reasons. We've been very happy with the results that Larry explained in terms of just how the first quarter has played out especially when you look at the calendar quarter where you get the benefit a little bit more insight into what's really going on there by including March. And when you look at those numbers, I mean the reality is that we really are seeing -- we think our overall RevPAR was above 5 and you're seeing strong food and beverage spending there, and so profit is up in a material way. Our revised forecast takes the first quarter, essentially the first quarter success into account, but recognizing that the situation there is still somewhat volatile and uncertain. We've been conservative for the rest of the year and roughly in a level where we're assuming flat performance year-over-year for Europe. I think that clearly is upside there, but we have not tried to pick that up as of yet just again, because it's hard not to have concerns about Europe when you read the paper every day. And going back to the other point, I think at the end of the day, what you should probably take out of our overall revenue numbers, we still feel pretty good about food and beverage revenue. Some of the trends relative to other revenue would probably been a bit more cautious on the other revenue side which is why when you look at the overall mix, you're seeing that revenues are down a bit from the room -- overall revenues are slightly less in where we are on room revenue. But I would tell you that more of that is happening in an area that less of a profit driver, which is the other revenue side. But food and beverage spending, we would probably estimate right now. We'll be slightly less than where room revenues are, but not a lot less.
Operator: Next up with Baird, we have David Loeb.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I had some housekeeping questions. First up, Larry, maybe for you. In the acquisition expenditure, CapEx related to acquisitions, that range went up a bit at the midpoint about $15 million. What's behind that? Are there -- the cost looking higher for the Helmsley conversion to the Westin for example?
W. Edward Walter: We've had -- budget for the Helmsley has snuck up a couple of million dollars. But the real driver behind that, this might arguably be a classification issue internally, is we've identified an opportunity at the Helmsley to change how the first floor works from a standpoint of the lobby, the bar and the restaurant. And what we're looking to do and what that budget anticipates and then getting some final numbers and actually approving it internally, is that we're going to move the whole food and beverage and bar operation into the -- what I would call the front right part of the hotel potentially either. Part of the idea will be to extend the hotel out of it into the sidewalk on 42 Street, which we think will make that a far more visible food and beverage operation. That will allow us to take what's a really nice space what I would describe as the back of the hotel that is currently our restaurant that would allow us to turn that into meeting space, which is one thing that hotel would benefit from having more of. So most of that increase really relates to the fact that, that project which a lot of ways is only happening if it hits on threshold that we're going to add that project into the mix and that's the reason for that change that you see.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And that on the order of magnitude $10 million or $12 million.
W. Edward Walter: I think it's not -- It's probably not up at that level. I think the other element -- the other part of it is just a little bit more confident. We're going to get some of these projects done this year like some of the activity at the Hyatt. The Hyatt in San Diego is part of that broader number. And some of the work that we were planning on doing there is probably going to be accelerated in terms of a spending perspective. The nature, the work isn't really changing but we think some of that work is going to get done a little bit faster. A push on our guidance to get as much of that hotel done as possible before the NAREIT of that in November this year. So they're reacting to that pressure.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just on the group side, and you've touched that from a number of different perspectives, but I guess that one perspective that I don't think I heard. Is there lower rated groups that's burning off and how much of a drag is that? And when do you start -- when do you think you'll start seeing better group rate increases because the mix is shifting towards more recent booking?
W. Edward Walter: I think we're already seeing that now. Just by virtue of the fact that some of the statistics side threw out the fact that our recent bookings are clearly up by -- are up by more than 8% percent compared to where we were last year. It's a good sign but sort of on the current basis, we're doing better. If I try to think back about it, right now, about 80% of our room nights for '12 are on the books. We probably started the year, I think, we said around 70%. We probably -- at the beginning of '11, we probably had about maybe 35% to 40% of the room nights for '12 on the books. So if you go a year further back to the year that would be relevant, at the beginning of '10, which is when the world start to get a little bit better, we probably had 20% of our room nights for '12 on the books. So I would guess that most of that business that was booked before the beginning of '10 was probably cheaper business. So maybe that means 20% of this year's room nights and some portions of the business booked in '10 would also be at lower room rate. But as you sort of think forward to '13, we'll have very little from '08 and '09 that will be on the books for '13. We'll have some obviously from '10. But hopefully gives you some feel that as we get to the end of this year and get into the beginning of next year, we should be less than -- call it 20% percent of our business would actually be still tied to a period of time where the industry were struggling.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And finally for Larry, you went through a number of markets, but you didn't mention Atlanta. Can you just give a little bit of a view of how it might have performed and what the outlook is?
Larry K. Harvey: Sure. Atlanta was actually up 4.9%, David. Very good group and citywide demand. We actually expect it even better second quarter. Got really good group and transient pace on the books and then for the rest of the year, it'll basically end up about where it was in the first quarter. So the second quarter, it should be very good. We're hopeful that the second half of the year improves on what our current forecast has, but very nice first quarter and even better second quarter.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So this sounds like it's group rotation into Atlanta. Second quarter, you're going to lap that big upper mid drop from last year, right? That should help?
Larry K. Harvey: Yes.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: But this is not really that -- it's business in Atlanta, the business climate in Atlanta or the transient business is picking up. Particularly, it's much more group driven?
Larry K. Harvey: No, no. The second quarter strength is also on the transient side. So group and transient in the second quarter.
Operator: Now we'll take a question from Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ed, if I could just build off maybe an earlier question on the call, we've seen just more consolidation activity happening at some of your peers, Red Lion, then maybe Gaylord. I'm just curious what's your personal sense? Do you think those could be the canary and the coalmine for more consolidation as the year progresses?
W. Edward Walter: That's an interesting question, Jeff. So if you look at the merger market right now, I guess what I would say is capital is more available. Certainly, if you can access some of the markets that we can access, and that's a critical ingredient for those types of transactions to occur. I don't know whether the capital is available necessarily for the go private alternative similar to what we'd saw happen in 5 and 6 and 7. I don't know if that debt capital is necessarily available for those types of transactions. So the capital I'm saying might more likely be available might be more company to company. And I think the company to company deal is driven so much by factors that are hard to predict. It is both a function of whether one company is not realizing the benefits of their portfolio or their structure, it gets tied into the sort of the motivations of management and what their longer-term game plan is. So you could be right. I mean, I guess what I'd say is every cycle as we work our way passed the halfway point, I think you do start to see that for a variety of reasons, transaction activity begins to increase and as we get -- right on -- we're at the halfway point, yet, in this recovery, I think we probably are not. So my guess is most of the industry would look at their portfolio and their company and be pretty optimistic about the RevPAR and NOI growth prospects for the next several years. It's just hard to really look out, say to yourself, wow, supply's going to start to pick up and things are going to start -- we're going to start to be at a risky point in the cycle. So since that's not visible, I suspect that most folks would look at it the same way that I do in some ways, which is I really feel pretty good about where we're headed and the opportunity that we have to create value. And while we, at host, would always entertain sale the company at an appropriate price for our shareholders, the reality is that I think there's a lot value to create and I'm pretty focused on trying to create that. And I suspect that if you polled all the other folks in our space, they probably would say something similar to that.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: If it's a form of company or the company transactions not necessarily out right. If you've seen a change in the attitude of the brands, disposing of their non-core assets particularly as stocks have come back. And I guess I can put you on the spot. Is it fair to say that like the large group assets, like a Gaylord owns, are not of interest to someone like you guys?
W. Edward Walter: Speaking more broadly about the brands, we're in constant conversation with the brands about assets that they may own. I think, they're -- right now, I would describe them as they're all thematically on the same path, which is that they generally would like to be more asset light than they are today. But most of them are in pretty good shape from a capital perspective, and are looking for uses for that capital more than they are looking for reasons to generate more capital. So I think you haven't seen as much activity as you might have anticipated for that reason. I think in terms of larger group assets, without talking specifically about any particular company, our focus if we were to buy larger assets like that would be to acquire assets that show the characteristics of something like the Hyatt in San Diego. It's not just because that's the large group hotel that's attractive to us, it's because it's a great hotel in a great location that can both benefit from group business, but can also benefit from transient business and general business transient business -- I meant leisure business, the business transient. If you look at the hotels that I think of that are core in our portfolio would be the 2 big ones in San Diego. It would be the Marquis in New York and the Marquis in San Francisco. Those are assets that are big hotels. They do a lot of group, but they're just in great locations that benefit from everything the city has to offer. So as we look at other hotels around the country, we're -- the large hotel, we are particularly competitive for those because of our scale. So we would -- and I also think from an asset management perspective, we have unique insight because of what we own into how to improve the operations of those hotels. So if the hotel needs the parameters sizes described, we would be interested in taking a look at it.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And just a last question. I might have 2 parts to it. But more broadly, are you maybe disappointed with the pace of improvement in rate and margins in the business overall? Not necessarily just host, but maybe with more the industry? Because I guess I'm going -- many of the urban centers are running at or above prior peak occupancy group and negotiated rate business volumes seemed to be up nicely. But we don't seem to see the rate driven growth that typically accompanies that compression. And I guess I'm curious why you think that is and maybe do you just feel revenue managers in the hotels need maybe sort of a booster shot of confidence to push rate?
W. Edward Walter: I think part of the -- I mean, certainly at some markets, we've seen very significant rate growth jump. But I think if you look more broadly across the industry, part of the issue is that the level, the decline in terms of occupancy, that was created a low floor on which to grow. And I also think that the reduction in group during the last downturn was -- really played a significant role in the ability to ultimately drive rate. Not when you look at the last downturn as we've described before, at least, in our portfolio, the decline in group and transient was the same. Both of them were down about 9% in room nights. And in this cycle, we were off about -- compared to those '07, about 4% in transient room nights and closer to 18% in group. And not only is that just significant in the absolute level of the recovery, but when it comes to driving pricing, having that group business on the books, as you know, that gives the GM and the revenue manager a sense of confidence about an ability to drive rate. And that's probably one of the reasons why these last few quarters, we've been maybe more focused and more excited about what we've been seeing on the group side. Because when you play this out over the next couple of years in our hotels, when you combine almost back to the prior peak occupancy levels, we started the year a couple of points short of that. It'll be interesting to see if we don't surpass that by the end of the year. As we start to get back to those levels and more in those rooms that are booked in advance which then leads to a better revenue strategy for the individual hotel on the transient side, I think you'll see that pricing that you were expecting but you're disappointed not to have seen. I think because this was a transient-led recovery until just lately, you unfortunately are finding that because so many of those rooms are booked so close to the actual date of use that it's just been difficult for the properties to push rate as aggressively as you would like.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just last question, and I'll yield the floor. So I'm curious now with group those seemingly, they continue to build in the right direction and transient like you said has been very strong, I'm curious, when you take an early look at like 2013, as long as the economy holds in there, would you hope or expect it might look a little bit like it does right now? So about 4% to 6%, 5% to 7% growth could be sustained?
W. Edward Walter: I want to hesitate to predict '13 at this point. But I would say that at the end of the day, if economic growth is forecasted to be better in '13, I think that it is in '12, and I don't. What we see when we look across our market is that supply should not be increasing in '13. So if this year plays out the way we expect, we continue to see the growth and trends that we're seeing. And you have a good solid economic year next year combined with low supply growth. I suspect that what we'll find is -- I think RevPAR growth next year could be good, and I would be guessing that we'd start to see a lot more of RevPAR being driven by rate and by mix shift as opposed to necessarily by continued improvements and occupancy, but we will still see those because they're really still room for more appropriate on the occupancy side.
Operator: It looks like that's all the time we have for questions. I'll turn things back over to Mr. Ed Walter for any concluding or closing comments you may have.
W. Edward Walter: Well thank you, everybody, for joining us on this call today. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insights into how 2012 was playing out on our second quarter call in mid July. Have a great day and thanks.
Operator: Once again, everyone, this will conclude this Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson - Executive Vice President Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Please note, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Greg Larson, Executive Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory J. Larson: Well, thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. Before we begin, I'd like to introduce our new Vice President of Investor Relations, Gee Lingberg, who is here with us today on the call. Gee has been with Host for 18 years, most recently in our Treasury Group. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter results, and then we'll describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2012. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here's Ed.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Our top-performing market for the quarter was Hawaii, with a RevPAR increase of 23.6%. Occupancy improved more than 11 percentage points, driven by strong group and transient demand, which lead to a 5% increase in rate. Results for the quarter benefited from the renovations of the hotels in the fourth quarter of 2010. Food and beverage revenues for our Hawaiian hotels increased more than 18% and, as a general trend, we saw stronger F&B revenue growth throughout our portfolio. Hawaii also had an outstanding year with a RevPAR increase of 16%, the second best market in our portfolio. We expect Hawaii to be one of our top-performing markets in 2012, due to strong group demand, which should allow us to drive pricing. As expected, our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels had another great quarter, with RevPAR up 16.3%. Occupancy improved 8 percentage points as group demand was very strong and ADR increased nearly 4%. The renovation of the Miami Biscayne Bay Marriott in the fourth quarter of 2010 contributed to the RevPAR growth. For the year, our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels had RevPAR growth of 9.7%, and we expect them to have a good year due to growth in ADR in 2012. The Phoenix market continued to perform exceptionally well with a RevPAR increase of 15.7%. Strong group demand aided by the construction of a new ballroom and meeting space renovations at the Westin Kierland in 2010 resulted in an occupancy increase of over 5 percentage points. And ADR growth of nearly 6% was driven by increases in both group and transient rates. Our Phoenix hotels had F&B revenue growth of nearly 29% in the quarter. They also performed very well for the full year, with a RevPAR increase of 13.3%. We expect our Phoenix hotels to perform in line with our portfolio in 2012 due to solid group demand, which will result in further ADR growth. While our Philadelphia Downtown Marriott is no longer under renovation, our Philadelphia hotels had an outstanding fourth quarter, with RevPAR up 13.5%. ADR increased nearly 12%, and occupancy improved over 1 percentage point. Strength in group bookings drove the outperformance and lead to an F&B revenue increase of over 15%. We expect our Philadelphia hotels to excel in 2012, primarily due to strong group demand and no negative impact from the renovation. Our San Francisco hotels continued their excellent performance as RevPAR increased 11.2% due to an ADR improvement of nearly 9% and an occupancy increase of 1.5 percentage points. The improvement in ADR was driven by both rate increases and the shift in the mix of business to higher-rated segments. Both group and transient demand were strong. For 2011, San Francisco was our top-performing market with a RevPAR increase of 16.3%, and it will continue to perform well in 2012. RevPAR for our Chicago hotels increased by 6.3%, driven by an increase in occupancy of nearly 3 percentage points and an improvement in average rate of over 2% as both transient and group demand were good. We expect our Chicago hotels to have another good year due to strong group and citywide bookings, which should drive ADR growth. RevPAR for our New York hotels increased 5.4% due to a rate improvement of over 3% and an occupancy increase of nearly 2 percentage points. These results were below our expectations, primarily due to lower rate growth and the effect of new supply. Even with the new supply, we expect our New York hotels to have a solid 2012. RevPAR for our Washington, D.C. hotels was essentially flat, with occupancy increasing 1.5 points and ADR declining roughly 2%. Soft group and transient demand, along with discounted leisure rates, hurt ADR. 2012 will be a challenge due to a weaker citywide calendar, government travel cutbacks and an election year. Lastly, our worst-performing market for the fourth quarter was Atlanta. RevPAR fell 3.9%, with a 2 percentage point drop in occupancy and a 1% drop in ADR. The poor performance was due to a decline in citywide demand and renovations at the JW Marriott Buckhead. We expect the Atlanta market to continue to underperform our portfolio in 2012. For our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 1% for the quarter as ADR increased 5.3%, while occupancy fell 3.2 percentage points. In particular, the Sheraton Roma had a significant negative impact on RevPAR growth due to its major renovation. Excluding the Sheraton Roma, RevPAR would have increased 3% in the quarter in constant euros. The Westin Europa & Regina in Venice and the Sheraton Warsaw performed the best in the quarter. For the full year, RevPAR calculated in constant euros improved 5.5%, solely due to growth in ADR. Excluding the Sheraton Roma, RevPAR would have increased over 8% in 2011 in constant euros. For 2012, the European joint venture properties have projected RevPAR growth of 3% to 5%. However, at the corporate level, we are more conservative in using lower RevPAR assumptions. Our portion of the Euro JV EBITDA represents only 3% of our adjusted EBITDA. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 100 basis points, despite the recognition of $1.6 million in bad debt expense from the American Airlines bankruptcy. Margins for the quarter benefited from better productivity as wages and benefits on a per occupied room basis increased less than 2%. Rooms flow through was roughly 73%. As previously discussed, food and beverage revenues increased significantly with a 6.8% revenue increase. F&B flow through was nearly 51%, a substantial improvement over the first 3 quarters of the year and significantly above our expectations. We saw improvements in catering, meeting room rental and audio-visual revenues. Unallocated cost which include general and administrative, sales and marketing, repairs and maintenance and utilities, increased 4%, primarily driven by expenses at our variable revenues, including credit card commissions, reward programs and cluster and shared service allocations. Utility cost declined slightly. Property taxes increased in the fourth quarter after declining for the first 3 quarters of the year, resulting in an overall decrease in property taxes for 2011. For the full year, comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins increased 90 basis points. Looking forward to 2012, we expect that RevPAR will continue to be driven by both occupancy and rate growth. The additional rate growth should lead the solid rooms flow through, even with growth in wage and benefit cost. We expect an increase in group demand and higher quality groups, which should help drive growth in banquet and audio-visual revenues and good F&B flow through. We expect unallocated cost to increase more than inflation, particularly for rewards and sales and marketing, where higher revenues will increase cost. We expect property taxes to increase roughly 9% and property insurance to increase due to higher replacement cost and rates. Together, these 2 items reduce our margins by more than 40 basis points for 2012. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 25 basis points, the low end of the range, and increase 75 basis points at the high end of the range for 2012. During the quarter, we issued $300 million of 10-year senior notes at a 6% rate. The proceeds will be used, along with available cash, to repay our only meaningful debt maturity in 2012, the $388 million and 2 5/8% exchangeable debentures, which we expect to be put to us in April. We also closed on a new $1 billion revolving credit facility, which is $400 million larger than our old facility. The new facility matures in November of 2015, with an option to extend for 1 additional year subject to certain conditions. Based on our current leverage level, U.S. dollar base borrowings would have a spread of 200 basis points. We currently have over $880 million of capacity on the credit facility, and ended the quarter with over $800 million in cash and cash equivalents. I wanted to mention 2 more items prior to starting the question-and-answer session. In 2011, our taxable REIT subsidiary incurred a book loss, primarily due to negative lease leakage which resulted in our recording a tax benefit in 2011. The anticipated improvement in operating results in 2012 should lead to an increase in lease leakage and, as a result, we are projecting tax expense for 2012. This translates to roughly a 2% -- $0.02 per share reduction in adjusted FFO for 2012. In addition, the mortgage note that we purchased in 2010 that has collateralized by 6 hotels in Europe, matures in October, and we expect to get repaid at that time. Accordingly, we will only have 9 months of interest in 2012, which results in a reduction in adjusted EBITDA of approximately $6 million or $0.01 per share in FFO when compared to 2011. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Eli Hackel with Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just 2 questions. First, could you just talk further about your views of the Atlanta and D.C. market? Have your views of those markets changed over the last couple of years? And just building upon that, you said you were going to increase your dispositions. What markets are you looking to decrease your exposure to? Then second, what's your current view on the next peak in margins? While it seems that some permanent costs have come out of the market via staffing and other means, maybe there's some higher costs, whether it's taxes or insurance. Do you think that the next peak in margins will be higher than the previous peak?
Operator: We'll move on to our next question in the queue from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. One is can you give us a little bit of color on what your company guidance assumes for Europe -- European RevPAR from your JV? And then also, I wanted to ask about flow through. You mentioned a couple of the items, insurance and things that I think you said combined really like a 40-basis-point burden on 2012 margins. But I guess, is there anything else that's keeping more flow through, given that you expect rate to be more of a driver of that 4% to 6% than occupancy, that we might have expected to see more flow through than just the 25 to 75 basis points, even with the little items you mentioned?
Operator: We'll move on to our next question in the queue from Josh Attie with Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What do you expect in terms of the quarterly progression of RevPAR? Or even just if you look at the first half or the second half, do you feel like it's going to be spread evenly? Or is the growth weighted toward a particular half or quarter?
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how does your RevPAR growth guidance of 4% to 6% compare to maybe what your view of the industry is? Or how do you think -- do you think the portfolio is going to outperform or underperform, what you think the industry will do? And what are the different headwinds and tailwinds affecting that?
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And it sounds like that based on the way your group bookings have accelerated, do you feel like the performance gap between your portfolio in upper upscale versus the total industry could start to narrow in 2012 or close completely?
Operator: Next we'll hear from Smedes Rose with KBW.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: It's Smedes. I just had a couple of questions. I wanted to ask you on your disposition activity, if you could just talk about maybe some of the buyers you're seeing and how are they thinking about financing on the assets that they want to buy. And then for you guys specifically, are you thinking more towards international opportunities or domestic as you think about acquisition activity? And then also, just in your guidance, are you -- does it assume any issuance on your ATM Program and the share count that you've provided?
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you had issued on your ATM during the quarter and if your guidance assumes any continued issuance?
Gregory J. Larson: Smedes, this is Greg. If you look at page 12 in our press release, our total shares in OP Units outstanding right now, they're about $716 million. If you look at the back of our press release where we show the total shares for the year, it's basically taking that $716 million and adding in the convert -- the $38 million of converts. And so the answer is, no. There are no additional shares in our guidance.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Bill Crow with Raymond James.
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of detailed questions on the guidance. I know some markets you were more specific on your outlook than others. Do you have any sort of specific RevPAR growth goals for New York and D.C. in particular?
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right, right. Okay. And then you talked about the renovations and lapping some of the renovation disruptions from last year. Do you think that net-net, you'll benefit from the, as far as 2012 goes, renovations relative to last year? Or is it a wash? Do have any disruptions this year? How do we think about the impact?
William A. Crow - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And one final question from me, which is as you look at this building group stretch and you start to dissect it a little bit by type of group, are you seeing any change in demand by financial services? Or are you seeing any reduced demand or sensitivity to, for example, Ritz-Carlton's or other high-end brands versus Marriott or Starwood, typical brands? Anything you can give us there that would help us kind of look out and see if there are any negative or positive trends we need to be aware of?
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Ed, I wanted to quickly follow up on some comments you made earlier about the group booking pace. You said that's for 2012. I think demand was up about 5%. That's slightly higher rate. Going back to your earlier comment, when is it appropriate to begin pushing that rate? And is it really the -- in the quarter-for-the-quarter demand that should lift that? And how much could it lift it?
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: The second question that I had is going back to redevelopment and renewal expense, which in 2011 and expect for 2012 will be plus $500 million. That represents over 10% of your revenues, and so just a couple of questions there. Now how much of that is really catch up on deferred maintenance from the recession period? What percentage of your portfolio has been renovated versus is targeted for renovations? And then when do you expect to get to the more traditional 5% to 6% of revenues as a kind of a total spend number?
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Sullivan with Cowen and Company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions from me, Ed. As you think about demand growth in 2012 and beyond, to what extent is the international inward-bound demand a positive or a negative variable? We hear talk about some weakness from some of the European -- some of the major European sources of U.S. travel, but that's being offset apparently by the emerging economy. So I'm curious what your operators are telling you about that? And then, secondly, in the general area of cost, maybe you could help us think about perspective wage and benefit cost pressures. Should we be thinking about that in connection with an overall employment rate? Or is there some other variable that we should be factoring into that kind -- in the projected increases on those cost?
Operator: Thank you, and that does conclude our question-and-answer session today. I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: W. Edward Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory J. Larson - Executive Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Greg Larson, Executive Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Third Quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2011.  Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our third quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here's Ed.
W. Edward Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another strong quarter of operating results despite the impact of Hurricane Irene on our East Coast hotels, and the headwinds emanating from global economic concerns over the last several months.  Let's start by reviewing the quarter and then we will offer some insights into the rest of 2011 and next year.  Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the third quarter increased 6.4%, driven by an improvement in our average rate of 3.7% combined with an occupancy increase of 1.9 percentage points. Our average rate for the quarter was at $169 and our average occupancy was nearly 76%, which is only 1.3 points shy of 2007 levels.  This performance fell slightly short of our expectations because of the arrival of Hurricane Irene in late August, which resulted in group cancellations in Washington and Philadelphia and the complete evacuation of the Marriott New York Downtown Hotel.  Altogether, the storm caused an approximately 60 basis point hit to our RevPAR for the quarter. In addition, as we mentioned last quarter, our comparable hotel results do not include the performance of the $1.7 billion of acquisitions we have completed over the last 15 months, which averaged better than 14% growth in the quarter.  Comparable hotel F&B revenue growth of 4% contributed to an overall revenue growth of 5.3% for the quarter. This increase, when combined with our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin increase of 110 basis points and the performance of our acquisition, resulted in a 28% increase in adjusted EBITDA to $212 million, an FFO per diluted share of $0.16. On a year-to-date basis, comparable hotel RevPAR increased 6.3% driven primarily by rate improvement. Total year-to-date comparable revenue growth of 5.3%, combined with profit margins that increased 80 basis points, resulted in year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $669 million, which represents an increase of over 23%, an FFO per diluted share of $0.57.  Year-to-date, FFO per diluted share was negatively affected by $0.03 for acquisition, debt repayment and impairment costs. Business mix trends were generally favorable this quarter as we realized demand and rate increases in both our transient and group business. As in the past quarter, transient demand and rate were the primary drivers of RevPAR growth.  Overall, transient room nights for the quarter increased 3%, led by a 5.5% increase in Special Corporate demand. While retail rated room nights were down slightly, the segment still recorded solid revenue growth driven by a 6.5% increase in average rate.  The strong rate performance in this segment, combined with the rate increases in all other transient segments, contributed to an overall rate increase of more than 4%. The increase in both transient demand and average rate produced transient revenue growth of more than 7%.  Turning to our group business. We were pleased to see a 1.3% improvement in demand despite the weather-related cancellations. The increase was driven entirely by a nearly 15% increase in demand in our higher-rated corporate business, as the discount segments declined 6%.  The combination of average rate increases in our higher-priced segments and positive mix shift resulted in an overall increase in group rate of more than 3%. This increase in rate, combined with the demand improvement, resulted in a nearly 4.5% increase in group revenue for the quarter. Despite the upheaval in the equity markets created by headlines about legislative gridlock and slow employment growth in the U.S. and sovereign debt risks in the EU, our outlook for the remainder of the year remains quite positive. Our fourth quarter group booking pace is quite solid compared with last year with bookings up over 2% and revenues ahead by almost 5%.  In addition, our transient bookings are up over 6% with very strong rate growth. While our realistic appraisal of the impact of weaker economic data suggests that we will not experience significant outperformance in the fourth quarter, we do expect that fourth quarter RevPAR growth will generally be in line or slightly better than what we experienced in the last 2 quarters, leading to full year RevPAR growth of between 6% in the quarter and 6.75%.  Assuming that adjusted margins -- profit margins expand between 80 and 90 basis points, we would project that adjusted EBITDA will range between $1.15 billion and $1.25 billion, which will reflect full year growth of 23% over 2010. We project FFO per diluted share of between $0.86 and $0.88, which has been reduced by $0.03 per share for acquisition, debt repayment and impairment costs. While we are not prepared to offer any specific guidance relative to RevPAR or revenue growth for 2012, and we fully appreciate the event risk that may threaten overall economic growth for next year, we would reconfirm the sentiments offered by others in the industry that the fundamentals for our business continue to be attractive.  We would start by noting that supply growth in 2012 is projected to be roughly 0.5%, which is a small fraction of the long-term industry average. This would suggest that occupancy rates should continue to grow even if economic growth is more modest and expected earlier in the year. The group booking pace for next year is strong with room nights up over 4% at higher rates, especially, in the important second and fourth quarters where room nights are ahead by more than 9%. The recently issued government per diem rates, which increased an average of 5% across our major markets plus expectations for successful Special Corporate negotiations, all point towards higher transient rates.  Given the significant recovery in occupancy rates over the last 2 years, we should be starting the year in a position of strength, which suggests that we should benefit from both mix shift and absolute rate increases across most segments. In short, there is a clear opportunity for very solid RevPAR growth for next year.  On the investment front, we had a relatively quiet last couple of months. As we noted in the press release, on behalf of our joint venture, we recently completed the previously announced acquisition of the Pullman Bercy for EUR 96 million. This is the venture's first hotel in Paris, and the property is located in the growing business district of Bercy.  Despite the financial issues in the EU, RevPAR in the overall Paris market has increased 17% year-to-date, and we would expect the market and the hotel to perform well over the next several years. We also noted in the release that we had negotiated an extension of the closing date at no additional costs for our previously announced acquisition of the Grand Hyatt Washington, D.C.  Given the recent volatility in global equity markets and general uncertainty in the eurozone and the U.S., we determined that extending the closing date would allow us to remain flexible and to further monitor economic trends, global developments and capital markets, while establishing a clear understanding of their impact on 2012 operations.  Should we choose not to close at the end of the extension period, we will forfeit our initial deposit and record a onetime charge of $15 million. We still believe that this hotel is a terrific asset centrally located in one of the world's top markets with good long-term potential.  While we are continuing to review potential acquisitions, at this point it appears unlikely that any other transactions would close before year end, so the guidance we provided does not assume any incremental investment.  On the disposition front, we are marketing a few selective properties for sale, but would expect that these transactions would most likely not close until the first quarter of next year.  We remain confident that investing in our existing portfolio provides very attractive returns. Continuing our pattern throughout 2011, capital spending in the quarter continued to increase, as in total we invested $95 million this quarter compared to $49 million in 2010.  Redevelopment and return on investment project spending totaled $32 million this quarter and include the redevelopment projects at the Chicago Marriott O'Hare, the Sheraton Indianapolis and the Atlanta Perimeter Center. For the full year, we expect to spend $220 million to $240 million on these types of projects.  In terms of maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $63 million in the third quarter, which included the renovation of the 45,000-square foot Broadway Ballroom at the New York Marriott Marquis.  During the quarter, we began work on extensive room renovations of the JW Marriott Buckhead, and the JW Marriott Desert Springs Resort & Spa. For the year, we expect to spend approximately $300 million to $320 million on maintenance capital expenditures.  Overall, given the overhang of uncertainty regarding the U.S. economy and international sovereign debt issues, we were very pleased with our results this quarter.  While we can, at some level, appreciate the sentiment that has caused equity valuations in the sector to decline, we suspect that only the risks and the risk-benefit equation are being noticed.  As we highlighted, the fundamentals of our business remain attractive. Transient demand is strong and group demand continues to improve. As RevPAR is increasingly driven by improvements in average rate, margin growth and flow-through will accelerate. Additions to supply have been restrained and will likely remain well below historical levels for at least the next 3 years.  Finally, we note that our current equity valuations suggest a value of roughly 200k per hotel room, which is about half of what it would cost to replace our portfolio.  Thank you. And now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Our top-performing markets for the third quarter was Phoenix with a RevPAR increase of 24.4%. Strong group demand resulted in an occupancy increase of over 7 percentage points.  Some of the group demand improvement was due to meeting space renovations at the Westin Kierland and the Ritz-Carlton Phoenix in the third quarter of 2010. The ADR growth of 8% was driven by increases in both group and transient rates. We expect our Phoenix hotels to have an outstanding fourth quarter due to an excellent group and transient demand and further ADR growth.  Our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels had another great quarter with RevPAR up 20.6%. Occupancy increased over 12 percentage points, as group demand was very strong and ADR improved nearly 2%.  The renovation of the Miami Biscayne Bay Marriott in the third quarter of 2010 contributed to the strong RevPAR growth. We expect our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels to have a great fourth quarter because of strong group and transient demand, as well as some improvement in average rates.  Despite these results in Miami and Fort Lauderdale, our Florida region was affected by significant renovations at the Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island and the Hilton Singer Island.  Our San Francisco hotels continue their exceptional performance. RevPAR increased 17% as ADR improved over 11% and occupancy increased 4 percentage points. The improvement in ADR was driven by both rate increases and the shift in the mix of business to higher-rated segments.  Both group and transient demand were strong. We expect the San Francisco market to continue to perform well in the fourth quarter. Our Houston hotels had another strong quarter with RevPAR up 12.6% as occupancy increased over 6 percentage points while ADR increased 2%. The occupancy increase was driven by strong corporate transient demand. We expect the Houston market to continue to perform very well in the fourth quarter.  RevPAR for Hawaii hotels increased 6.8%. Occupancy improved 5 percentage points to nearly 85%, driven by wholesale and leisure promotions, as well as increased airline capacity. For the fourth quarter, we expect Hawaii to significantly outperform the portfolio due to improvements in transient demand, a shift in mix to higher-rated business and the benefit from the renovation of the hotels in the fourth quarter of 2010.  RevPAR for our Chicago hotels increased by 6.7%, driven by an increase in occupancy of over 3 percentage points and an improvement in average rate of over 2% as higher transient demand offset lower levels of group business. We expect our Chicago hotels to have a good fourth quarter due to strong group bookings.  RevPAR for our New York hotels increased 6.7% due to an ADR improvement of nearly 8%, while occupancy fell 1 percentage point. RevPAR growth would have exceeded 8% without the negative effect of evacuations and cancellations related to Hurricane Irene. We expect our New York hotels to have an excellent fourth quarter.  RevPAR for our Washington D.C. hotels increased 2.1% with ADR increasing nearly 2% and a slight occupancy increase. Operations were affected by concerns surrounding the budget and debt ceiling, which led to less government and government-related group and transient business. We expect the D.C. market to perform better in the fourth quarter, as government per diem rates have increased in the market.  RevPAR for our Boston hotels decreased 1.4% with a slight decrease in both occupancy and ADR. Results were affected by the lack of group demand and rate, particularly at the Sheraton Boston. While we expect strong transient demand in the fourth quarter, group demand is expected to continue to be weak.  Lastly, our worst-performing market for the third quarter was New Orleans. RevPAR fell 10.5% primarily due to the substantial amount of BP contract room nights generated by the Gulf oil spill in the third quarter of last year and a decline in government-related group business. RevPAR fell as occupancy declined over 12 percentage points. However, ADR did increase over 6%. We expect the New Orleans market to have a rough fourth quarter due to the reopening of the 1,200-room Hyatt, year-over-year reduction in demand generated by the Gulf oil spill and the renovation of the meeting space at our hotel in the fourth quarter.  Year-to-date, San Francisco has been our best-performing market with a RevPAR increase of 19% followed by Hawaii with a RevPAR increase of 13%, phoenix with a 12.2% increase and Houston with 11.9% increase.  Our worst-performing markets have been Philadelphia with a RevPAR decrease of 4.5% and Boston with a 0.3% increase.  For our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 5.2% for the quarter, as ADR increased 6.2% and occupancy fell roughly 1%. Group demand was weak due to 3 of the JV hotels having their meeting space under renovation in the quarter. In particular, the Sheraton Roma had a significant negative impact on RevPAR due to its meeting space renovations.  Excluding the Sheraton Roma, RevPAR would have increased over 8% in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, RevPAR calculated in constant euros improved 8%, as average rates improved 5.5% and occupancy increased 1.7 percentage points.  For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 110 basis points. Margins for the quarter benefited from better productivity as wages and benefits on a pro-occupied room basis was essentially flat plate. Rooms flow-through was good at roughly 75%. Food and beverage revenues increased 4.1% for the quarter. F&B flow-through was approximately 26%, which was better than the first half of the year, but profits were still lower than expected. There were 2 primary reasons: The first is that we had a number of restaurants and some meeting space under renovation in the quarter, where the negative impact on F&B profits was higher than anticipated. In addition, a few hotels had lower group spend, only a portion of which was anticipated.  Unallocated costs increased approximately 3%. This increase was primarily driven by expenses that are variable revenues, including credit card commissions, reward programs, and cluster and shared service allocations.  Utility costs increased 3.7%. Insurance costs increased significantly due to an increase in replacement costs and premium increases as part of our June 1 renewal of our property insurance program.  Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we expect margins to generally perform in line with what we experienced in the first 3 quarters of the year. We should get some benefit from a RevPAR increase driven more by rate growth than occupancy and the potential for improvement in F&B flow-through.  We do, however, expect unallocated costs to increase more than inflation particularly for rewards and sales and marketing costs, where higher revenues will increase cost. And we expect property taxes to rise well in excess inflation due to refunds received in the fourth quarter of 2010 that will not recur in the fourth quarter of this year.  As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins for the full year to increase 80 basis points at the low end of the range and increase 90 basis points at the high end of the RevPAR range.  One last item, the full year guidance that we gave on the second quarter earnings call assumed that we close on the acquisition of the Grand Hyatt in Washington D.C. in mid-September. That guidance included $9 million of projected EBITDA in 2011 from the hotel during our anticipated period of ownership.  With the extension of the closing until mid-December, our current guidance assumes that there would be minimal EBITDA from the acquisition in 2011. If we do not acquire the hotel, we would forefeet our $50 million deposit and reduce our 2011 adjusted EBITDA by $15 million.  From NAREIT FFO per share purposes, it's a little more complicated. Our second quarter earnings call guidance had very little FFO for the Hyatt because of interest expense related to the assumed debt and the assumed payment of a $7 million transfer tax for the acquisition which, together, roughly offset the property level EBITDA of $9 million.  The transfer tax is considered an acquisition cost under GAAP and deducted from NAREIT FFO. Accordingly, our current guidance includes a loss of approximately $0.01 per share for FFO primarily due to the payment of these transport taxes.  If we do not close the acquisition, NAREIT FFO would be an additional $8 million or roughly $0.01 per share lower than our current guidance. This amount represents the loss of the deposit partially offset by the transfer taxes and interest expense that we would not have to pay.  This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Eli Hackel with Goldman Sachs.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions. First just goes on the deal from the transaction market. Can you just talk a little bit -- I mean, you mentioned D.C., how you're viewing deals? I mean, it seems to me a little bit that you know evaluations have come down so much. Now maybe it's a good time to purchase and just have the capital markets going to making those decisions if they're available. If they're not, I know you still have a lot of cash on your balance sheet, or just have sellers not lower their prices that much. And then the other thing just relating to group business for 2012, you mentioned volume, I think. But can you just give us an idea where rates stand for next year?
W. Edward Edward Walter: Yes, I would tell you that rate is up a little bit for next year. It's probably around the 1% range so far. That number does tend to vary a bit from period to period, but it's roughly up about 1 point right now. Going back to the deal market, I guess what I would say is that it's -- we're trying to assess that right now. I would -- sellers have clearly not dropped their prices yet. The cost of capital for most buyers has gone up a bit, which probably suggests that buyers are looking to pay a little bit less. There has not been a whole lot of activity over the course of the last 90 days since the equity markets started to move. We are seeing good activity on the properties that we are marketing. I would say that generally, we're seeing less activity from the other REITs, and I think everybody would understand that with REIT share prices lower, that REITs are going to be a little bit more careful in how to expand whatever cash or liquidity that they have, recognizing that they probably are not comfortable on returning to the equity market right now given where equity market prices are. So I think that I would suspect, overall, that the pace of activity in the second half of the year will fall short of what folks expected it to be back in June primarily because of the reduction in share prices. But having said that, and kind of looking at the response that we're getting for some of the properties that we have on the market, there's still an active market out there. But I would also agree with your point that pricing could get a little bit more attractive as sellers begin to accept the new reality, and that's one of the reasons why we continue to be interested in completing the acquisitions.
Eli Hackel - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just taking that just the D.C. for a second, so how much of your decision took than the D.C. was capital markets and how much maybe was economic uncertainty?
W. Edward Edward Walter: I don't know that I could give you a percentage of either, but they're just -- unfortunately, the world did change a lot from our perspective, at least from a capital markets perspective after our last call. And so looking at the scale and the size of this particular transaction, we're still very comfortable with the acquisition, but it would utilize a fair amount of our existing liquidity to complete and I think we just wanted to let the world have a little bit more time to get a little bit clear indication of direction before we complete the purchase. And I think one of the points -- but intuitively from that, is that we -- it gives us a little bit more flexibility is not a bad thing right now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just wondering if you could clarify a couple of things for me. In the last quarter -- well, you said in this quarter you got the fourth quarter bookings were up 2%, which is similar to what you said in the last quarter, which is clearly positive. Given that there hasn't been any deterioration given the economy. But I'm wondering if you could just get a little bit more granular with that data point. And I'm wondering did anything change in that since the last quarter. You mentioned revenues were up 4%, 5% for the bookings. I was just wondering if that was better or also unchanged.
W. Edward Edward Walter: I think net-net, the bookings for the fourth quarter are better than where they were earlier in the year. We've seen a consistent trend throughout the year that -- the fourth quarter was the only quarter that, back in January, was significantly negative in terms of both room nights and revenues. The other quarters were generally positive especially from a revenue perspective. As we've worked our way through the year, we've seen continued improvement in the fourth quarter. Probably more importantly, as we look at what has actually happened over the course of the last 60 to 90 days, our bookings for the fourth quarter were stronger than they had been in 2010. So we booked more room nights in the last 60 days for the fourth quarter than we did last year. And those bookings were also ahead of the pace that we had seen in 2007. So net-net, we -- while there was a bit of a hole that needed to be filled in the fourth quarter, we have been pleased with the progress throughout the year. But we certainly have been pleased with the progress that we've seen at the end of the summer despite all the noise that was out there at the time that, that was happening.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's really helpful. And then, regarding your outlook, which now is basically for the fourth quarter, last quarter, you had said that adjusting for disruption, the second half should be -- in terms of RevPAR, should be about greater than 7%. And now if we kind of take the guidance that you've given, it looks like that number is lower than that. So I'm just wondering what's changed there?
W. Edward Edward Walter: I think there's a couple of things that changed. One was what we -- what I talked about in my comments which is the fact that we did lose some group activity and some fairly strong bookings in the East Coast that because of Hurricane Irene. We had a big group in Philadelphia that canceled. We had to shut down the Financial Center Marriott for the entire weekend. So you never want to see that happen in New York. And in Washington, D.C., we were expecting a fair amount of business, both group and transient, related to the celebration of the, I guess, the presentation, the opening of the Martin Luther King Memorial, all of which were rained out by Hurricane Irene. So the net effect of that was that we lost about 60 basis points in the quarter. And if we had that, we obviously would have been at the 7% level, maybe slightly above that for the quarter. So I think that's the first thing that changed. I think that the other part of it, as we looked at the fourth quarter, is that overall we continue to feel that the quarter is going to be good. Our property level forecasts are, frankly, stronger than the guidance that we're giving. I think the properties are a bit more optimistic that we are, but I think we felt like it would make sense to dial back a little bit on that. And I think that's why I made the point about the fact that we -- we're not going to outperform in the fourth quarter, but we still expect to perform in line in Q4.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I should have been more -- definitely more focus on the fourth quarter. So that was helpful. And then just maybe it's housekeeping, maybe it's not. But corporate expense was lower than we were expecting by about $10 million. Maybe you addressed it in your prepared remarks. If you did, I missed that.
W. Edward Edward Walter: I think the bulk of the change in the corporate expenses is due to the fact that a significant part of our compensation is tied to restricted stock. And with the reduction in stock price, I think 2 things happen. We will probably earn less of that restricted stock compensation because it is primarily performance related. And the second thing is that there was a stock price being measurably lower that also reduces the amount. So I think the bulk of that change is due to -- really due to changes in what we expect to pay in restricted stock.
Gregory J. Larson: Felicia, this is Greg. Going back to your prior question, I mean, if you take the midpoint of our full year guidance, it's 6.5%. To achieve 6.5%, that means we need to achieve 7% growth in the fourth quarter. So that's a 7% that you were just talking about. And obviously, if we hit 7%, that would be the strongest quarter of the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I mean, I just -- maybe it's just splitting hairs, but if you were -- made the adjustments you kind of would have done 7% this quarter. And then last quarter, you said fourth quarter would be better than the third. So I was just trying to figure out what was going on, but I think I got it now.
Operator: Our next question will come from Smedes Rose with KBW.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was just curious what's your thought on share repurchases at these levels given, as you point out, that your stock trades well below your NAV and a lot of these companies have traded off. Your leverage is low. You have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. What are your thoughts around that?
W. Edward Edward Walter: Certainly, we would view it as an attractive purchase. And I think, as you know Smedes, we've bought stock back in the '90s. We bought stock in the last 4 or 5 years when similar situations have existed. Generally, I think, our philosophy on this is stock purchases are best funded from the proceeds of asset sales where you're effectively selling a part of the company at a market level pricing, getting an opportunity to buy part of it back at a discount price. And as mentioned in my comments, I think we've got some sales -- small amount of sales out there on the market by I don't expect any of them to close in the real near term. I think until we start to see both the results of those sales and get a little bit more clarity on how 2012 is going to play out, I think we'd be really relatively cautious about instituting a stock buyback. I think ultimately, as we generate proceeds from some of the -- from sales, we'll look as we always do at what the other options are, whether it's to pay down debt, buy, invest in our existing assets, look at other acquisitions or buy part of the company make a decision at that time what's the best use of that capital.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering, you may have said this, but could you just recap what you're seeing in 2012 on the group booking trends I guess relative to the last time? You guys gave us an update in terms of just revenue and demand trends.
W. Edward Edward Walter: What we had talked about was the fact that room nights were up about 4% and then rate was up roughly 1%.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Josh Attie from Citigroup.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You've acquired a lot of assets over the last year or so, and I know you usually wait until they've been in the portfolio full calendar year before included them in your comp set. Maybe to give us an idea of how the portfolio is performing, if you could give us either RevPAR growth for the third quarter for the whole portfolio or what the full year guidance would be including all of the hotels, that would be helpful.
W. Edward Edward Walter: Yes, Josh, what I'd say, if you look at what Q3 would have been, if we included all of the acquisitions. So in other words, our acquisitions were up over 14% in the third quarter. So if we look at that on a pro forma basis compared to last year, that would have added an incremental 70 basis points to our third quarter RevPAR growth. So 6.4 would have gone to 7.1. And obviously, if you add the hurricane disruption and you end up at 7.7 for the quarter. I don't know off the top of my head what the number is for the full year. But, I mean, I think we've generally been seeing if you -- I think in the last quarter, we were up about 100. The impact of the acquisitions added about 100 basis points. So we're somewhere between that 3/4 and 1 point benefit incremental to what were otherwise shown -- what we're reporting on a comp basis because of the acquisitions we've completed.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael Billerman speaking. Just -- I'll just come back to the stock repurchase, because at least in your opening comments, you talked about the best investment that you could make is investing in the properties, right? So you're putting more dollars into the asset. So you obviously have some confidence in the long-term prospects of the hotels. And I can appreciate that you want to get a little bit more clarity on where things stand heading into next year. Yes, I think the unfortunate part is once you get that clarity, your stock is only going to reflect what that clarity is. And hence, will be at a valuation bubble that is a lot different that where it is. And based on your more -- in your confidence in putting money to work, you would probably end on the side that the stock would be higher a year from now than lower. So I guess I'm just curious, why not try to be more aggressive if you're trading at such a substantial discount to the underlying assets, which you have a lot of confidence in because you're putting money to work in them. Why not be more aggressive today?
W. Edward Edward Walter: Mike, that's a great question. But I think that ultimately what the answer is right now is that while we are -- as we look at the world today and if we assume that we don't have a problem, a real -- that the problem in Europe doesn't get worse and we assume that we could -- that the blue chip for the industry consensus, the economic consensus on next year plays out, we feel very good about 2012. But I think, if you -- as we also listen to what economic forecasters are predicting and you look at the fact that there are risks that suggest that there could be some problems out there. And I think, frankly, those risks are what are reflected in our stock price right now, that's why it's so low. At the end of the day, I think the more prudent step for us to take is to be a little bit more cautious and a little bit more conservative with what we do with our capital. At least, until we have started to generate and completed some of asset sales that I think ultimately are the best way to fund the stock buyback. And in fact, what you're suggesting is have confidence that you get sales done and then use those proceeds now to buy at a lower price. There's a lot of logic to that. But ultimately, at the end of the day, what has served us well over the last decade when we approached some of these times of uncertainty is to be, maybe a little bit more cautious in how we used some of that incremental capital, be a little less quick to pull the trigger on some sort of -- on financial transactions similar to buying stock and just make certain that you kind of are comfortable that the world is headed in the right direction because liquidity can make a difference at different times in the cycle. And so I think ultimately, I would wholeheartedly agree with you about the value that's there. But I'm comfortable that, that value is going to be there ultimately in '12 and in '13 and in '14 and it's only going to be going higher. What I need to make certain of is that we don't take any steps now that may force us to do something stupid later, which might be selling an asset at a bad price or borrowing at a very expensive rate. So that's -- it's an issue that we're talking about regularly here. It's an issue that I'm talking about with the board. But I think right now, the prudent call is to wait till you get the asset sales done and then reevaluate the opportunity. And if we missed it -- and the good news is the stock price is a lot higher.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, I guess, just to drive returns you could maximize by buying cheap and then selling equity at a higher price if you want to fund the growth and you can also use some of your under leverage. Or if you're not going to buy assets, why don't buy into the assets that you know the best, the assets that you're investing money in and the assets that you're operating every day, why not take leverage up return or -- and still have capacity. I'm not saying do a leverage recap. But certainly, have some capacity to move in the existing structure even without selling assets.
W. Edward Edward Walter: Yes, I think, again, I'm not really disagreeing with your sentiment, and maybe the only part of what you just said that I would probably take issue with is that we are very comfortable with the progress that we have made in reducing our leverage over the course of the last 2 years, but we have been pretty clear that we're ultimately working to be even more lowly levered because we think that there are a series of reasons including a lower cost of capital that makes that an important goal. And so I don't think at this point in time, I would want to go the other direction. I would want to lever up today. It could easily work out well, but I just don't think this is the time to be making that sort of a move.
Operator: Our expansion comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, maybe I want to build on Michael's question a little bit. Not so much on the share repurchase, but just how you're thinking about allocation of capital. I think there's some talk out there that Host had walked away from buying the St. Regis in the third quarter. And I'm curious, when it comes down to that decision, Ed, is it more about just the uncertainty in the economy that drove that equation and it ultimately could have been solved by a price adjustment? Or is it more to do with, I guess, I'd say the relative value of your stock versus the price of that asset that drove that specific decision?
W. Edward Edward Walter: It's probably a little bit of both, Jeff. But I think, ultimately, what I would say is sort of consistent with some of the comments I just made in response to Michael's question is as we look at that deal, we were excited about the property, but we also -- I think we're really trying to be pretty disciplined here about making certain that we are paying attention to what's happening with our balance sheet as we grow. And while we don't want necessarily sit here and say, that we're trying to find every acquisition 100% with equity, because that's not the case, I also don't think we're -- especially, at this juncture, I don't know that we're in a position where we would be comfortable in funding a big acquisition entirely with debt. And given what had happened with the equity markets over the -- since our last call, we would not have been comfortable in issuing stock in order to fund the equity portion of that particular investment. And so as a result of that, we determined that the best position was to not move forward with the deal.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And if I could maybe switch gears and come at just the group comments for 2012 a little bit differently. When you think about next year, I know you haven't given guidance, I don't expect you to, but do you think revenue growth from the group segments could lead or lag your portfolio average next year under most economic scenarios? And I'm curious, do you think the attrition and cancellation experience you had in '08, '09 causes you to think differently about the resiliency of group revenues over a cycle?
W. Edward Edward Walter: I hesitate to try to use what happened in '08 and '09 to kind of guide our thinking about long-term group activity because I think so much of the decline there was related to the fear of being on the front page of the Post or the Journal or the Times that I think that was a big driver behind the unprecedented level of cancellations that we had. If you go back to another period in time, which even there was probably a little bit irregular because of the events of 9/11, what we saw on that downturn is that group activity actually declined more slowly than transient but overall, the room night decline was really pretty equal in our portfolio, both group and transient were down about 9% in the '01 to '03 timeframe. So when I look at that and when I look at the issue of -- and look at what happened in the last downturn, we tend to still think that in the long run, it's good to have a portfolio that is a little bit over represented in the group sector because we ultimately think that through a normal cycle, without the political rhetoric, the group will tend to hold up a bit better than transient well. Now as we look at next year, I think your question is a very good one. Clearly, this year, we've been experiencing better revenue growth on the transient side. Our transient activity and our transient demand is already ahead of where we were in '07. So in effect, you could argue using that as a peak, transient activity is back to where it was before. I would point out that at least in our portfolio, transient activity is not quite back to where it was in 2000. So there's -- I do think there's still room for growth on transient side. But I do think the opportunity for next year is on the group side. I mean, the reality is, as we've been seeing solid demand growth in the corporate segment, that's the most volatile segment of our group -- of our overall group business. And so I think seeing continued growth there is important to trying to drive an ultimately recovery in group. On the group side, we're still 9% to 10% below where we were in '07. We're not that far below in rate, but we're way behind in terms of room nights. So when I think about '12, I think that's the area where we have an opportunity for outperformance is group activity continues to improve.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Now I'm curious if they dovetail out in the negotiated rates. I mean, I don't know if do you find that there's a relationship, but if much of the strengths that people are talking about in corporate-negotiated business for 2012 seemed to do more in the rate side than the volume side. I guess, does that influence your thinking about how you think about group prospects next year, or did you find that there's not necessarily a correlation between the 2?
W. Edward Edward Walter: I don't know that I've necessarily seen a correlation. I mean, there probably is some correlation from the standpoint that if companies are comfortable in spending on the transient side, it would at least indicate a willingness to spend on the group side. We've seen tremendous growth in Special Corporate business over the course of the last 2 years. So I would expect that as you look at that opportunity next year, it tends to be more on the rate side than on the room night side simply because the demand piece of that has already been quite strong.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just one last question and I'll leave the floor. It's just -- thank you for your comments earlier on you outlook for RevPAR, but can you maybe give us a little more color just specifically on kind of what the negotiations for rate and volume have been from a negotiated rate side for 2012? And maybe relating to that, what your reaction was to Marriott's industry guidance for 2012? I know you made some remarks, but I'm just curious, did it strike you as reasonable and achievable given what you are already seeing in negotiated rates or did maybe their guidance seem like a stretch one way or the other?
W. Edward Edward Walter: I think it's still on the negotiated rate point. I think it's still fairly early to understand how that's going to play out. I think that the fact that we already have much stronger occupancy in the industry is a big plus relative to the whole negotiated rate discussions because as our properties either on an individual basis or through each operator are more and more comfortable about the level of occupancy that they have. The fact that they were comfortable about the level of group activity that they have on the books. All of that I think creates a better foundation for our side of this discussion to happen on because while we want Special Corporate business, we probably don't need it desperately as we did back when we were having these discussions in 2009. So I think that creates the right sort of atmosphere for these discussions to happen. Now where exactly they're going to play out. I think Arnie gave some color in his comments. I'm sure that Starwood and Hyatt will in the next few weeks. And they're one step closer to that process. So I mean, really what at this point we're watching, we're monitoring. We're cheering them on as they push for higher rates and we hope that they're able to achieve the higher rates. I think we've got the right sort of environment right now to be able to do get that. And I guess your other question was -- what was the second part of that?
Larry K. Harvey: Marriott's RevPAR guidance for next year.
W. Edward Edward Walter: Jeff, I don't know that I want to get too specific on that because at the end of the day, I think Marriott provided a fairly broad range of RevPAR outlook for the year that's dependent upon a series of different things. I mean, in general, I would say that looking at all the positive points that we laid out, that is if the event risk doesn't happen, I would certainly think that we would be comfortable in seeing numbers in those range. I mean, it's a broad range, but the bottom line is that, that we feel pretty good about next year as long as something doesn't kind of blow up and cause a problem that changes everybody's outlook. If it continues to track the way it is, I don't know why we don't see solid RevPAR growth next year.
Operator: We'll now hear from Ian Weissman with ISI Group.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on your outlook. I understand obviously, there's a backdrop of potential issues globally. But if things don't work out and the optimism changes, how much fat could you possibly cut out of the system, like the last time you're able to cut a lot of headcount in the front office. I mean, how well the property is operating and how much cost can you technically take out currently?
W. Edward Edward Walter: Ian, I would probably say in answering that question is that to the extent that the weakness that you're -- the potential weakness that you're describing comes in the form of reduced demand. And I think if it happens, that's the way it's going to show up. Then I think that there would be reductions that we could achieve at the properties that would be related to that demand. So at some level, if you start to see a meaningful falloff in occupancy, then you're going to see that you're going to go back and cut the hours that F&B outlets are open. You're going to end up with few housekeepers and you're going to end up with fewer managers than where we have right now. So I do think there's an opportunity to make additional cut. I don't know that I would necessarily -- I would suggest, though, that we could make the same level of cuts that we made in 2008 and 2009 because we have certainly been working hard with each of our operators to make certain that where we thought that -- where we thought they had cut fat last time, we haven't wanted that to return. So I think at the end of today, there is an opportunity to make reductions. Most of them would be demand related, but it's probably not to the same degree that we had last time.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Have you added a lot of headcount back to the properties at this point, or not yet?
W. Edward Edward Walter: Not a lot. I mean, I would -- I think, again, it depends upon where demand has gone. My guess is we have seen in our portfolio occupancies gone from about 66% up to around 72%, kind of a estimated full year basis. And so, as you think about that, my guess is the headcount at or roughly in line with that increase. I mean, it will probably -- at least in housekeeping and in certain manager functions. But still well below the levels where we were before.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And just 2 last questions. Rate growth was up 3.7% this quarter, but it trails the first and the second quarter which came in around 5%. Can we take that as the hotels are being a little bit more defensive in pushing rate last quarter just given the economic uncertainty?
W. Edward Edward Walter: I don't know that that's necessarily the case because I actually think that some -- within some of our segments sort of inside the transient and inside the group, we actually had very strong rate growth. So I think really more what you're seeing may be attributable less to broad trends and more to the fact that the business during the summer is a little bit more leisure focused. It's probably a little less-business focused. And consequently, part of what you saw was the discount segment versus the retail segment in transient was it grew a little bit more on a relative basis. And so it's not that you didn't -- you had good rate growth, but you didn't necessarily see as big of a benefit from mixed shift in Q3 as you have in other -- in some of the other quarters. I don't know that it's -- that we necessarily view it as a long-term trend.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And finally, brokers that I talked to say that private markets valuations are maybe down 5% or 7%, but there's not a lot of comps can necessarily test that thesis. If you were thinking about deals today, okay, and you were going to your deal model, how would things change, how would your underwriting change today as opposed to 3 months ago in terms of your growth?
W. Edward Edward Walter: It's a good question. Longer term, if you thought about RevPAR growth over a 7- to 10-year period, as we would look at the outlook today, it really wouldn't be much different from where it was before. I mean, I think we still feel pretty convinced about where -- the fact that the industry is in the right spot for a long-term recovery. And so I think we probably -- it would depend a lot on the individual market, but just like the industry experts are probably a bit more cautious about '12 now than they were, say, 6 months ago. My guess is that we would probably be a bit more cautious about '12. But as we would look out to the long term in terms of what we were expecting to see in individual markets, as we have looked at deals, we have continued to be comfortable that sort of the right type of dynamics are in place, to support long-term revenue and profitability growth, consistent with what we would have seen before. So I really don't look at what's happened in the near term is changing that. Now I think the other thing that has happened is probably relates to that 5% to 7% price reduction that you're describing is that, I suspect that a fair amount of that's on the buyer side, not the seller side because I'm not certain sellers have gotten there quite yet, relates to the fact that everybody's cost of capital has crept up a little bit. And so at the end of the day, we tend to want investors spread to our cost of capital that's going to affect how we're going to look at what we can afford to pay for our property.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: But it's safe to say that cap rates have backed up. I mean, obviously, cap rate on every deal is different, but I've heard as much as 50 to 75 basis points across some markets. Is that too aggressive?
W. Edward Edward Walter: I don't -- my suspect to that is could be true in certain markets. I would imagine that the cap rate differential has -- I don't know that it's moved a lot in the top gateway cities. And so I'm not really -- again, I would -- we both have to caution this discussion with the fact that there's just not been a lot of evidence about where deals are pricing because the markets turns erratically. It's really only been a 2.5 month phenomenon. But I don't know that there's been a big change in the major markets. I suspect that some of those comments could relate to the secondary markets which were starting to improve over the course of the spring. I think that, again, we're still getting feedback that there is still activity in those markets. But it would stand the reason that since they were the last to sort of feel the recovery and pricing, they also might likely be the first that might back away a little bit to the extent that some players are out of the market.
Operator: We'll take our last question from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I know the topic of 2012 group bookings have been beaten to death here. So I'll add one more question to that list. When you look at the 2012 group room nights on the books now, what percentage of your total anticipated group nights is that? Or does that represent -- how does that compare to history at this point?
W. Edward Edward Walter: We're at about -- Joe, we're at about right now, we're at about 55% of our -- what we would, at this point, estimate would be our total room nights for 2012. And I don't think that, that's too far off of where we would normally be. We would expect to get to the end of the year and be around 70% of our room nights for next year booked. So I think it's pretty consistent. I don't think there's any surprises in that front. I actually, to be honest, I hope that, that turns out to be lower, lower percentage of our group rooms for next year only from the standpoint that as I commented earlier, I continue to believe that the group side represents a real opportunity for us. And consequently, I'm hoping that we'll see outperformance in that segment of our business as well.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, one final question. The EBITDA impact from the Hurricane Irene in Philadelphia, D.C., New York, did you quantify that first, did I miss that?
Larry K. Harvey: It's about $4.5 million. $4.5 million to $5 million.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have for questions today. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Walter for any closing comments.
W. Edward Edward Walter: Well, thank you for joining us for the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you and appreciate all of your questions. We look forward to talking with you in February to discuss our year-end results and we'll give you a lot more detailed insights into 2012 at that point in time. Have a good remainder of your week. Thanks.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory Larson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy & Fund Management
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Inc. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder that today's program is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Greg Larson, Executive Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Larson: Well, thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2011. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our second quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here's Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another strong quarter of operating results, which were driven by improvements in transient demand and substantial average rate growth. We have also been successful in placing 2 great hotels located in very desirable markets under contract, one in our consolidated portfolio and one in our European joint venture fund.  First, let's talk about our second quarter results. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the second quarter increased 6.7%, driven by an improvement in our average rate of 5%, combined with an occupancy increase of 1.1 percentage points. Our average rate was $184, and our average occupancy was 75.2%.  As we discussed last quarter, we expected our operating results to be significantly impacted by substantial renovations at our Sheraton New York and Philadelphia Marriott hotels in the second quarter. Excluding results from these hotels, our RevPAR increase for the quarter would have been 7.6%. In addition, it is worth noting that our comparable hotel results do not include the performance of the $1.7 billion of acquisitions we have completed over the last 12 months, which are performing exceptionally well and have generated an average RevPAR increase of over 18% for the quarter.  Comparable hotel F&B revenue growth of 4.4% contributed to overall revenue growth of 5.6%. This increase, when combined with our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin increase of 115 basis points and our acquisition activity, resulted in a 25% increase in adjusted EBITDA to $313 million for the second quarter and a 30% increase in FFO per diluted share of $0.30. FFO for this quarter was negatively impacted by a $0.01 per share for acquisition and debt repayment costs, as well as a noncash impairment charge.  On a year-to-date basis, comparable hotel RevPAR increased 6.1% driven primarily by rate improvement. Total year-to-date comparable revenue growth of 5.2%, combined with operating profit margins that increased 65 basis points, resulted in a year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $457 million, representing an increase of 22% and FFO per diluted share of $0.41. Year-to-date, FFO per diluted share was negatively affected by $0.02, for acquisitions, debt repayment and impairment costs. Our business mix trends for the quarter were quite favorable as we saw strong demand increases from our higher-rated customer segment and solid rate growth across the board. Rate growth in Q2, driven by exceptional growth in transient demand, was the best we had seen since 2007. Overall, transient room nights for the quarter increased more than 3%, led by a nearly 7.5% increase in Special Corporate demand and a more than 3% increase in our Premium Corporate segment.  Reflecting the changes in our mix, discount room nights increased just over 1%. On the rate side, Special Corporate rate increases of more than 6% helped to improve our average transient rate by more than 5% leading to overall transient revenue growth of more than 8.5%.  Group demand for the quarter was essentially flat with last year, as increases in Corporate and association business were essentially offset by reductions in discount group. The growth on these higher-priced segments was even more pronounced in our luxury hotels, where they grew by more than 16%, leading to a luxury group room night increase of more than 8%. The combination of positive mix shift and rate increases in all 3 segments drove group rates up by 4.7%, which represents more than twice the rate of increase in Q1. Overall, group revenues were up by almost 4.5%.  Looking at the remainder of the year, our group booking pace continues to be positive with third quarter takes up more than 3% and fourth quarter up nearly 2%, and average rates are higher in both quarters. While not occurring at last year's accelerated pace, short-term bookings are still quite strong by historical standards, and we are seeing signs that the booking window is starting to lengthen, as our pace for 2012 is well ahead of last year's level.  In addition, our transient booking pace is quite strong. It reflects an average demand increase of more than 7% for the next 4 months. Stronger advanced bookings, especially at our larger hotels, is certainly a positive sign and will be very helpful at our -- in our hotel manager's efforts to push transient rates higher in the future.  On the investment front, we have 2 new transactions to discuss. First, as we reported this morning, we signed an agreement to acquire the 888-room Grand Hyatt Washington for $442 million. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown Washington, D.C., just 2 blocks from the city's Convention Center and convenient to over 40 million square feet of office space, the Verizon Center, the National Mall and the Smithsonian museums.  In addition, the hotel is located opposite of the city's old Convention Center site, which is being redeveloped into over 300,000 square feet of retail space, more than 1 million square feet of office space and 700 residential units. The hotel includes over 43,000 square feet of meeting space, including a 17,000-square-foot ballroom and an 8,500-square-foot junior ballroom. We are pleased to acquire another hotel in D.C., which is a historically top-performing market with a diversified demand base. Turning to our European joint venture. As we discussed last quarter, we completed an expansion of our joint venture through the establishment of a new fund, with approximately EUR 1 billion in investment capacity. As part of the expansion, we transferred the Le Mridien Piccadilly to this new fund in June.  In addition, the joint venture signed an agreement to acquire its first acquisition in France, the 396-room Pullman Bercy hotel for EUR 96 million. The hotel is located in Paris, near the banks of the Seine River, in a newly redeveloped neighborhood that includes high-end office buildings and one of Paris' largest railway stations and the French Ministry of Finance. The hotel has 17 media rooms, totaling more than 19,000 square feet. We will continue to look for acquisitions that meet our investment criteria and believe we are in a great position to take advantage of additional investment opportunities as they arise.  With that being said, given the unpredictability of the timing of these transactions, our guidance does not assume any additional acquisitions beyond those we announced. On the disposition front, our forecast assumes only the sale of South Bend Marriott in the third quarter, a noncore asset which required significant capital investment.  During the quarter, we invested $75 million in return-on-investment projects, including the completion of the first phase of our redevelopment project at the Sheraton New York and Sheraton Indianapolis hotels, as well as an updated and expanded meeting platform at the St. Regis in Houston. For the full year, we expect to spend $220 million to $240 million on these types of projects.  In terms of maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $71 million in the second quarter, which included a completion of the phase-one renovation of 991 rooms at the New York Marriott Marquis. We also concluded the renovation of the meeting space and main tower rooms at the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown. For the year, we expect to spend approximately $320 million to $345 million on maintenance capital expenditures.  Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Our performance in the second quarter was consistent with our expectations, and we are expecting improved performance in the second half of the year, due to less disruption from renovation at our hotels, an improving macroeconomic outlook relative to the first half of the year and solid group bookings for the third and fourth quarters. With that in mind and given that we are past the midpoint of the year, we have decided to tighten our forecast estimates.  For the full year, we expect comparable hotel RevPAR to increase 6% to 7.5% with adjusted operating profit margins increasing 90 to 120 basis points. This operating forecast, combined with our acquisition activity, will result in adjusted EBITDA of $1.020 billion to $1.050 billion. The midpoint of this guidance is $7.5 million higher than our first quarter estimate. We project FFO per diluted share of $0.87 to $0.91, which has been reduced by $0.03 per share for acquisitions, debt repayment and impairment costs.  Turning to our dividend. We increased our second quarter common dividend to $0.03 per share. As operations continue to improve, we expect to modestly increased the dividend over the next 2 quarters, resulting in a full year common dividend of approximately $0.14 to $0.15 per share.  In closing, while the overhang of uncertainty regarding national and international debt issues continues to cloud the economic outlook, the fundamentals of our business remain attractive. Transient demand has recovered to prior peak levels, and group demand continues to improve. As RevPAR is increasingly driven by improvements in average rate, margin growth and flow-through will accelerate. Additions to supply have been restrained and will likely remain well below historical levels for at least the next 3 years. Construction costs are beginning to increase again, which will further help limit new supply.  The combination of firming construction pricing and changes in our portfolio lead us to estimate the replacement cost for our portfolio at over $400,000 per key. Given that our current market valuation is roughly $260,000 per key, this suggests that there is a very solid upside for our market valuation over the next 2 years. We will continue to be aggressive but disciplined as we evaluate new investments to further enhance the value of our company.  Thank you, and now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Consistent with the first quarter, our top-performing market for the second quarter was San Francisco, with a RevPAR increase of 17%. Strong transient demand contributed to an occupancy increase of nearly 6 percentage points, which led to an improvement of 8.5% in ADR. The ADR growth was driven by both Corporate and Special Corporate rate increases. We expect RevPAR for our San Francisco hotels to continue to outperform our portfolio in the third quarter, due to excellent group and transient demand and further ADR increases. As expected, our hotels in Hawaii continued to perform exceptionally well, with a RevPAR increase of 16.5%. ADR increased nearly 15% due to a shift in the mix of business to higher-rated transient and group business. We expect Hawaii to slightly underperform the portfolio in the third quarter, due to some disruption from renovation activity.  Our Tampa hotels also had an excellent quarter, as RevPAR increased 15.7%, driven by more than an 8% improvement in ADR and a 5-percentage-point improvement in occupancy. Transient demand was exceptional. We expect our Tampa hotels to perform very well in the third quarter due to strong group bookings. Our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels had a great quarter, with RevPAR up 14.9%. ADR improved 5.6%, and occupancy increased nearly 7 percentage points as transient demand was very strong, allowing the hotels to increase ADR. We expect our Miami and Fort Lauderdale hotels to have a great third quarter and to outperform the portfolio because of strong group demand, which should drive a significant increase in ADR.  The Phoenix market continues to recover. RevPAR increased 11.3% as ADR improved nearly 10%, and occupancy increased 1 percentage point. The improvement in ADR was driven by both rate increases and a shift in the mix of business to higher-rated segments. We expect the Phoenix market to significantly outperform our portfolio in the third quarter, due to strong group demand and growth in both group and transient rates, particularly at the Westin Kierland, which will benefit from the new ballroom.  Our San Diego hotels had another good quarter with a RevPAR increase of 9.2%, which was much better than our expectations. The outperformance was driven by an occupancy improvement of nearly 7 percentage points as both transient and group demand increased. For the third quarter, we expect our San Diego hotels to underperform the portfolio due to lower levels of group business, which will result in weak transient pricing through the summer months.  RevPAR for our Chicago hotels increased by 6.7%, driven solely by improvements in average rate. Higher transient demand offset lower levels of group business, and our hotels benefited from a shift in the mix of transient business to higher-rated category. We expect the Chicago market to perform very well in the third quarter. Due to the continuing renovations at the New York Marriott Marquis and the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers, as well as the impact of additional supply in the city, RevPAR for our New York hotels increased only 2.9%, as ADR improved over 11% while occupancy fell roughly 7 percentage points. We expect RevPAR for our New York hotels to improve significantly for the rest of the year.  RevPAR for our Washington, D.C. hotels increased 2.5%. ADR increased nearly 4%, and occupancy fell roughly 1 percentage point. Results were affected by Congress' implementation of district weeks and continuing concerns surrounding the budget and debt ceiling, which led to less government and government-related group and transient business. Our urban hotels performed much better than the suburbs, with a RevPAR increase in excess of 5%. We expect the D.C. market to continue to underperform the portfolio in the third quarter. However, our urban hotels will continue to significantly outperform the suburban hotels.  RevPAR for our Boston hotels decreased 0.4%, with a slight increase in occupancy and a 1.2% drop in ADR. Results were negatively affected by the overall lack of citywide and group demand. Our Boston hotels are expected to continue to underperform the portfolio in the third quarter due to lower levels of group demand. Lastly, our worst-performing market for the second quarter was Philadelphia as RevPAR fell 2.4%, primarily due to the disruption from the renovation of the ballroom and guestrooms at the Philadelphia Marriott. RevPAR fell as occupancy declined over 8 percentage points, while ADR increased nearly 9%. We expect the Philadelphia market to outperform the portfolio in the third quarter as the renovation wraps up and group demand increases. Year-to-date, San Francisco has been our best-performing market with a RevPAR increase of 20.2%, followed by Hawaii with a RevPAR increase of 17.4%, San Diego with a 14.9% increase and Houston with an 11.6% increase. Our worst-performing markets have been Philadelphia with a RevPAR decrease of 7.5% and New York City with a 0.9% increase.  For our European joint venture, RevPAR, calculated in constant euros, increased 10.1% for the quarter as 7 of the 11 hotels had double-digit RevPAR increases, led by the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam, the Westin Europa & Regina and the Brussels Marriott. Occupancy increased 3.5 percentage points, and ADR increased over 5%. Group demand was quite strong as it increased over 14%, primarily to improvements in tour and travel group demand. Group ADR increased 4.1%, resulting in roughly a 19% increase in group revenues. Transient demand was up 1% and average rates were up over 6%, leading to a 7.4% increase in transient revenues. On a year-to-date basis, RevPAR calculated in constant euros improved 10%. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 115 basis points. The business disruption from our capital program continued to have a negative impact on our margins. The renovations of the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers and the Philadelphia Marriott reduced our margin growth for the quarter by 40 basis points.  Food and beverage flow-through was roughly 24% for the quarter. The renovation at the Sheraton and Philadelphia Marriott also had a significant negative impact on food and beverage flow-through, which would have been 10 percentage points higher, excluding those 2 hotels. Unallocated costs increased 4%. This increase was primarily driven by expenses that are variable with revenues, including credit card commissions, reward programs and cluster and shared-service allocation. Utility costs increased 5%.  Looking forward to the rest of the year, we expect the RevPAR increase to continue to be driven more by rate growth and occupancy, which should lead to strong rooms flow-through even with growth in wage and benefit cost above inflation. We expect some increase in group demand, as well as higher-quality groups, which should help to drive growth in banquet and audiovisual revenues and solid F&B flow-through. We expect unallocated costs to increase more than inflation, particularly for utilities, where we expect higher growth due to an increase in both rates and volume, and sales and marketing costs, where higher revenues will increase costs.  We also expect property taxes to rise in excess of inflation and property insurance to increase well in excess of inflation, due to increase in insurable values and premium increases in the second half of the year. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 90 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and increase 120 basis points at the high end of the range. In February, shortly after we closed on the acquisition of 7 hotels in New Zealand, the city of Christchurch experienced an earthquake that caused considerable damage. Two of the hotels in the acquired portfolio, a Novotel and an ibis, totaling 348 rooms, were damaged and are in the government-declared red zone that has limited access. The 2 properties represent less than 25% of the value of the portfolio. We have engaged structural engineers to prepare comprehensive formal assessments. Progress in the government-declared red zone is slow.  We are hoping that our properties will reopen in mid to late 2012. We believe we have adequate insurance as part of Accor's New Zealand insurance program to cover the property damage, and we recorded an expense in the second quarter of USD $3.2 million, which is the maximum amount of the deductible. Coverage period for business interruption is 36 months for the Novotel and 24 months for the ibis. While we ultimately expect to be compensated for the business interruption loss, we have not included any such proceeds in our result of operations or in our guidance.  During the quarter, we raised approximately $190 million under our continuous equity offering program to fund acquisitions. We also issued $500 million of senior notes that bear interest at 5 7/8% and have an 8-year maturity. These notes have the lowest coupon of any bond we have ever issued. In the second quarter, we used some of the bond proceeds to redeem the remaining $250 million of 7 1/8% Series K senior notes and repaid a $50 million draw on our credit facility.  We also called $150 million of our 2004 exchangeable debentures, $134 million of which were exchanged for approximately 8.8 million shares of our common stock and approximately $16 million of which were redeemed for cash after the end of the second quarter. We currently have $175 million of the 2004 exchangeable debentures outstanding.  Lastly, subsequent to quarter end, we transferred the Le Mridien Piccadilly and related property level debt to our European Joint Venture Fund II. When combined with the exchangeable debenture transaction and an additional $41 million credit facility repayment, our outstanding debt balance dropped approximately $300 million to $5.6 billion subsequent to quarter end.  We ended the quarter with over $630 million in cash and cash equivalents, and we have over $475 million of capacity on our credit facility, which matures in September of this year. But we have the right to extend the facility to September of 2012, as long as our leverage level is below 6.75x, a standard we are more than comfortable that we will achieve.  There is one last item worth noting related to the accounting for our deferred tax liabilities for our Euro JV Fund I. In conjunction with the establishment of the Euro JV Fund II, we extended the life of Fund I. The 5-year extension of the fund requires us to record an additional deferred tax liability in the third quarter. This additional liability is a noncash charge that reduces FFO by $5 million for our pro-rata portion of the JV's tax expense. Similar to all income statement items related to the JV, the charge will be reflected in the equity and earnings of affiliates, not in income tax expense in our statement of operations.  This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ryan Meliker, Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: I just had a quick question. I wanted to -- I was hoping you could talk a little bit about D.C. and, particularly, the acquisition that you made. I know Marriott last week came out saying that they expected D.C. to be somewhat soft over the next, I guess, 6 quarters or so. Obviously, Marriott is a little most exposed to suburbs, and you talked about the CBD being a little bit stronger. But can you just give us some indications as to how you're feeling about the CBD versus suburbs going forward and kind of how you got to your valuation, which seemed a little high at about $500,000 a key?
W. Edward Walter: Sure. Let's start with the market first. I mean, there's no doubt that the downtown area has outperformed the suburbs this year. I think as you -- I think Larry had made a comment in his comments that our RevPAR growth in the city was about twice the level that we had for the market overall. As we look at D.C. this year, it is obviously clear that D.C. is underperforming a bit. I think that there's a variety of reasons for that. I think, one, fundamentally, is that the D.C. market did not fall as much as a number of other markets, so there is less of a rebound effect there. I think that this year we've seen -- we have seen and felt the pain from all of the disarray in the federal government around both the budget issues that related to this year's budget, as well as the current concerns relating to extending the debt amount, that -- the debt ceiling, as well as what that may mean going forward. And the consequence of that uncertainty has been that government, which represents, call it, 15% to 20% of our business in the Washington area, government has not booked rooms, especially group rooms, at the level that they had in the past. And so as a result, we've seen a little bit of a group decline in Washington, and in most other markets, we've seen a little bit of a group increase. So I think that accounts for a large amount of the decline. But I think there is a weakness rather. And I think the other point to pick up, which some of you have already commented on is that this is as I already described, it's a little bit higher-government market than what we normally experience. And with government per diem rate down this year compared to last year, that's also been a little bit of a wind that D.C. is fighting against. Leaving out the problems for this year, we firmly believe that Washington is a great market to invest in. If you look at Washington over the course of, call it, the 10 years ending in '08, before we went into the downturn or the severe part of the downturn, Washington was really one of the best markets in the country to be invested in. Working its way through the downturn, it fell at -- it fell far less than any of the other markets across the country. It has recovered quickly. It is generally, at least for our portfolio, we are back to '07 levels. And as we look forward and look at Washington, while it is true that this year is a bit weaker, we see the outlook in a very positive fashion. The Convention Center that Washington has is one of the best on the eastern coast of the United States. It is the -- the projected bookings for that Convention Center, especially as you look out to '15, '16 and '17, are very attractive. Just as importantly, there's a lot of activity happening in downtown Washington that is make -- and some of that, I referenced in my comments, is happening immediately across the street from our new asset. There's a lot going on that's making Washington a more exciting city and more of a 24-hour city, all of which we think is only going to drive better results in our hotels over the course of the next decade. So at the end, that clearly Washington's going through a little bit of a soft patch. I think next year -- election years are actually tend to be decent in Washington, but I think the current next year that we'll be fighting is a little bit weaker convention business. But I think once you get past '12, we are very optimistic about the outlook for the future beyond that. Speaking specifically about the hotel, we think we've got a great hotel in one of the best locations in Washington. From our perspective, looking at owning that much of fee-simple property in the heart of D.C., we think that we're buying this at probably a 10% discount to replacement cost, and that's a little bit richer than where some of the other transactions we have done have been completed at. But now the other thing I would point out with this particular acquisition is, you may remember, that we also own the Capitol Hill Hyatt. And one of the benefits, we think, we see of owning the 2 hotels is as we've been able to do in other markets, we think there will be an opportunity, especially because it's the same brand, to take advantage of some synergies, combine some positions and enhance cooperation between the hotels, which will not only help this hotel but will also help our other Hyatt over on New Jersey Avenue.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: Great. And are both hotels operated by Hyatt?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, they are.
Operator: And next we'll take a question from Ian Weissman, ISI.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc.: Yes. Maybe you could talk a little about potential dislocation of demand, if you're seeing any, in Europe with talks of sovereign debt crisis in Italy and potential double dip in Europe.
W. Edward Walter: It's interesting is that, as Larry commented in his comments, that our RevPAR in Europe was up 10%, and I think it's 10% for the quarter and about 10% for the year. So that's actually been stronger performance in Europe than what we have seen in the United States. So despite the fact that those talks -- those issues have been out there for quite some time, the performance in Europe, both in the southern markets, Spain and Italy, which are some of the countries that get talked about, as well as the northern markets, has been quite strong. I would say, in general, that one of the reasons why we're seeing that is that in the northern European countries, I think the results are driven a little bit more by stronger economic growth. In the southern European countries, despite the economic concerns that those countries have and the fact that they are caught up in some of the same issues that Greece is facing, although not yet quite to the same degree, those markets, the lodging industry, is also driven by, to a great degree, by tourism. And as a result, we've seen a big increase in tour groups throughout Europe this year. I think that a better economy in the rest of the world has ultimately contributed to better results in Europe. So I think we may see that trend moderate a little bit for the second half of the year, only as we start to move out of the tourist seasons. But the bottom line is that, so far, we got our fingers crossed on this, Europe seems to be holding up relatively well.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group Inc.: And finally, one last question. You obviously are in the market for acquisitions. REITs have accounted for 60-plus percent of the deal so far this year. As you're underwriting new deals today and especially obviously looking at the D.C. acquisition, are you seeing more private capital competing for deals, or is it still a REIT market?
W. Edward Walter: I would say it's a little spotty. I think there are some transactions that where -- that we have looked at where our sense is that private capital has become a more aggressive player. Generally, I think it has been the REITs, and so -- or as you were commenting. They've been the majority of the transactions this year. As the debt markets improve, we would expect to see private capital become an increasingly competitive player in the acquisition world.
Operator: Our next question will come from Felicia Hendrix, Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Ed, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you have seen an increased booking curve. I was just wondering if you could quantify that a little bit, and what is it typically in a normalized environment?
W. Edward Walter: It's so hard right now, Felicia, to kind of -- to put like days around how far advanced bookings happen, but I think what -- maybe I'd describe it maybe a little bit more of a qualitative way, which is, last year, what we were finding is that we were typically running behind the prior year's pace until about 90 days out, and then our bookings in that last 90 days before our quarter was going to begin were incredibly robust. And that usually what was driving that subsequent quarter to turn out to be better than the prior year. This year, what we have found is that we are -- that we're coming into every quarter ahead of where we have been. But the bookings in that quarter, while they're still well ahead of what we would have had in '06 and '07 and a magnitude of 40% to 50% better than what we would have had in those prior years, well, they not quite as robust as last year. But the bookings, looking further out, say, looking 2 quarters out, 3 and 4 quarters out, have been stronger. And so I think while you'll still get -- if you talk to an individual GM, they will all tell you that it's still a short booking cycle. And they're right because they're all booking more than the normal amount of business in a relatively near-term time period to when the event happened. The reality is that as you look at the data, more and more rooms are being booked 6 months, 9 months, 12 months out as we start slowly to work our way to back to a more normal booking cycle.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then is that part of the reason why your guidance is what it is now? Because the second half definitely implies some improvement, and you also touched on that a bit in terms of your view of the economy. But is that part of it, or are there other things, too, that give you confidence in your second half guidance?
W. Edward Walter: I think there's a couple of things that gives us kind of confidence in our second half guidance. The first is if you leave out the renovation impacts on the 2 hotels that we've been commenting on, the Sheraton New York and Philadelphia Marriott, and you look at our performance in the first half of the year, we were running at a RevPAR rate in the first half that was over 7%. So as we think about the second half of the year and we recognize that our renovation disruption should go down a bit, we think it's -- just as -- just to run at the same level as the first half would suggest that the second half of the year is going to run over 7%. I think as we also feel that as we look at the group booking pace as it carries into the second half of the year, it does seem to be a little bit stronger. The rate does seem to be growing. So that gives us a fair amount of confidence that things should be a little bit better. The trickiest part of this whole process is to try to assess the economy. If you look at the blue-chip consensus and use that as, at least, a measure of how folks are looking at the economy, they're essentially calling for better than 3% GDP growth in the second half of the year compared to about 2% in the first half of the year. So if that's true, that should clearly help us in general because, of course, our industry is dependent on economic growth. As we look at business investment, while that -- while the outlook for business investment is a bit more conservative than where it was at the beginning of the year, it is still quite robust. That, in our mind, has been one of the factors behind a strong transient demand and rate growth that we've seen. Now we don't see any reason why that's going to slow a little bit. So I think at the end of the day, you put all those factors together and especially as you look at the fourth quarter, which is where our forecast are showing the most strength, we generally think that we're going to be in much better shape in the second half of the year than in the first.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: That's really helpful. And just finally, when -- over the past year, you've had some pretty robust acquisition activity. And obviously, a lot of those hotels aren't in your comp set yet for RevPAR. But as they anniversary and they come in, in the third and fourth quarter, I was just wondering if you could take a stab at how that might affect your RevPAR outlook?
W. Edward Walter: Just to clarify, we have a very conservative approach to what constitutes a comparable hotel, so the reality is that those hotels won't come into our comp set until we've actually owned them for a full calendar year. So they then -- unfortunately, because of how well they've been performing, those hotels want -- won't be coming in, in the third and fourth quarters, despite the fact that we will have owned them for 12 months. I can tell you though that in a rough justice sort of way, if those hotels were in our comp set right now, we would -- our RevPAR results would be about 1 point higher.
Operator: And Joe Greff of JPMorgan has the next question.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Ed, earlier you had mentioned that 2012 group pace is in excess of what it was a year ago for 2011. Can you comment on the pricing on the 2000 and -- group business on the books? How much higher is the ADR relative to what you're experiencing in 2011 group?
W. Edward Walter: What I would tell you right now is that the -- we're probably up 6% to 7%, in terms of group bookings for '12. The bulk of that increase is in occupancy, not in rate. Rate is up. But one of the trends that we've been seeing for most of this year that the -- we're seeing more rate improvement as we get closer to the actual quarter in which, at least -- which suggests what's happening is as we get closer to the bookings that we're doing in the real short term are apparently coming in at better rates than some of the longer-term business that we had booked. And if you think about some of the business that's happening in '12, a lot of that would have been booked during some of those weaker time periods in 2009. So it's probably not surprising to see that rates are improving.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, great. And I know it's probably early in the game for this, but maybe directionally, you can help us understand how you're thinking about ROI capital investment in 2012. And with regard to the Washington, D.C. Grand Hyatt asset, does that property need any capital investment?
W. Edward Walter: I would -- we're about to go through, we probably start in about 2 weeks, the -- our capital planning process for 2012. So I will be in a much better position to answer that question for next year. I think you should assume -- though in general, both of our ROI CapEx will be meaningful next year, just because some of the projects that we started this year carry into 2012. The Grand Hyatt is in pretty good physical condition. There was a fair amount of work that was done there a couple of years ago. So I think, all in all, as we look out over the next 3 years, we're looking at spending somewhere between $10 million and $12 million. So there's nothing material that's associated with that acquisition that we feel we need to do. One of the -- one of our opportunities, which is the one place where this could probably could get more expensive is that we would -- do want to carefully think through the food and beverage platform at that hotel. And some of the changes that are happening in the immediate neighborhood offer us some opportunities to, perhaps, generate higher profit in -- to put in restaurants or other activities that might be better profit generating to what we have today. But some of that, we got to get into the property and assess how quickly things are going to happen in the neighborhood to determine how quickly to move on those items.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Smedes Rose, KBW Financial.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I guess I wanted to ask you a little bit. You've mentioned you don't have a lot of dispositions in the works for this year. But as you look at some of your noncore assets, what is demand like in those secondary and even tertiary markets? We know it's obviously very strong in the tier 1 markets, but what's -- are there a lot of buyers in those secondary markets here, or is it improving quarter-to-quarter?
W. Edward Walter: Smedes, I would say there's still not a lot of evidence of transactions happening in those markets. But I think overall, our sense is that things are slowly but surely picking up. A lot of this starts on the financing side, and I think the indications that we've been getting is that the lenders who initially were only focused on the top 5 or 8 markets have now realized that -- gotten more comfortable with the overall level of a recovery and they're starting to expand out into other markets, which is then creating a basis for transactions in secondary markets to happen. So as we look forward, we will most likely be marketing at least a few properties in the fall. And as we think about '12 and '13, we're hoping that we're going to be able to accelerate our sales pace. That will involve a number of deals in secondary markets, and we're anticipating that the levels of demand in those markets will have improved.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And then you've -- you -- sorry, I wanted to ask you about your CapEx thoughts for next year, which you kind of answered. But I mean, are there -- I mean, do you see any kind of, this kind of top-to-bottom renovation programs that will start taking place next year or is it really more just finishing up the ones that are underway, which I guess are like San Diego and Philly and New York or...
W. Edward Walter: At this point, I don't think we've identified any other hotel besides really the 5 or 6 that we have that are going through this. I'd add Chicago O'Hare, Atlanta Perimeter, Sheraton Indianapolis to that mix, in addition to the one in New York and the San Diego property. But I -- it's -- there's -- I won't rule out that something like that might not be logical. At this point, we don't have anything that we've identified specifically.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jim Sullivan, Cowen and Company.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: Ed, just kind of a follow-up question, I guess, on -- in terms of your prepared comments on New York. You attributed the very weak occupancy there to the combination of new supply, as well as the renovation activity. And I know this is a difficult thing to do, but can you -- if you think about each of those separately, how much of the 500 to 600 basis point occupancy decline would you attribute to the supply variable?
W. Edward Walter: Jim, I don't -- I think it's tricky to try to carve that up a little bit between the 2 -- between the different factors. Supply in New York is up 4% to 5% this year, if I remember correctly. So I -- certainly, that has be to be causing a point or 2 of disruptions. I don't know that it would be more than that. I think some of that depends a little bit also -- I think that effect was probably a little heavier at the beginning of the year than it was in the second and third quarter, as occupancies start to pick up and are naturally stronger in the city and carry into the fourth quarter, where a lot of our hotels are full all year long. I think the effect of the supply becomes less important. In the first quarter, where occupancies are traditionally the lowest in New York, I think the supply increase was a bit more impactful.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: And so as you think about the outlook for RevPAR growth beyond the second half of this year looking out to 2012 and 2013, do you look at that supply that you cited, the 4% to 5% growth, in room count in the market as something that'll have minimal impact on the RevPAR growth outlook for that 2-year period?
W. Edward Walter: I would think as you start to get into '12 and '13, it is definitely less of a problem.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Can you also update us on the spend and the timing at the Helmsley in New York?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, the overall dollar amount that we're projected to spend, net of contributions from our operators, in the $65 million to $70 million range. Our plan at this point is to start construction in the fall of this year, and then we would hope to be done sometime in the second quarter of 2012.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Then a final question in terms of asset valuation, EBITDA multiples, whichever metric you like to use. When you think about acquisition opportunities in New York versus acquisition opportunities in D.C., how would you compare or contrast the warranted multiples that you'd be willing to pay?
W. Edward Walter: That'll, I would say generally, I would expect to be -- still be a little bit higher on the multiple in New York than the multiple in D.C. If you're talking about properties of a -- sort of similar properties and similar locations that don't have a particular story about them. And I think that really would just be a driver of the fact that as you would look out to '12 and '13, we would be expecting to see somewhat stronger RevPAR growth and profitability growth in New York, in part, because New York fell so much more than D.C.
Operator: Next up, we'll take a question from Shaun Kelley, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: I'd say that most of my questions have been answered, but I did want to go back to the group business point for just a quick second. So I guess the question I have is group revenues were up 4.5% in this quarter, if I caught it correctly. Could you just remind us of where group pace was coming into the quarter, and then how that -- just so we can kind of get a sense of how the group pace numbers you gave again for 3Q and 4Q should kind of play out?
W. Edward Walter: Shaun, I don't have that right in front of me. But my recollection is that the revenue number came in relatively close to where -- if the revenues were ahead at the beginning of the quarter. I think what we've found is that we ended up with a little bit fewer room nights than what we saw. I think we were positive on the room night side coming into the quarter, and we booked less in the quarter for the quarter than we had the prior year. So that declined a bit. But the good news is that as the business all shifted around, the overall rate improvement that we experienced in the second quarter was better than we had forecasted. So we ended up with -- in roughly 4.5% revenue improvement that we had. I should note, too, is I don't want to overdo the commentary regarding Sheraton in New York and Philadelphia. But as I have found in trying to understand how we're doing is that sometimes pulling those assets out, just because of the level of disruption there, gives me better insight as to how the company is doing. If you look at the group side and you take those 2 assets out, what you find is the group demand was up over a point. Leaving out those 2 assets, then the overall revenue growth was higher than what I described, in part, because both of those hotels are big group hotels, especially Philadelphia. And they just weren't able to do the level of group business that they normally would have done. So as you think about the -- your question, which I think is a really good one to think about it for the third and fourth quarter, what I would probably be expecting is that we might find that, in the third quarter, our group room nights is a little less than the 3% we're running ahead right now, although we have healthy rates -- rate growth in the third quarter. So I think bottom line is that the overall results for the third quarter for group should be fairly positive. The fourth quarter I would still expect to see continuing a trend that we've seen all year. I would like to expect that we will find that there'll be more rooms booked going into the fourth quarter when we're talking to you in October than what we have right now, because the pace sort of that quarter out or so has still been pretty good. So I would expect to see some additional strength in the fourth quarter.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's really helpful, Ed. And then I guess the only other thing was just as you think about the renovation that obviously you guys are doing these in anticipation of probably getting some kind of additional or incremental performance. But just getting those hotels back in kind of into the overall mix should boost your RevPAR, at least, in the New York and Philadelphia area. So I guess what I'm wondering is have you -- kind of implicit in your forecast, is there additional improvement coming out of those hotels because of the renovations? Or is it simply that they go back to market averages, and that if there was additional upside based on what you spend that, that wouldn't really be contemplated in what you're guiding to today?
W. Edward Walter: You know what? As it relates to Sheraton in New York, we're sort of -- we're only about halfway through the process there. So we are looking at -- we expect to see good RevPAR growth from that hotel for the rest of the year. Some of that is New York. Some of that is the fact that the new rooms that we've done at that hotel is spectacular, especially compared to the rooms that we've had before. So there I think we are probably getting some of the lift out of the work we're doing. In the case of Philadelphia, one point I want to clarify is that we finished the main tower, the main building, which is the bulk of the hotel rooms there. But we still have the expansion that we did in that hotel about a decade ago called The Headhouse. We still have the rooms to do there. So Philadelphia will not be completely done until the fourth quarter. I think the combination of the new rooms and the new meeting space is clearly going to make that hotel that much more attractive, and so we'll see some good lift. It's unfortunate, in some ways, that the timing of this renovation -- we've been doing the Philadelphia renovation to be ready for the expansion of the Convention Center, and a tremendous amount of group business is going to hit next year. This year has also turned out to be a very solid year in Philadelphia. And I think Larry had told me that if you pulled Philadelphia, our Philadelphia hotel out of our Philadelphia result, our Philadelphia RevPAR would be up 9% in this past quarter. So it gives you a sense of the pain we're feeling to have the construction going on at this point in time. But at the end of the day, it was better to be ready for next year than it was to delay the renovation and then hurt yourself from what we think will be a very strong group year, especially when we have the best situated group hotel in the market for convention business.
Operator: And next we'll hear from David Loeb, Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I wonder if you could just give us a little more color on the Hyatt acquisition. Can you give us any information on what you think the multiple was that you paid for? What you think the first year yield is? And how do you expect to fund that acquisition?
W. Edward Walter: David, I would tell you that the multiple was just under 14% based on 2011. So it's in the same range of the other acquisitions of this caliber of a more stabilized asset that we've made. In terms of -- I think in terms of next year, we had -- I don't think I want to get into disclosing our -- what our expected yields are for next year. I -- you should take some insight from my comments that we're not necessarily expecting tremendous growth in Washington in 2012 into account.
Larry Harvey: David, we're going to fund it through -- we have $630 million -- a little over $630 million of cash on the balance sheet. So as you know, we did the bond deal in the quarter. So we've raised some capital there, and we also -- our intent is to assume a mortgage on that hotel as part of the acquisition. So that's where the financing for the acquisition will come from.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So you do expect to keep that mortgage? It was sort of vague in the release.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, well, I think it was vague for a reason. We're -- our goal would be to keep it, but we are in discussions with the lender, and that is not fully determined at this point in time. So I think it would be handy to be able to take advantage of the existing mortgage, but on the other hand, it's not, as Larry detailed in his commentary, about some [ph] of our cash position, if it -- if that we ultimately cannot assume it, then we will close all cash and be happy with that result, too.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And you have the cash pretty clearly, but you don't have a ton of cash left. What's -- nor availability in the line of credit. What's your expectation for how you might fund future acquisitions? Would that be from additional debt, secured debt and other unsecured offering or further ATM...
W. Edward Walter: Yes, let me clarify one point. I mean, we have, I think Larry said, over $475 million of availability on the line of credit. So we do have pretty good liquidity on the line of credit. I think going forward, we would generally be expecting to fund transaction through a mix of equity, most likely on the ATM Program and then debt. And as we're starting to get to a point where I think we may start -- we're starting to generate some cash flow from operations, too, which would also contribute to the mix. And then the last thing to take into account, I mean, just -- we haven't made an incredible amount of progress on this front yet, but we are going to be selling more assets. So as you start to look out into '12 and '13, I think we will be -- we're looking less at external sources of cash and more and effectively internally generated, either from ops or from sales, is the way to fund acquisitions.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And I wasn't trying to be critical, because it certainly is an impressive array of acquisitions that you've made this year. It's just that you're getting down to it, you're not in the same position you were at the beginning of the year, pretty clearly.
W. Edward Walter: No, you're exactly right about that. Larry's getting sweaty just listening to you talk about that.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: He's thinking about the next $1.7 billion of acquisitions. Great.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one further question today. That'll come from Josh Attie, Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc: Can you talk about how you expect RevPAR growth to break out between the third and fourth quarters? I think we all probably assume that the fourth quarter is a little better, but maybe you can quantify how much stronger in your internal forecast you expect the RevPAR growth to be.
W. Edward Walter: Josh, I'm going to shy away from giving what would end up being specific guidance on the quarter, because we've just made a policy decision not to do that at this point. But I think you've correctly analyzed it, that we would expect the fourth quarter to be stronger than the third quarter. I think that there's -- probably, I would have 2 basic reasons for that. One is that I think that the current issues that are floating around out there probably have a little bit more effect on Q3 than Q4, and I think the economic outlook for Q4, for most people, seems to be a bit more positive. The other point that I would make on that is that not only do we expect the renovations that we've been doing this year to moderate a bit, at least in terms of the 2 significant projects that we've been identifying, but as you circle back to last year, you may or may not remember that our investment spend, our capital spend in Q4 of last year was considerably larger than what we had done in Qs 1 through 3. And so as we think about overlapping that year with the fourth quarter of 2011, we sort of view it that there was construction disruption last year. That was one of the reasons why our fourth quarter was a little bit weaker than you might have anticipated, given the way the rest of the year had played out. We will get the benefit of that sort of relative weakness as we come into the fourth quarter of this year. So for both of those reasons, we would expect the fourth quarter to be stronger, and I think the big question is going to be how much.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc: And so -- maybe thinking about the renovation disruption separately. The renovation disruption you said was 1.5 of RevPAR for the first half of the year. Will there be some impact on the -- from the renovations in the third quarter, and then that level of disruption subsides in the fourth quarter? Is that the right way to think about it?
W. Edward Walter: There'll be a little bit in the third quarter for 2 reasons. If you'll have Philadelphia still finishing up its last set of rooms, so that has some drag, and an overall level of capital in the system is a little bit stronger in general. So I think we'll see the third quarter is little bit better than the second quarter, then I'd expect to see the fourth quarter to be meaningfully stronger than that.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Gregory Larson: Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insights into the -- how this year is playing out when we do our third quarter call in October.  Have a great day, and enjoy the rest of the summer. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Larry Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory Larson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy & Fund Management
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Inc. First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, Mr. Larson.
Gregory Larson: Well, thank you. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2011. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our first quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions.  And now, here's Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another solid quarter of operating performance. Increased pricing strength during the quarter resulted in our strongest average rate growth since 2007. Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and accordingly, we are reconfirming our RevPAR guidance for the full year, and as a result of our acquisition activity, slightly increasing our earnings and adjusted EBITDA guidance. But before I get to our outlook, let's talk specifically about our first quarter results. First quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels increased 5.4%, driven by an increase in average rate of 4.8% combined with an increase in occupancy of 0.4 percentage points. While these results were in line with our expectations, our reported RevPAR increase was negatively affected by substantial renovations at both our Sheraton New York and Philadelphia Marriott hotels, where RevPAR declined approximately 18% for the quarter. In addition, it is worth noting that due to the timing of our reporting period, our first quarter does not include the operating results for a significant portion of the portfolio for the month of March, which was the strongest month of the quarter. Comparable hotel RevPAR for the calendar quarter, omitting the 2 very disruptive renovations, increased 8.4%. Our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins, which declined by 10 basis points, were meaningfully impacted by year-over-year increases in property level bonuses, significant increases in state-assessed payroll taxes, and a reduction in cancellation fees. Larry will give you more insight into each of those issues in his comments.  Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $144 million, an increase of 14% over last year. Our first quarter FFO per diluted share of $0.11 was negatively impacted by $0.01 of acquisition costs associated with successful transactions. Overall, we are pleased with our operating results and the progress we are seeing in lodging fundamentals. First quarter demand displayed the same positive trends we experienced in the second half of last year, as group demand continued to increase and transient demand shifted to higher-price customers. Operating results in the quarter were negatively affected by poor weather conditions in the Northeast and the threatened government shutdown. Overall, average rate growth was better than we expected, as we continue to narrow the gap from peak rate levels of 2007. Starting with our Transient segment, business trends continued to be positive with an overall average rate increase of 6.2% for the quarter, driven by an 8% increase in our Premium and Corporate segments and a 5-plus percentage increase in our Special Corporate segment, while overall transient demand slipped by 0.7%. Demand within these more highly rated segments was up more than 5%. Discount room nights fell 6% as hotels relied less on lower-rated channels and we were able to replace this business with higher-rated corporate demand. The net result was an increase in Transient revenue of 5.4%. Turning to our Group business, we benefited from a demand increase of 4% at an average rate increase of more than 2%, resulting in an overall Group revenue increase of 6.4%. The main driver for these results was a 24% increase in demand from our higher-rated Corporate Group business, as that segment continues to recover ground lost in the downturn. Our Association business, which has longer booking lead times, was off this quarter by 17%, but it is expected to recover significantly over the course of the remainder of the year. Every segment of our Group business experienced average rate growth, and all but the Corporate segment are now exceeding 2007 rate levels. However, given that overall group demand is still more than 13% behind 2007 level, we are still expecting to see increasing Group business drive our recovery. Looking at the remainder of the year, our booking pace outlook improved over the course of the quarter, especially in March, and exceeds 2010 and our booking pace from last quarter. We expect overall Group revenues to increase meaningfully this year as the increased booking pace is complemented by progressively increasing average rate growth throughout the remainder of the year. On the investment front, we are pleased to announce on this call that we literally just signed an agreement to acquire a 75% interest that includes a 12% return on the 364-room Hilton Melbourne South Wharf Hotel. The total purchase price for the hotel is approximately $150 million, including an $86 million mortgage loan, which leads to a Host equity investment of $49 million. The hotel is a newly built high-quality asset managed by Hilton. It's located in the South Wharf section of Melbourne, one of Australia's most important commercial and tourism centers. The property is an integral part of the broader complex of the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre, which provides direct access over 484,000 square feet of meeting space, and which is located in a very rapidly developing area of the city. Australia's natural resource economy benefits from the tremendous growth in the Asia-Pacific region, and Melbourne is its most dynamic convention market. As a result, we are very excited about the acquisition and for the potential for outperformance by this hotel. In addition, as we announced this morning, we signed an agreement with our partners in the existing European venture to form a second fund with a total equity commitment of EUR 450 million. Host will own a 1/3 interest in this second fund and will serve as its general partner and asset manager. Assuming roughly 55% leverage, the new fund will be party to acquire approximately EUR 1 billion worth of hotels. As part of the formation of the new venture, Host is contributing the Le Meridien Piccadilly for a transfer price of GBP 64 million, which reflects our costs related to the acquisition of the hotel, including the purchase price transaction costs and other costs related to the acquisition. In addition, the second fund will assume the debt encumbering the hotel. We are pleased with our acquisition activity so far this year which, including the acquisitions we announced in February, total more than $1 billion. And we continue to believe that we are in a great position to take advantage of additional investment opportunities as they arrive. We have a strong pipeline of acquisition opportunities and do expect that we will purchase additional hotels during 2011.  With that being said, recognizing the unpredictability of the timing of completing acquisitions, our guidance does not assume any additional acquisitions beyond those we announced. So the $150 million acquisition that you see in our forecast is essentially the deal that we just talked about this morning. During the quarter, we invested approximately $46 million in redevelopment and return on investment projects. As a result of the completion of the majority of the extensive renovations at our San Diego Marriott Marquis & Marina hotel, the property earned the premier Marriott Marquis distinction. The renovations included completely remodeled guestrooms, an updated lobby, a state-of-the-art fitness center which overlooks the vibrant and recently expanded and remodeled pool area. We are extremely pleased with the result of this renovation and expect the hotel to benefit from this investment over the next several years.  We are also in the midst of a comprehensive renovation at the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers, including a complete rooms renovation and major mechanical and HVAC upgrade. This is the first step in the redevelopment of this hotel, which will also include renovating the meeting space plus the food and beverage outlets. For the full year, we expect to spend approximately $230 million to $250 million on these types of projects. In terms of the maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $48 million in the first quarter. The most significant project is the $56 million comprehensive room, bathroom and meeting space renovation at the Philadelphia Marriott Convention Center Hotel which will be completed in May, and which will position the property to take full advantage of a strong convention calendar in 2012. Other important projects that were completed this quarter include ballroom renovations at the Sheraton Boston and the Hyatt Regency Washington on Capitol Hill, as well as the rooms renovation at the San Antonio Marriot Rivercenter Hotel. For the full year, we expect to spend $300 million to $325 million on maintenance capital expenditures. On the disposition front, we anticipate that activity will begin to expand beyond just the major market, and we are reviewing our portfolio for likely sale candidates. We expect that our disposition activity will pick up in the second half of 2011 and become even more active in '12 and '13. With that being said, our guidance currently does not assume any dispositions. Now let me spend some time on our outlook for 2011. We remain optimistic that the economy will continue to pick up steam this year. As the recovery continues, we expect demand to remain strong and average rates to keep improving as our business mix shifts to higher-rated business segments. Given that our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and that booking pace is continuing to improve, we expect comparable hotel RevPAR will increase 6% to 8% for the year, with adjusted margins increasing 100 to 140 basis points.  It is worth noting that we expect the second half of the year will exhibit better relative performance than the first half on both the RevPAR and margin fronts, as we expect to be more significantly affected by renovation work in the first and second quarters, and we anticipate that pricing will be better during the latter stages of the year. This operating forecast, combined with our recent acquisition activities and improved projections for our previously announced acquisitions, will result in adjusted EBITDA of $1.01 billion to $1.045 billion, and FFO per share of $0.88 to $0.93.  Turning to our dividends, we increased our first quarter common dividend to $0.02 per share. As our operations continue to improve, we expect to modestly increase the common dividend over the next 3 quarters, with the expectation of a full year common dividend of $0.10 to $0.15 per share. I am pleased to say that the lodging recovery is continuing to gain momentum. Our portfolio is well positioned to take advantage of these strong operating trends over the next several years and combined with low supply, we would expect strong earnings growth.  Thank you. And now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Our top-performing market for the first quarter was San Francisco, with a RevPAR increase of 24.3%. Strong Group and Transient business contributed to an occupancy increase of over 7 percentage points. The incremental demand and related compression led to improvement of over 12% in ADR. We expect RevPAR for our San Francisco hotels to continue to outperform our portfolio in the second quarter due to excellent group and transient demand and further ADR increases. Our San Diego hotels had another great quarter, with a RevPAR increase of 22.6% driven by an ADR increase of nearly 9% and an occupancy improvement of 8 percentage points, as both Transient and Group performed well. For the second quarter, we expect our San Diego hotel to underperform the portfolio due to fewer citywides and overall reduced group demand, only partially offset by improvements in transient demand and rates. RevPAR at our Hawaiian hotels increased 18.7% due to occupancy improvements of nearly 6 percentage points, primarily driven by incremental group demand and a nearly 10% increase in ADR. We expect Hawaii to have an outstanding second quarter due to further improvements in group and transient demand, as well as increases in ADR. The New Orleans Marriott performed very well, with a 14.6% improvement in RevPAR. Even with fewer citywide events, group demand increased 15%. Occupancy increased over 4 percentage points and ADR improved over 8%, as the hotel benefited from a positive shift in our transient mix of business. We expect the New Orleans market to underperform the portfolio in the second quarter due to a decline in group demand. Our Phoenix hotels officially turned the corner with a RevPAR increase of 7.6%, as ADR improved by over 12% while occupancy decreased roughly 3 percentage points. The improvement in ADR was driven by both rate increases and the shift in the mix of business to higher-rated segments. We expect the phoenix market to outperform our portfolio in the second quarter due to strong corporate group demand and ADR gains. RevPAR for our Boston hotels increased 6.9%, even with the Sheraton Boston's meeting space being renovated and bad weather conditions, which affected both transient and group demand. ADR increased nearly 4%, and occupancy increased 1.5 percentage points. Our Boston hotels are expected to underperform the portfolio in the second quarter due to the reduced citywide demand and the displacement of business as we wrap up our meeting space renovation at the Sheraton Boston.  Due to a reduction in citywide events and a rooms renovation at the San Antonio Rivercenter, our San Antonio hotels struggled in the quarter with RevPAR improving only 1.3%, as rate was essentially flat and occupancy increased roughly 1 percentage point. We expect our San Antonio hotels to have a great second quarter and to outperform the portfolio because of strong group demand, which should drive a significant increase in ADR. Due to renovations at the New York Marriott Marquis and the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers, as well as poor weather and the impact of additional supply in the city, RevPAR in New York decreased 2.5% as occupancy fell roughly 7 percentage points and rate increased nearly 8%. With the renovations continuing into the second quarter, we expect our New York hotels to continue to underperform our portfolio. However, we do believe that our New York hotels will have a great third and fourth quarter.  Lastly, our worst performing market for the first quarter was Philadelphia, as RevPAR fell 14.3%, primarily due to the disruption from the renovation of ballroom and guest rooms at the Philadelphia Marriott. The hotel experienced a RevPAR decline of nearly 23% in the quarter. The Philadelphia market will continue to struggle in the second quarter due to the renovation of the hotel, which is expected to be completed in August of this year. However, we expect our Philadelphia hotels to have a strong second half of the year. We are also very pleased with the performance of our 2010 acquisitions, as the 4 hotels experienced average RevPAR growth in excess of 11%. For our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 9.9% for the quarter, as 5 of the 11 hotels had double-digit RevPAR increases, led by the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam, the Westin Palace Madrid and the Westin Palace Milan. Occupancy increased 2.7 percentage points and ADR increased 4.9%. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels decreased 10 basis points. The decline was driven by 4 items: The first item is higher state unemployment taxes, as several states raised SUTA taxes to replenish their unemployment funds. The tax is on a fixed amount of wages and while it was anticipated in our forecast, it disproportionately affects the first half the year. The second item is higher hotel-level bonuses. In the first quarter of 2010, minimal hotel level bonus accruals were made due to the generally poor prospects at that time. For the first quarter of 2011, bonus accruals were at normal levels. As 2010 improved, bonus expense accelerated, resulting in higher levels of expense in the second half of the year. On a full year basis for 2011, hotel-level bonuses are expected to be roughly flat to 2010.  The third item is lower cancellation and attrition fees. In the first quarter of 2010, we received cancellation and attrition fees in excess of a typical year, and for the full year 2010, we received fees reflecting a typical year. In the first quarter of 2011, cancellation and attrition fees were well below the levels -- the typical level. And that trend is expected to continue throughout 2011.  The last item is business disruption from our capital program. While we had 18 hotels under various stages of renovation, 2 of those hotels had meaningful highly disruptive renovation activity: The Sheraton New York and the Philadelphia Marriott, both of which had double-digit RevPAR declines and negative EBITDA, driving margins for our portfolio down 60 basis points for the quarter. In total, these items reduced our margins for the quarter by 145 basis points. Even with these items, we still expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to increase 100 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and increase 140 basis points at the high end of the range. For the quarter, rooms flow-through was good at over 73%, given the challenges of higher payroll taxes and bonuses, as well as the impact of renovations. Unallocated cost increased 6.2%. This increase was primarily driven by expenses that are variable with revenues, including credit card commissions, reward programs and cluster and shared service allocations, while incremental bonus expense and sales office expenses also contributed to the increase. Utility costs increased 4.2%.  Looking forward to the rest of the year, we expect the RevPAR increase to continue to be driven more by rate growth in occupancy, which should lead to strong rooms flow-through, even with growth in wage and benefit cost above inflation. We expect some increase in group demand as well as higher-quality groups, which should help to drive growth in banquet and audiovisual revenues and solid F&B [food and beverage] flow-through, particularly in the second half of the year, as payroll tax and bonus expense comparisons become easier. We expect unallocated costs to increase more than inflation, particularly for utilities, where we expect higher growth due to an increase in rates and volumes. And sales and marketing costs, where higher revenues and the implementation of new sales and marketing initiatives will increase cost. We also expect property taxes to rise in excess of inflation. In February, shortly after we closed on the acquisition of 7 hotels in New Zealand, the city of Christchurch experienced an earthquake that caused considerable damage to the city. Two of the hotels in the acquired portfolio, a Novotel and Ibis, totaling 348 rooms, were damaged and are in the government-declared red zone that has limited access. The 2 properties represent approximately 25% of the value of the portfolio. Based on preliminary assessments, the structural damage appears limited to 39 rooms in the Novotel's historic Warner building. We are engaging structural engineers to prepare comprehensive formal assessments and are hoping that the properties could be opened later this year or by the mid-2012.  We believe we have adequate insurance as part of Accor's New Zealand insurance program to cover the property damage. Our deductible is 3% of the loss up to USD $14.4 million, or 5% of replacement value of that property if the claim is over the $14.4 million level, which does cap the deductible at USD $3.2 million. The coverage period for business interruption is 36 months for the Novotel and 24 months for the Ibis. Now that some access has been granted, we should have a much better assessment of the situation by the second quarter earnings call. We ended the quarter with over $150 million in cash and cash equivalents and roughly $440 million of capacity on our credit facility. During the quarter, we raised approximately $100 million under our continuous equity offering program. We also repaid our only 2011 debt maturity, the $132 million in mortgage loans on our 4 Canadian properties with $29 million of cash and a $103 million draw on the credit facility. After paying off those mortgage loans, 108 of our 122 consolidated hotels do not have mortgage debt. Our credit facility matures in September this year, but we have the right to extend the facility to September of 2012 as long as our leverage level is below 6.75x, a standard we are more than comfortable that we will achieve.  This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a quick question on -- do you have an estimate of what percentage of your room nights have a airline reservation attached to them?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I would say a very high percentage of them do. We've always felt that with the fact that the bulk of the portfolio is located in gateway markets, that we are probably more of a fly-in hotel company than a drive-in hotel company. But to give you a specific percentage would just be a pretty rough guess.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, fair enough. And, I guess, are you talking with your operators, or they talking with some of their larger clients about potential impact of higher airfares and things like that?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, Chris, I think that's clearly one of those myriad of concerns that sits out there right now. In fact, we were talking with them a little bit about that before. What we have found in the past, and of course some of this always comes down to the degree of the increase in airfare, is that typically while the increase in airfare starts may -- even at this point, I don't know that it's necessarily significant in the cost of the airline portion of the trip, the increase in the fare compared to the overall business trip, which is what's driving most of our activity, tends to be relatively low, just because you've got a myriad of different elements to any business trip. So that in and of itself has not been -- we've not found in the past that increasing fares are that impactful to us. Where we did see a bigger change before when airline prices went up is that we did start to see that as airlines had to rationalize higher fuel prices, they started to look a little bit more carefully at some of the longer-haul trips that they were taking and trying to understand whether or not they were getting effective pricing on those trips. So if you remember back to '08, we had some disruption in Hawaii that we really -- pre the economic downturn that we tied to what -- in our minds, was tied to what was happening with the airlines. You may remember at that point in time, 2 airlines went out of business at that stage, which accentuated the problem. As we look at what's happening right now, we've heard no signs that there's any reduction in flights into Hawaii. I think pricing is probably creeping up there a bit. But we've actually had very strong -- I think Larry reported, we've had very strong results in Hawaii in the first quarter, and the outlook for the rest of the year continues to be very positive. So I'd say it's one of these things we're watching, but at this point we're not feeling any impact.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, that's great color. And just another question on your potential asset sales in the second half of the year. I assume that most or all those are non-core assets, but do you see any opportunities to maybe monetize something larger? Kind of like you did in 2006? And I know that was kind of an "alternative use" situation, but are there any of those out there yet?
W. Edward Walter: I think it's probably early for those types of transactions. I mean, I think we will be opportunistic about selling some of our larger hotels, but I think the focus initially will really be as you suggested, on the non-core assets.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank AG: Got you. And just finally on the dividend. Is there anything specifically that you're tying that to? Is it a specific payout ratio on CAT or something like that? Are you benchmarking the yield to some kind of index? Just getting a sense as to what might make you unable -- to enable you to raise that further as we go down the road.
W. Edward Walter: At this point, we've not changed the philosophy that's been in place, really, since we became a REIT, which is to pay out our taxable income. So it's in over lower level now, but given that -- I think we all expect that we will be seeing healthy EBITDA growth for the next several years. And that should likely result in significant taxable income growth, and also -- which will then translate into a much higher dividend.
Operator: And now we'll hear from Joshua Attie with Citi.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc: Can you talk about your outlook for the Washington D.C. market the next year or so? And do you think the federal government shrinking at all will have an impact on the hotel market in trends?
W. Edward Walter: Josh, the first quarter for Washington was relatively weak. And I think as we talked with some of the individual properties, our sense was that they were -- this was a market that was affected by the potential government shutdown. I think it didn't necessarily show itself because people weren't coming in to see the government, but what we were hearing is that some of the agencies that were looking at having group events were sort of in a position where they couldn't sign a contract and they couldn't commit in February and March because they didn't know they had the authority. I am hopeful that, that business wasn't lost, but was simply postponed. But I think as we look at Washington for the next year or so, I think in general the way I'd respond to that is that Washington was one of the markets that held up the best in the downturn, so it declined the least. As all these different markets start to work their way back to where they were before and then move beyond that, we generally assumed that Washington growth would be fine in a historical context, but in the short term would likely be lower than, certainly, markets like New York, Boston and San Francisco. But not because it's not a healthy market, but because the overall level of decline there was just lower.
Joshua Attie - Citigroup Inc: So you think it's more just a comparison issue than that demand is actually going to be weak over the next 12 or 18 months because of lower federal activity.
W. Edward Walter: Yes. I mean, frankly, the best thing that could happen to the hotel business in Washington is a big tax bill. Because as you can guess, just about everybody would be in town trying to work their various perspectives on that. So we don't necessarily see the market being -- we certainly don't see the market being weak here. I do think you've also seen a little bit of an impact this year from the Republicans changing the calendar for the Congress. This new system, which I think has them in session for 3 weeks and then off for a week so that they can go back and visit their constituents, has forced a little bit of a revamping of the meetings calendar in Washington. And so I think the city is probably working through a little bit of that, too. But overall, we don't see a lot of -- as we look into '12, we're not necessarily thinking that the Washington market's going to be particularly weak. And for the full year this year, we're generally expecting it to be in line with the rest of the portfolio.
Operator: And now we'll open up the floor to David Loeb with Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I have a couple. Maybe you can give us a little insight on this: When you look at hotels in the same market over the same period x disruption, are you seeing any differences in trends by brand? Are you seeing any differences in group? Clearly what I'm getting at is Marriott's comments versus much more upbeat comments from Starwood this morning. And you are owners of hotels in both of those brands. Can you give us any insight?
W. Edward Walter: I would say that we haven't seen big differences by brand that aren't explainable by the differences in which markets the hotels are located in. So in other words -- as you look at our portfolio, you saw differences in performance between the different major brands that we're associated with, but I would -- and so some are always underperforming or outperforming others, but I don't attribute that to any broader brand question or strategy or program. I think what that really is attributable to is what markets you're in. When New York was falling, everybody was affected by that. As New York has come back, everyone has been benefited by that.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I see. So in markets with -- I mean, you've obviously had a lot of disruptions: Boston, New York, Philadelphia. But in markets where you didn't have disruption, where you have convention hotels with both brands, you're really seeing similar trends in the same periods.
W. Edward Walter: Yes.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. Second and last question, your guidance on corporate expense is $99 million versus last year's $108 million. How do you account for that being down? We like that, by the way, but how do you account for that?
W. Edward Walter: You may like that, but since I think the major reason for that is currently projected lower compensation, I'm probably not as happy about it as you are. Some of that just has to do with the fact that as you -- there are probably a variety of factors that feed into that, but one of the bigger factors is just the way that our compensation program works. The amount of shares that we earn depends upon primarily on our relative performance compared to the rest of the market. And at this point in the year, we tend to just use target for a number and then we refine that number as we get later into the year. Last year, because we performed so well against NAREIT and so well against the lodging companies that are in our index, our compensation was higher and that's why you saw the number being higher.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Got it. Okay. That makes perfect sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo has our next question.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a follow-up, actually, on the question David just asked concerning the brand performance. Looking ahead, Marriott has been rolling out a new sales force initiative it's been chain-wide. I think Hilton's been looking at doing something with the customer loyalty system. Some of these systems are fairly expensive and probably only possible because of the scale of their distribution system. How do you view these initiatives? Do you think brands with these large distribution systems are going to be developing a competitive advantage that could translate into tangible incremental earnings for you as an owner of both hotels? Is it too early say? Or do you just think this is, I guess I'll call it the cost of being a large chain?
W. Edward Walter: Jeff, that's a great question. And I don't know that anybody really knows the answer to that yet. What I would say is that I do think if you look back over time, a number of these initiatives have ultimately led to -- when it's revenue management and things like that, they've come up with programs that I think, more than on the margins, have made a difference in profitability at the hotel. And I think we're comfortable as the larger brands try to look for ways to become more efficient in how they handle marketing or how they handle customer relations. And I think we're more comfortable in trying to work through those different programs with them, to both look for ways that we can save, but more importantly look for ways where we can drive more revenue. None of those programs proceeds without a few bumps along the road. And I think that's probably a bit what's happening with Marriott with the Sales Force One program. I would tell you that as we look more specifically at that program, we think the fundamental goal of [Audio Gap] through midsized and smaller customers and in a more rational and organized way is something that does make sense. And we've been working closely with them as they've been implementing that program to make certain that we see both the revenue and its benefits and the cost savings that we're supposed to get. As I sort of alluded in my earlier comments, none of these things proceeds without a few bumps along the road, and so we've seen a difference in benefit from the program. Net-net, as we look at our Marriott hotels over the last 3 years, we've seen an improvement in share. So we don't believe that the program, that Sales Force One or other initiatives is dragging down our performance. What we have noticed is that we have done much better at our larger hotels than we necessarily have with some of our smaller hotels. I think some others have commented on that same phenomenon. And one of the things that we're working with them on is to consider how to refine the program in order to make certain that our smaller hotels also start to do better. But I would caution everybody that market share is a great statistic in the sense of summarizing activity, there's a lot of different factors that go into that. And we all have to be careful about attributing what's going on with market share to any one program.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: You touched it in your response, but a lot of those programs -- I mean, my sense is they tend to be designed for the larger, more urban flagship properties in mind, for the brands. Do you think, given your experience, your expectations for the future, that generally speaking you guys tend to be disproportionate beneficiaries of these types of initiatives? Vis--vis, say, other Marriott products within the same system subject to Sales Force One or help in the Starwood product?
W. Edward Walter: It's certainly not hurting us own those types of hotels, that's for sure.
Operator: And now we'll open the floor up to Ryan Meliker with Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of things. First, just for clarification purposes, the guidance that you issued this morning in the press release, that does include the Hilton Melbourne acquisition or does not?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, it does. As you look through the full press release, you'll see back in the section where we sort of provide this support for our guidance that there is a $150 million acquisition that's referenced. We were not -- as you can tell from the fact that this wasn't in the press release, we were just not certain what the timing on the transaction was going to be. So the net of it is that, that $150 million is the deal that I discussed in my comments.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. I just wanted to make sure that it was in there. And then the other question I had was I look at your market types with the RevPAR growth, and I was looking at urban lag this quarter. It looks like over the past -- certainly all through 2010, urban was one of the better performers within your market types and certainly was the case within the STR data for the first quarter. I'm wondering what happened. Obviously, you had a 150 bps impact from the renovation of the Sheraton and the Marriott in Philadelphia, but was there something else that you've seen? And is that starting to be a trend going forward or not?
W. Edward Walter: We would not look at it as a trend. It's 2 things: It's the way our quarter works first of all, and then it's -- the best example is the Philadelphia Marriott, the Downtown you have a major urban hotel under renovation down 23%, while the market, the Philadelphia market as a whole, is up almost 10%. So we also had the Marriott Marquis under renovation, didn't talk too much about that. So it's -- we had a lot of our bigger boxes -- Sheraton Boston under renovation. You go down the list, and that's what you'll see.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: So it's really just the renovations, then?
W. Edward Walter: And the timing of the quarter, that would -- the best part of the quarter was March. So if you look at our 8 4 [ph], that would show you the difference. And that's excluding Philly, the Sheraton, New York properties.
Operator: Bank of America's Shaun Kelley has our next question.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to kind of go back to the Group business for a quick second. I mean Marriott specifically called out the "in the quarter for the quarter" Group as being one of the changes that they saw. Could you give us just a little bit more granularity? I mean I caught your comments up front, but just how you saw maybe some of that business materialize over the course of the quarter? And I know you don't provide quarterly guidance, but kind of maybe what you're seeing? Because the looking windows aren't fairly sure, but maybe what you're seeing in the next couple of months for that segment of business?
W. Edward Walter: Sure. Shaun, it's a good question, because there was one thing that happened in the first quarter that was a little different from what we have seen in some of the prior quarters. It'll be interesting to see how this plays out as we work our way through the rest of the year. And the thing that was a little bit different is that we did see that our "in the quarter for the quarter" bookings were just a little bit lower than what they had been in the prior year. Now that's not necessarily surprising because last year we started to set records for "in the quarter for the quarter" booking. But the pace of those bookings in Q1 was moderated compared to what we had seen. I do think that the governmental shutdown comments that I had before may have had some effect on that, but I don't know that that's a big enough an effect to actually change the answer there. Conversely, what was encouraging was that our bookings for the next 3 quarters, so that would be Q2, Q3 and Q4, we're actually far stronger than what we had experienced in 2010. So while I don't know is -- we talked to the operators, I don't know that they would sit down and say, "yes, the booking cycle is lengthening," which would be a good thing for us, certainly for us. But I think what they are finding at least is that more people are willing to book a little bit further out than where they were before. And so as a result, we're looking -- whereas last year, we continued to -- each quarter, we tended to be -- at 90 days out, we tended to be showing negative room nights compared to the prior year. At this point for this year, we're showing solid room night growth in Q2 and Q3. And the negative that we started the year in Q4 has declined materially, although we're still showing a shortfall. I think that -- well, I want to reiterate a point, though, that was in my comments, because I think we also think this is important is that the rate growth that we're seeing in Q2, Q3 and Q4 is continuing to grow as you work your way through the year and at this point, on booking pace, is better than the rate of growth that we experienced in Q1. So I think that's a good sign. The real driver of this for us, and I would suspect for the industry, is going to be what's happening on the Corporate Group side. The Association business tends to book longer out. There's an attendance issue there, but there's not that much of an event issue around Association business. Corporate Group has clearly been improving. The pricing has been improving. It fell so far that it has a long way to go to recover, but the trends in that area are pretty good right now.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. And then maybe as we think about the pieces then, I guess the question is looking out in kind of more for your outlook. It doesn't sound like you're really thinking that the mix between Group and Transient changes for the remainder of the year. Is that a fair comment? Or kind of how would you think about that mix? Is Transient now a little bit stronger, and that kind of Group piece gives you a little bit more pause? Or do you think it's more just the timing-related, like you talked about?
W. Edward Walter: I think the Transient in the first quarter was probably more affected by weather than the Group was. And so I think we certainly heard that, say, in New York that the business Transient, because the people were leery of getting caught in the city due to the frequency of the winter storms, that there was a lag effect or an impact because of that. I think there's a couple of other markets that probably felt some impact from that, too. So I'm not certain that as you look -- as you look out for the rest of the year, I would expect to see continued improvement in Group occupancy. Maybe not at the rate that we enjoyed in the first quarter, but continue to see growth on that segment, and as I mentioned, continue to see growth in rates. On the Transient side, I think it's probably more likely as you look over the full year, that rather than seeing a slight decline in room nights, we'll probably start to see a slight increase. But the bulk of the Transient revenue recovery will be rate-driven, not occupancy-driven. So the net of all of that is that we would -- I would say, as you look at our overall business mix, that business mix should start to see an increase in contribution from the Group side versus the Transient side. And that's -- I think as we've commented now for probably over a year, we sort of are expecting that and frankly want that because for our portfolio, that would be a plus.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. And then my last question is just on New York. You called out, obviously, the renovation disruptions. But we heard a lot from operators in the market about supply issues as well. And I know not all of that is in midtown, but I just kind of wanted to get your thoughts, particularly as you think about the back half rebound that you guys are thinking about. Kind of how much is supply an issue in New York? And how much do you think that, that supply gets absorbed over the next few months here?
W. Edward Walter: I think -- my guess is that there was some supply impact in the first quarter, in part because the first quarter tends to be a weaker time in New York anyway. So because you're running at slightly lower occupancies in the city during the first quarter when you have several new hotels open, that probably accentuates the impact. As we look more broadly through New York through the rest of the year, certainly all of our properties are pretty optimistic about how the rest of the year plays out. Now we will still have some construction impact at the Marquis and the Sheraton New York in the second quarter, so I'm not necessarily expecting that we're going to have big RevPAR growth in New York for the half because those properties are so important to us in Q2. But as we look to the second half of the year, the outlook is pretty optimistic. And I suspect that as New York starts to work its way back to its stronger period, that you'll find that there's less impact from the supply given a high occupancy rate that New York traditionally runs at.
Operator: And now we'll go to Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Due to no response, we'll move the on to Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: When you look back of the first 4 months of the year at your urban and, say, resort conference hotels, and you look at midweek or Sunday-through occupancy, Sunday through Thursday occupancy levels, where is that relative to peak? I mean how close are you to midweek occupancy levels at some of the business-centric travel markets?
W. Edward Walter: To give you a truly accurate answer, we'd probably need to look at least 1 or 2 reports. Let me -- I guess what I'd tell you though is across the board, we're still fairly short. I mean, if you look at us compared to '07 right now, in this quarter, we're down about 6% in room nights and about 9% in rates and so overall, I think what that works out to is about 14% to 15% in terms of revenues. I would say that, that is generally probably pretty evenly distributed over both the weekdays and weekends. Now I think that the weekends fell a little bit less during the downturn, and then the weekdays fell more, but the recovery's been a little bit of the reverse. So I suspect in general across the portfolio is we're feeling that impact fairly evenly. Certainly in some of the markets like New York that run very high occupancies, my guess is that it's still more of a rate question than an occupancy question. But other than that, it's fairly evenly distributed.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And when you look at the back of the year, would you expect New York City to outperform your portfolio? Or how would it perform within your portfolio?
W. Edward Walter: Well, certainly over the course of the next few years, we would expect New York to meaningfully outperform. And the second half of this year, as I said before, we assume it's going to outperform.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have today for the question-and-answer session. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call back over to Mr. Walter for any closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you folks for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with some more insight into how 2011 is playing out in our second quarter call in mid-July. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Executives: W. Edward Walter - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Inside Directors Committee Larry Harvey - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Gregory Larson - Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy & Fund Management
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley William Crow - Raymond James & Associates
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Larson: Well, thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Fourth Quarter Earnings Call.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.  Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com.  This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for 2011. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Thinking back to our and the industry's outlook on 2010 last February, it is hard not to be pleased with how this year played out. We were able to accomplish some exciting transactions during the year. And while the economy presented challenges, especially in the first half of the year, we were happy to see that the lodging recovery happened faster and stronger than we originally expected.  However, before I get into the detail of our 2010 operating results, I'd like to highlight several of our accomplishments for the year. We closed approximately $500 million in acquisitions by purchasing the W New York Union Square, Westin Chicago River North, the Meridien Piccadilly in London and the JW Marriott Hotel Rio de Janeiro, and announced acquisitions in New York, New Zealand and San Diego totaling more than an incremental $1 billion. History has demonstrated that early cycle acquisitions tend to add the best value, and we are acting on that premise.  In addition to the investments I just noted, we also reached an agreement to develop seven hotels in three major cities in India through our Asia joint venture. We also purchased the junior tranches with a par value of approximately $64 million of a mortgage loan secured by a 1,900-room portfolio of hotels in Europe. The notes were purchased at a meaningful discount. The underlying assets are performing above expectations.  For the year, we invested a total of $114 million in return on investment capital projects, including the development of a new 26,000 square foot ballroom and outdoor venue space with the Westin Kierland Resort & Spa, new meeting space at the Miami Biscayne Bay Marriott and new restaurants at the Hyatt Maui, Harbor Beach Marriott, Westin LAX and Tysons Ritz-Carlton Hotel. We continue to find construction pricing attractive, and expect these investments to yield returns substantially in excess of our cost to capital.  We also continue to focus on strengthening our balance sheet. On that front, the combination of over $400 million of equity issuance to fund our investment program, the repayment of several debt instruments and preferred stock and the successful placement of $500 million of senior notes bearing interest at 6% reduced our average interest rates by 0.04% to 6.2% and increased our coverage ratio by more than 15%.  Now let's review the results for the quarter and the year. Fourth quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels increased 6.2%, driven by an increase in average room rate of 2.8% and an increase in occupancy of 2.2 percentage points. For the full year, comparable RevPAR increased 5.8% to $120 as a result of a 3.8 percentage point increase in occupancy and a slight increase in average rates. Our average rate for the year for our comparable hotels was $171 per night. Our average occupancy was 70%. Food and beverage revenues in our comparable hotels increased 4.8% for the quarter, primarily because banquet revenues increased over 7% as groups upgraded their catering spends. For the year, food and beverage revenues increased 4.5%.  Comparable hotel-adjusted operating profit margins increased 110 basis points for the fourth quarter and 20 basis points for the year, resulting in adjusted EBITDA of $286 million for the quarter and $824 million for the full year. Our FFO per diluted share was $0.26 for the fourth quarter and $0.68 for the full year. FFO per diluted share was negatively impacted by $0.02 for the quarter and $0.06 for the full year by debt extinguishments and acquisition costs associated with the successful transactions. Since our guidance in October did not foresee these costs in the fourth quarter, adjusting for these items indicate that our FFO results exceeded the high end of our guidance.  Consistent with the trends we've been seeing all year, we continue to benefit from positive demand growth in the fourth quarter as our number of rooms sold increased by more than 3%. More importantly, for the second quarter in a row, we recorded an overall increase in average rate driven by both the shift to higher-rated Transient business segments and actual rate increases.  Similar to what we experienced in the third quarter, our transient revenue growth of 6.3% was driven by a nearly 5% increase in transient rate, as transient room nights, which now exceed 2007 levels, increased slightly more than 1%. The improvement in ADR was driven by the Premium and Corporate segments, where rate increased by almost 7%. When combined with the demand increase of 6%, these segments saw a revenue increase of more than 13%. For the year, the Premium and Corporate segments saw a balanced combination of demand in rate growth leading to an 11% revenue improvement. Demand in our Special Corporate segment was significantly up for the year, leading to strong revenue growth of 27%.  Reflecting our operators' efforts to shift business out of lower-rated segments, our discount room nights declined by more than 3% and revenues in this category fell slightly. This trend accelerated in the second half of the year as our operating environment improves. While our full year transient demand matches 2007 levels, ADR is still more than 16% below the prior peak, indicating a meaningful opportunity for additional rate growth in 2011 and beyond.  Turning to our Group business. Consistent with our comments last quarter, our group room nights were up more than 6% as increases in our Corporate and other segments more than offset the slight decline in Association business. Average rate was slightly better than the fourth quarter of last year, resulting in an overall group revenue increase of 6.2%. We experienced a demand increase of over 11% in our higher-rated Corporate Group business and a rate increase of more than 3%. Recovery in the Luxury segment continues to gain momentum as our Luxury Group room nights were up more than 15%. For the full year, our group bookings were up almost 7% and rate was down 3%, although ADR did increase in the second half of the year. Compared to 2007, our group room revenues are still down by 19%, and our Corporate room nights are down by 1/3. We would expect to close both of these gaps over the next few years.  Looking at 2011, we would expect that revenue growth will be driven by a combination of both occupancy and rate increases. It is worth noting that despite the nearly four-point increase in occupancy we experienced this year, we are still four points below our prior stabilized occupancy level of 74%, so we expect to see increases in occupancy in both our Group and Transient segments. However, reflecting the trends we have enjoyed over the last six months, we would expect to see a meaningful portion of our RevPAR growth would be generated from ADR growth due to both actual pricing increases and segment shifts.  Our booking activity in the fourth quarter was exceptionally strong, and we started the year in a far better position than 2010, as group bookings through the first three quarters of the year were up by more than 3.5% versus a decline of roughly 6% last year. More importantly, our average rate per existing group bookings exceeds 2010 in every quarter. We expect we will see booking pace to improve as the year progresses and that activity in the higher-rated categories will increase.  On the investment front, as we announced this morning, we signed an agreement to purchase the 1,625-room Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego Hotel for $570 million. The hotel has a premier waterfront location and is close to the city's central business district and Convention Center. The hotel is the premier meeting platform in the market, providing approximately 125,000 square feet of meeting space, including a 34,000 square foot finished exhibit hall and a 30,000 square foot ballroom. With its location adjacent to our San Diego Mariott Marina Hotel, we expect to see revenue and expense synergies from both of these hotels.  In January, we announced that we have signed an agreement to purchase the 775-room New York Helmsley Hotel for approximately $313 million. The property will be managed by Starwood initially as an unbranded hotel. As part of a comprehensive renovation costing approximately $65 million, the guest rooms and guest baths will be completely renovated, a few rooms will be added to the inventory and the meeting space will be upgraded. When the renovations are complete in early to mid-2012, the property will be branded as the Westin. This will only be the second Westin in Manhattan, and we believe that the hotel will benefit greatly from both the brand change and from becoming part of the Starwood system. While the hotel will benefit from Starwood's management and reservation system as an unbranded hotel, the EBITDA generated from this hotel in 2011 prior to its conversion will likely be in the $5 million to $6 million range, as results will be negatively impacted during the renovation process. Once the renovations are complete and the hotel is converted to the Westin brand, we expect to see EBITDA results in the low- to mid-$30 million range for the first full year of operations as a branded hotel.  This past quarter, we also finalized our purchase agreement for seven hotels in New Zealand with over 1,200 rooms at a price of $145 million. The hotels are located in the country's main commercial and tourist centers and will be operated by Accor Hotels, one of the largest operators in New Zealand. This is our first acquisition in New Zealand, and we expect the transaction to close in the very near term.  As you know, attractive acquisition opportunities increased in the second half of 2010, and we expect 2011 will continue to be an active environment. Given the strength of our balance sheet, we believe we are in a great position to take advantage of investment opportunities as they arise. In the U.S. and Europe, our goal is to acquire assets at a discount to replacement cost while achieving investment yields in excess of our cost of capital. We have a strong pipeline of acquisition opportunities and expect that we will purchase additional hotels during 2011. With that being said, recognizing the unpredictability of the timing of completing acquisitions, our guidance today does not assume any additional acquisitions beyond those we announced.  In 2011, we expect to spend approximately $290 million to $310 million on ROI and repositioning investments. Some of this year's projects are a continuation of works started in 2010, including the San Diego Marriott Hotel & Marina, where we are renovating all the guest rooms, the pool and fitness center and developing an expanded new meeting space and exhibit hall platform.  At the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers, we are continuing construction efforts that we started in December, which include major mechanical AC/HC upgrades, as well as a comprehensive room renovation. This project will be done in two stages with a final completion date of mid-2012.  We are also completely renovating and repositioning three hotels, the Chicago O'Hare Marriott, the Sheraton Indianapolis and the Atlanta Perimeter Marriott. In each instance, we are completing comprehensive room renovations, materially reconstructing the lobby and food and beverage outlets and reducing the room count with the goal of generating significant improvement in operating results.  In the case of the Sheraton, we expect to convert a tower of rooms to rental apartments. And in the case of the Atlanta Perimeter Marriott, the room count reduction is necessitated by a condemnation proceeding which generated more than $11 million and which will be deployed to fund the material part of the renovation.  In terms of maintenance capital expenditures, we spent $195 million in 2010 and expect to spend $260 million to $280 million in 2011. 2011 plan includes room renovation at the New York Marriott Marquis, the Philadelphia Marriott and JW Desert Springs Marriott, as well as meeting space renovations at the Hyatt Washington, Sheraton Boston, New York Marquis and New Orleans Marriott.  While the disposition market has improved, we are seeing challenges for buyers obtaining debt, especially in the secondary and tertiary markets, as lenders are more apt to focus on lending in primary market.  While we are actively reviewing our portfolio for likely sale candidates, we expect the volume of our asset builds to be light in 2011. However, we will be monitoring the pricing of transactions in the market and hope to accelerate our dispositions later in the year. At this point, our guidance does not assume any dispositions.  Now let me elaborate on our outlook for 2011. In general, economic indicators present a favorable picture for 2011, especially compared to where we were a year ago. Business investment, a key indicator for our industry, is expected to increase 9% this year, and GDP growth is expected to be over 3% both in 2011 and 2012. These factors, combined with some improvement in employment, bode well for lodging demand. As managers more actively focus on increasing rate and shifting business mix away from the lower-rated segments to higher-rated group and transient demand, RevPAR growth will be increasingly driven by rate growth, which better drops to the bottom line. With all this in mind, we're expecting comparable hotel RevPAR to increase 6% to 8% for the year, with adjusted margins increasing 100 to 140 basis points. This operating forecast, combined with our recent acquisition activity, will result in adjusted EBIT of $1 billion to $1.035 billion and FFO per share of $0.87 to $0.92.  Turning to our dividends. We are forecasting our first quarter common dividend to be $0.02 per share. As our operations continue to improve, we expect to modestly increase the common dividend through the year with the expectation of a full year common dividend of $0.10 to $0.15 per share.  I am pleased to say that the lodging recovery is continuing to progress well. We remain in the early stages at this point and believe this positive cycle will continue to gain momentum. The business travelers are returning in greater numbers and supply over the next couple of years will be at historically low level and well below demand growth. The combination of strong demand and low supplies should lead to a solid and sustained recovery.  Thank you, and now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Our top-performing market for the fourth quarter was Atlanta, with a RevPAR increase of 22.5%. Strong citywide and transient business contributed to an occupancy increase of over nine percentage points. The incremental demand and related compression led to a 5% improvement in ADR. We expect RevPAR in Atlanta to underperform our portfolio in 2011, even with an overall improvement in group, business and special corporate pricing, as well as a positive mix shift.  As expected, our San Diego hotels had a great quarter, with a RevPAR increase of 16.8%, driven by an occupancy improvement of over nine percentage points, as both transient and group demand improved significantly and ADR increased slightly. For 2011, we expect our San Diego hotels to outperform the portfolio due to overall improvement in transient and group demand and ADR growth.  The Chicago market continued to perform well with a 12.1% improvement in RevPAR. Although citywide events were flat to last year, the timing of the events in 2010 and good business transient demand facilitated a strong RevPAR growth. Occupancy increased over four percentage points and ADR improved over 5%, as our hotels benefited from a positive shift in our Transient mix of business. We expect the Chicago market to outperform the portfolio in 2011 due to strong group and transient demand, as well as a further positive shift in mix, which will increase ADR.  Our San Francisco hotels had another excellent quarter with a RevPAR increase of 11.5%, as ADR increased over 7% and occupancy increased nearly three percentage points. Both group and transient demand were strong, allowing the hotels to yield rate. We expect the San Francisco market to perform in line with our portfolio in 2011 through improvements in citywide and corporate group demand and ADR gains due to the related compression.  Our San Antonio hotels had a very good quarter with RevPAR increasing 9.8%, as rate increased over 5% and occupancy improved 2.5 percentage points. The outperformance was due to strong citywide and corporate group demand. We were expecting even better performance, but the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter was undergoing a rooms renovation that was more disruptive than anticipated. We expect our San Antonio hotels to outperform the portfolio in 2011 because of improvements in overall demand.  RevPAR at our Hawaiian hotels increased 5.2%, which was well below our expectation as the renovations at two of our hotels affected operating results, particularly at the Fairmont Kea Lani. Occupancy improved more than nine percentage points, however, ADR fell 9%. The bulk of the demand increase was in Discount, Transient and Group business. Airline capacity continues to increase, and we expect Hawaii to be one of our top-performing markets in 2011 due to improvements in both group and transient demand, which should also drive some pricing power.  RevPAR for our Boston hotels only increased 2.3% due to a significant decrease in citywide demand and the renovation of meeting space at the Sheraton Boston. Occupancy declined nearly two percentage points, while rate increased almost 5%. Our Boston hotels are expected to underperform the portfolio in 2011 due to less citywide demand.  Our Phoenix hotels have struggled since 2007. Fourth quarter RevPAR increased only slightly due to the construction of a new ballroom at the Westin Kierland which was completed in early January. However, we expect our Phoenix hotels to turn the corner in 2011 and outperform our portfolio. Both group and transient demand are expected to increase significantly.  Lastly, our two worst markets for the fourth quarter were Philadelphia and Orlando. Philadelphia's RevPAR fell 7.2% primarily due to a decrease in citywide events and a disruption from the renovation of the ballroom and rooms at the Philadelphia Downtown Marriott. Citywide demand for 2011 is strong and improvement in ADR is expected, but the renovation will limit available capacity, and as a result, the hotel will underperform the portfolio. RevPAR for the Orlando World Center Marriott fell 2.1% in the quarter primarily due to displacement from the rooms renovation and a difficult comparison to the fourth quarter of 2009, when the hotel significantly outperformed the portfolio due to higher levels of group demand. That hotel is expected to slightly underperform the portfolio in 2011.  For the year, our top three markets were Boston, with a RevPAR increase of 11.6%; New Orleans, with a RevPAR improvement of 11.2%; and New York, with a RevPAR increase of 9.5%. The Phoenix market, where RevPAR declined 3.9% and the Tampa market, with a decrease of 1.6%, were our weakest performers.  For our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 13.1% for the quarter, as eight of the 11 hotels had double-digit RevPAR increases. For the year, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 8.5%. We expect the European joint venture portfolio will have RevPAR growth of 5% to 7% for 2011.  For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 110 basis points, which were reduced by 50 basis points for incremental property-level bonus expense. Rooms flow-through was strong for the quarter at nearly 76% due to benefits from the ADR increase and productivity improvements, which resulted in a relatively low 1.2% increase in wages and benefits on a per occupied room basis. Food and beverage flow-through was excellent at over 53% and much better than expected due to an increase in higher-margin banquet and audiovisual revenues, good cost control and improvements in productivity.  Unallocated cost increased 4.7% for the quarter. This increase was primarily driven by expenses that are variable with revenues including credit card commissions, reward programs and cluster and shared service allocations. Utility cost increased only 1.4%, and property taxes declined 8.4%.  Looking forward to 2011, we expect the RevPAR increase to be driven more by rate growth in occupancy. The additional rate growth should lead the strong room flow-through, even with growth in wage and benefit cost above inflation. We expect some increasing group demand, as well as higher-quality groups, which should help to drive growth in banquet and audiovisual revenues and solid F&B flow-through.  We expect unallocated cost to increase more than inflation, particularly for utilities, which we expect higher growth due to increase in rates and volume and as well in sales and marketing cost. We also expect property taxes to rise in excess of inflation.  As a result, we expect comparable hotel-adjusted operating profit margins to increase 100 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and increase 140 basis points at the high end of the range.  During the quarter, we raised approximately $248 million under our continuous equity offering program to fund future acquisitions. We also issued $500 million of senior notes that bear interest at 6% and have a 10-year maturity. These notes have the lowest coupon of any bond we have ever issued. We used some of the bond proceeds to redeem $250 million of our 7 1/8% Series K senior notes.  During the quarter, we repaid the $150 million mortgage on the W Union Square, the $71 million mortgage on the JW Marriott Desert Springs and $54 million of the $300 million mortgage on the Orlando World Center Marriott, which allowed us to extend the maturity date by two years to July of 2013. Of our 113 consolidated hotels, 102 of them do not have mortgage debt. At this point, we have only one maturity in 2011, the $129 million mortgage loan on our four Canadian hotels.  Our credit facility matures in September of this year, but we have the right to extend the facility to September of 2012 as long as our leverage level is below 6.75x, a standard we are more than comfortable that we will achieve.  We ended the quarter with over $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents. After closing on all of the acquisitions that Ed detailed, we will have an excess of $200 million in cash and $542 million of available capacity on our credit facility.  I wanted to mention two more items prior to starting the question-and-answer session. The first is the change to our income taxes for 2011. Due to the significance of the downturn, our tax for REIT subsidiary incurred a substantial book loss primarily due to negative lease leakage, which resulted in our recording a $32 million tax benefit in 2010. The anticipated significant improvement in operating results should lead to a substantial improvement in lease leakage and as a result, we are projecting a tax provision for 2011. This translates into roughly $0.04 per share reduction in FFO for 2011.  Finally, starting in 2011, we are modifying our definition of adjusted EBITDA to no longer deduct acquisition cost for successful transactions. Prior to January 1, 2009, the accounting rules allowed companies to capitalize such costs and depreciate them over the life of the asset. Under the current accounting rules, these costs must be expensed as incurred. We believe that these costs should not be deducted from adjusted EBITDA, because it would not reflect the ongoing performance of our portfolio. For 2010, we incurred $10 million of successful acquisition costs that decreased our adjusted EBITDA to arrive at the $824 million number.  This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Just on your guidance, I'm just wondering on your RevPAR guidance, you talked in the prepared remarks about renovations and reconditionings having an effect on the results in 2010. Wondering if you're RevPAR guidance assumes future impacts from renovations and repositioning? And if it does, is there any way to quantify it for us how that is affecting RevPAR?
W. Edward Walter: I guess let's start by answering the question whether our guidance has taken into account the renovation work that we have going on this year. And the short answer is we have. We certainly think we've -- it's always tricky to try to calculate exactly what the disruption from these sorts of projects is going to be. And frankly, we were a little surprised by the level of disruption that we experienced in the fourth quarter and we feel like that probably cut our RevPAR growth in Q4 of 2010 by 1 to 1.5. As we think about it more though in the context of 2011, we've done the best job that we could to anticipate what the impact would be. I think that some of the spending is a little bit more concentrated this year in some of our larger hotels, but we hopefully have it occurring during times of the year where it would be less impactful.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So assumption is less than that 1 to 1.5 you saw in 2010?
W. Edward Walter: I guess what I'd say is it may end up being as impactful in terms of it being a point versus impact in 2011. But we've recognized that as the guidance that we've given.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just -- there's always a difference between your comparable and your companywide RevPAR growth for obvious reasons, but the delta this quarter was a lot bigger than it's been in the past and I'm assuming that has to do with how the new properties added in 2010 are performing relative to the rest of your portfolio. I'm just wondering if that's the case, if you could touch on that and perhaps give us some idea of what properties are mainly driving that difference?
W. Edward Walter: I think the answer is that the properties that we bought this year, the four properties that we've acquired, are generally operating at higher RevPAR levels than the overall portfolio. So that's the reason why you're seeing the difference in the number. They are just propelling our average RevPAR for the portfolio higher.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So it's all four of them. I just didn't know if there was a few other...
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think all four of them are contributing to that.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And my final question is just on the San Diego Hyatt. Once the acquisition is completed, I was wondering if you could quantify for us your CapEx plan there?
W. Edward Walter: I'd say we're still in the process of developing that. One of the -- the original tower in the hotel, which was built in 1992, is in need of a significant renovation. I think what we're looking at doing there is doing both the rooms and probably renovating the bathroom. The other tower, which was completed in 2003, is not surprisingly in much better physical condition, and so I don't think we need to do anywhere near as comprehensive a renovation in that particular tower. But yes, we would expect, and our analysis on the deal assumes that we'll have to spend some amounts incremental to the amount that would be in the FF and e-reserve. But it's certainly nowhere near like the type of plan that we have for the Helmsley, where we really intend to reinvent the hotel as part of the conversion to the Westin brand.
Operator: Our next question will come from Shaun Kelly with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to, I guess, maybe sticking with the Manchester for a second. You gave us some -- a very helpful sense on maybe the underwriting for the Helmsley. Could you give us like a similar sense for the Manchester? Maybe what it did in peak or kind of what you think that could contribute going forward? [ :p id="1515726" name="W. Edward Walter" /> I guess what I would probably say as it relates to the Hyatt is that generally we've been able to complete that acquisition at this pricing sort of in line with the deals that we did in 2010, which is right around the 14 EBITDA multiple based on 2010 numbers. This hotel, like many others, did fall meaningfully from its peak operating history in 2006 and 2007. I think that we're below a 10 multiple if you go back to peak EBITDA in terms of our acquisition price.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: And on the Helmsley, since you didn't give that perspective, Ed, kind of just thoughts on where that is, like how far off-peak that hotel is?
W. Edward Walter: Shaun, to be honest, as it relates to the Helmsley, it's just not a meaningful comparison, because the hotel during the last cycle was really not run as effectively as it has been in the past. And so I think that's -- part of the reason why we threw out the number that we threw out in my comments is that it really -- to get a better indication of what we think is the potential of the hotel, you really do need to look forward under a new management and under a more powerful brand as opposed to backwards under the Helmsley brand.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then I guess the last thing is just kind of on the balance sheet. I think you've pretty much got with $100 million or so left on the ATM program at this point, but you issued a lot during the quarter. You also mentioned that part of the funding for the Manchester would be, I think, through equity. So is the intention to I guess renew the ATM program, is that going to continue to be a source of funding for you guys? And then was the equity issued in the fourth quarter what you're going to use to fund the Manchester? Or is there a kind of incremental equity that you plan on issuing to finish that deal?
W. Edward Walter: Well, I guess what I'd say is, first off, I don't think we're going to start a precedent right now necessarily detailing our entire sources and uses for the company on an earnings call. But I guess Larry made some comments relative to what our cash position would be after acquiring the three different properties. Until after we've acquired the assets in New Zealand, the Helmsley and the San Diego Hyatt, we will still have more than $200 million left of the cash that we started the quarter with, as well as we'll have pretty full access to our credit facility. As we look down the road, I think you should assume that we're going to be consistent with what we've said in the past, which is that we're going to continue to look to fund a significant portion of our acquisitions through the issuance of equity. And I'm not going to have us get pinned down necessarily in how we're going to go about doing that, but we have found that the continuous equity offering plan has been a very cost efficient way to do that. The actual amount of equity that we might issue and the actual amount of debt that we will issue will obviously be dependent on just how active our pipeline will become.
Operator: We'll now hear from Ryan Meliker with Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of quick questions regarding some of the acquisitions. The Manchester Grand, obviously, was a property that's been depressed and was rumored to be acquired by some other hotel companies, one of them was a fellow REIT. I was wondering if you could give some color on how that process went through. It seems we're six months past where it seems like that probably was ready to be acquired, if anything changed in terms of your underwriting or your views on the property, et cetera. Also, on the Westin and Helmsley, if you can give some color on whether you're getting any key money from Starwood, that might be helpful with regards to that renovation. And then the New Zealand portfolio, is that a portfolio that's likely to go into your JV with GIC or are you planning to keep it all to yourselves? And then lastly, and Ed talked about upscale hotels being a larger component of acquisitions going forward. Obviously, everything to date that you've announced has really been full service with the exception of some of the things outside the U.S. Do you think the upscale properties that you're talking about potentially acquiring are going to be domestic or international or a combination of the two? And are there any portfolios that you're looking at currently?
W. Edward Walter: I have to admit, you weren't coming through as clearly as I would have liked, so I'm not certain that I caught all of that. I guess, the first thing as it relates to San Diego Hyatt, it relates to the color around the transaction there. We have probably looked at this hotel off and on for probably the last three or four years. The price that we've ended up acquiring it for is the lowest price that I think we've ever evaluated the hotel, certainly the lowest price that we've seen in the last several years. And certainly there were others that have made progress on transactions, but ultimately did not close. I think that there was a pretty active -- despite the size of the transaction, I think it was intriguing that there were a fair amount of people that were interested in buying the hotel, because I think they, like us, recognized that it was a great asset and a great location in a great market. We see San Diego as one of the great markets of the country going forward. I think they also recognized that at this price, you're probably buying it at more than the 20% discount to what it would cost to replace the asset. So I think there, we were ultimately very happy with the acquisition that we were able to complete. I will tell you that if you watched what happen with the hotel over the course of the year, we did find that while the San Diego market, like several others, had a little bit of a blip in the summer, especially beginning part of the summer and perhaps at one point had fallen short of some of its initial projections and initial hopes, the reality is that the asset rallied strongly over the course of the fourth quarter. And so we were pleasantly surprised to see the numbers for the full year coming in better than we what we had originally looked at when we first started to look at the asset. As it relates to our focus on types of assets, I think generally the way we look at the world is that we're probably looking primarily at upper upscale assets and luxury assets in Europe and in the U.S. We're also interested in upper upscale assets in some of the Asian markets, but we see a greater opportunity, in general, to look at more mid-market products in the broad Asia Pacific region, which is one of the reasons why you're seeing our New Zealand acquisition be primarily focused in sort of the upscale and mid-scale price points. In general, we feel that the bulk of the demand growth that we're going to see throughout Asia will probably be more in those price points than necessarily in the higher price points. And as a result, that's one of the reasons why the New Zealand acquisition is targeted in the way that it is. I think you did ask as it relates to the New Zealand acquisition whether or not that was going to be in the JV or whether that was going to be a consolidated asset, and this will be a consolidated asset for us. This is not going into the JV.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: The one other thing I was wondering about, I don't know if you can disclose it or not, but if you can give any indications whether Starwood gave you any key money for the renovation for the Westin and the Helmsley, and if so, how much?
W. Edward Walter: They have given us some, but we are currently not disclosing the amount of that key money.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Has your expectation for property-level expenses changed over the last three months? And then my second question, which is totally fairly easy, within your 2011 adjusted EBITDA guidance, how much do you have related to the acquisitions that you've announced you completed?
W. Edward Walter: I don't think we've really seen any expense trends over the last 30, 90 to 120 days that have led us to think differently about expenses than we have in the past. I think Larry gave you a sense in his prepared comments of some of the areas where we thought expenses might trend above inflation. The big focus this year on the whole expense side is going to be trying to minimize expense growth as we work our way through the recovery. And the bulk of that is going to happen by trying to very carefully manage headcount. We want to make certain that when people have started to take on multiple functions or when operators cut the number of managers that they might have had in individual hotels, that we only restore at the level that's required to support additional volume, meaning additional customers and additional room nights, as opposed to just because things got better. So I think generally, we generally see expenses as being in line. There are some places where we're going to run higher than inflation. But overall, I think our margin guidance frankly suggests that we feel like this should be it. We should suffer some of the problems that we had in 2010, where you saw bonus expense coming back in and things like that, where you end up with less production or less benefit out of revenue growth, because expenses are rising faster than they normally would. And then as it relates to the amount of the EBITDA from those other assets, Greg or Larry, do you have a number for that we can give him or can we take it back to him later?
Gregory Larson: No, we can talk about that. I mean, as you mentioned, Helmsley, you talked about $35 million of EBITDA once it becomes a Westin this year. It's more like $5 million, so we have $5 million in our guidance. Hyatt, we're talking about a number that's around $30 million and then there's some EBITDA from New Zealand, Larry, in that number as well.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, that's roughly $18 million.
Operator: We'll now hear from Bill Crow with Raymond James Financial.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: On the CapEx front, you may have given the number, but what is maintenance CapEx forecast at for 2011? And going along with that, what sort of pressure are you starting to feel, if any, from the brands to renovate assets that may have been put on the sideline over the past couple of years?
W. Edward Walter: Bill, I think on maintenance CapEx, we're looking at that being about, I think it was $260 million to $280 million for this year. I would say that as it relates to pressure from the brand, it is logical that as we work our way back through the recovery, that the brands will be tougher about maintaining brand standards at hotels. I don't foresee that to be a huge issue for us simply because we've continued to maintain our hotels throughout the entire down cycle. And while there will be occasional places where we may find that we need to invest more perhaps because we postponed some investments over the last couple of years, I don't see that as a huge concern for us.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: And then from an acquisition perspective, perspectively, are you comfortable with $200 million of cash on the balance sheet at this point throughout this kind of down cycle and ultimate recovery? And when we go back to 2001, you had always padded with a little more cash. Are you okay with the level of cash now after these transactions?
W. Edward Walter: Bill, I think the short answer to that question is yes. Liquidity, the part of the reason why we maintained higher amounts of cash before was in part because liquidity has become so uncertain in our industry that you just couldn't have the confidence that you could access the debt market to the extent that you need it to raise capital. And frankly, at some points in time over the course of the downturn, I had some concerns about whether or not -- you just didn't know when it was going to stop falling, and so you couldn't necessarily rely on your credit facility without running the risk of potentially seeing a covenant to fall. Our world right now is a lot different. I mean, the access to capital is quite good, especially for a company like Host. Senior notes market is certainly an easy source of capital for us as we look to access additional debt capital. And our credit facility, as Larry detailed, has another -- we should easily qualify for the extension to take us into 2012. And I think our sense is that while pricing might turn out to be a bit more expensive than the deal we negotiated back in '06 or '07, which where we had inside 100 basis points in terms of our cost of funds on the credit facility, we'll still be able to negotiate a new credit facility going forward. So when you take all of that into play and look at the general significant improvement in the liquidity situation, for us to have $200 million of capital available or $200 million of cash available is more than enough.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: I think overnight, InterContinental announced their intent to sell the Barclays in Midtown. Is that a sort of asset? It seems very similar to the opportunity with the Helmsley. Is that something that you would take a look at?
W. Edward Walter: Certainly we like New York as a market. And so I could see that that would be an asset we'd at least spend some time on. I would tell you in general that with the acquisitions that we've completed in New York at this point in time, we feel fairly good about our overall level of representation in that market. And certainly, as it relates to the broad submarket that includes the Barclays, we now have the Helmsley and we have the W on Lexington. So I would say that it's something we would take a look at, but not a huge priority.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: A follow up to the earlier question on the key money. With developments still on the sidelines and the brands seeming more willing and in some cases desperate to find unit growth, I'm curious what changes have you seen in their willingness to provide those incentives or in what form do they typically prefer to give them? Is it key money or will they relax all their terms and conditions?
W. Edward Walter: Yes, Jeff, it depends on the individual operator. The discussion points on these sort of issues start with key money, but they also go to contract terms. That can either be structure of the fees. In some cases, you may look for a ramp up of fees. It obviously can go to where the priority would be above what you might be paying incentive management fees. And then the other issue is the term of the agreement and the ability to terminate that agreement in connection with the sale or convert it to a franchise. So there are a variety of different ways to address the value of the management contract to the value of the management contribution with the deal. I will tell you that while we're always interested in key money, we probably put a greater focus on attractive contract terms, because we tend to view that as a better contributor to overall value in the long run.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then on the Hyatt, if I could circle back to that, someone else mentioned that other REITs had looked in that transaction as well. And we had heard it was fairly complicated, like there's the ground lease in the Port District and potentially Manchester's involvement. Are you able to share with us any terms of the ground lease or details of the owner's substructure that might make it a little less straightforward of a transaction?
W. Edward Walter: I think that as that deal worked its way through the various twists and turns in the last 12 months, I'm sure that there are a variety of different structures that were being considered by the Manchester Group and by others that they might have been negotiating with. Ours is relatively straightforward from the standpoint that we bought the asset and we own 100% of the asset. There is no residual interest in the property or in the transaction for Manchester. The structure of our consideration does include some level, relatively small level of common and preferred operating partnership units which are a part of just some tax structuring that the Manchester Group is doing, but it doesn't involve any continued ownership of the asset. So it ultimately, in our case, came out as a fairly straightforward transaction.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And I'm curious, now that you own basically every major convention hotel in San Diego except for the new Hilton, I recognize they're different flags. Are there any efficiencies that you guys can gain by running these hotels that are almost nearly adjoining?
W. Edward Walter: We think that there are some opportunities to find efficiencies in owning the Hyatt and the Marriott next to each other. I think some of it -- there are probably scenarios where by soliciting vendors and kind of presenting that opportunity to very efficiently serve two large hotels. I mean, when we put these two hotels together, we're looking at 3,000 rooms. There should be some abilities to attract some better pricing. I think that in some ways where we see the bigger opportunity will come on the revenue side, not dissimilar from what we've been able to work out in Boston, where we own both the Marriott and the Sheraton at the Hyatt Center, that sort of brackets the Hyatt Center. We have found that once you have common ownership, they're still going to run themselves, they're still going to market themselves independently because they're run by different operators. The reality is that putting an umbrella of common ownership over two large great hotels like this will allow them to better coordinate some of their activities. And so I think what we'll get out of that is both we'll have that ability to compete. Again, with 3,000 rooms, we can compete with anybody, including Vegas. So we'll have that ability to compete for business in maybe a more direct manner than we had in the past. And I also think what you just get is a higher level of cooperation between the hotels as they're dealing with an opportunity with a group in either side. There's probably a little bit more of a willingness to share that, recognizing that ultimately that it's a common owner that's going to benefit from it. I think it was one of the unique opportunities that this asset presented to us. Because as I said before, we really like the market and we think we significantly strengthened our position in that market.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I'm curious, how do you think about some of the other domestic asset cultures that you have? I mean, you own some fairly iconic assets in Orlando and Atlanta and even San Antonio. You may have less cluster there, but they don't have the same high barrier qualities as the San Diego and maybe you don't need to own as many of those assets. Do you think that over the next few years, you might look to pare assets in those markets or even nearer term, just given how frothy it is, the demand is for high-quality assets right now?
W. Edward Walter: Certainly, I think some of those markets that you just referenced are markets where we do not feel that we necessarily need to continue to own those assets forever. I mean, we talked a bit about the fact that we're tending to focus our portfolio a bit more on the Coast than in Chicago. Atlanta is a market that we have had a significant representation in for a number of years, and we've generally been trying to reduce our representation there. I probably would put San Antonio in that same category. So the short answer is I think you're right. We're not in a rush to sell those hotels. What we'd be looking to do is to try to time it in a way where we thought we were getting appropriate price and appropriate value for, in each case, assets that are in great physical condition or are well known within their marketplace.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Walter for any closing comments.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you, everybody. We appreciate you having on the call to discuss the end of last year and the beginning of 2011. We are optimistic about what this year holds for us. We look forward to speaking with you in our first quarter call at the end of April to update you on how the year is going. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Larson - SVP, IR Ed Walter - President & CEO Larry Harvey - EVP & CFO
Analysts:  Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Joe Greff - JPMorgan Smedes Rose - KBW Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts Incorporated Third quarter earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Larson: Well thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts third quarter earnings call. Before we begin I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results and then we'll describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2010. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our third quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following the remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now here is Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another strong quarter with solid RevPAR growth driven for the first time in a while by improvements in average rates and continued transaction activity as we completed great acquisitions in several key target markets.  First, let's talk about our third quarter results. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the third quarter increased 8.8% driven by an increase in our average rate of 4.5% and an increase in occupancy of 2.9 percentage points. Our average rate was $162 and our average occupancy for the quarter was 73.3%. Our properties benefited from strong group demand which drove a 6.2% increase in comparable food and beverage revenues, ancillary revenues, net of cancellation fee increased by just 1.6%. Comparable hotel revenue growth of 6.9% combined with an increase in comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin of 150 basis points resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $163 million for the third quarter which represented an increase of $24 million from the prior year. FFO per diluted share after a reduction of $0.02 related to debt repayment and acquisition costs was $0.11 for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis comparable hotel RevPAR increased 5.6% and comparable F&B revenues grew just 4.3%. Total year-to-date revenue growth of 3.7% combined with comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins that declined 20 basis points, resulted in a year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $539 million and year-to-date FFO per diluted share of $0.42. RevPAR growth in our portfolio has been consistently strong since April of this year. As we have transitioned more fully into a recovery, the composition of that RevPAR growth has turned more favorable as the improvement has been increasingly driven by increases in average rate. We are also continuing to benefit from a shift in business mix towards higher rated segments, and these improving demand trends allow us to be less reliant on just booking discounted business. While these trends were apparent in both our group and transient businesses during the third quarter the actual beneficial impact differed. On the transient front our 8.6% revenue improvement was primarily driven by an increase in transient rate of nearly 7% led by an 11% average rate increase in our premium corporate business. Our overall transient demand growth of nearly 2% was generated primarily by an increase of 34% in special corporate business, which more than offset a 7% reduction in discount room night. We would expect to see additional strengthening on the rate side as our business mix continues to shift more towards the higher rated segment, and as the impact of last year's special corporate rate which were determined during the weak environment diminished and are replaced by higher price contracts. On the group side the strengthening demand trend we have been enjoying all year carried into the third quarter as group revenues improved by more than 9%. The bulk of this improvement was caused by an almost 8% increase in room night although we still benefited from a 1.3% increase in average rate, which was our first average rate increase in the group sector since the fourth quarter of 2008. The demand growth was led by association businesses which grew by more than 11% and our luxury corporate segment which increased by 27%. While we benefited from demand growth in all segments; the lowest increase was in the discount segment. Adjusted with the pattern we have been experiencing this year our booking cycle continues to be very short-term. Bookings in the quarter, for the quarter exceeded last year's strong pay and well above levels we experienced in 2007. Group booking activity for the fourth quarter is up nearly 6% compared to 2009 with the improvement occurring over the last 90 days as our fourth quarter room night pace was negative as the start of the third quarter. As we look out to 2011, our booking pace for the combined first three quarters is up slightly and we would expect that surplus to strengthen as we progress into the year. On the investment front, we completed several transactions over the last few months, some of which we discussed with you during our call in July. In addition to the purchase of the Westin Chicago River North which was announced on our last call. We closed on the acquisition of the W New York-Union Square and the Le Meridien Piccadilly which is located in the Mayfair district of London. These three acquisitions represent a solid cross-section of the types of transactions we are seeking to complete, the [total] assets located in major urban gateway markets that can appeal to both business and leisure travelers. We are confident that these assets will outperform the industry over the course of the cycle. Today's earnings release, we announced the fourth acquisition that matches that profile, the 245-room JW Marriott Hotel, Rio de Janeiro our first hotel in Brazil. This high end property is in a prime location across from the Copacabana Beach and close to the city Central Business District. The hotel is approximately 7,300 square feet of meeting space, it includes the 2,300 square foot ball room, it also has a rooftop pool with spectacular views of the city and the coastline. This hotel represents our fourth investment in Latin America and we are hopeful that it will facilitate further investment into the dynamic resilient market. These four hotels were purchased for a combined price of 478 million and reflect a 2010 EBITDA multiple of slightly less than 14 times. So actively we project our acquisition prices represent more than a 25% discount through replacement cost. This is a unique period of time in the acquisition market as the spread between unlevered return and our cost of capital has rarely been higher and the discount to replacement cost for an acquisition has seldom been more attractive.  We will continue to look for additional acquisition opportunity that meet our investment criteria. Overall we continue to have a solid pipeline our guidance for the remainder of the year doesn't include any additional deals beyond what we've announced today. Additionally, we have not included any further dispositions in our guidance for the reminder of the year.  Turning to our capital investment program, expenditures for the third quarter totals approximately 49 million and are 149 million year-to-date including 17 million of return on investment project for the quarter. For the full year, our expected capital expenditure estimate is $300 million to $320 million.  Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Overall, our strong performance in the third quarter and the solid booking activity for the fourth quarter suggests the RevPAR should increase between 5.5% and 6.5% for the year which reflects an increase over our prior guidance. However, this improvement is slightly offset by a more cautious outlook with respect to food and beverage and ancillary revenue. The revenue guidance combined with a comparable adjusted margin change of flat to up 15 basis points results in full year adjusted EBITDA of approximately $815 million to $830 million and FFO per diluted share of $0.67 to $0.69 which has been reduced by $0.04 to $0.05 per diluted share for debt repayment and acquisition costs. Given that we are in the very early stages of our budgeting process, we are not providing 2011 guidance at this point. However, as we look to next year we believe that the positive trends we are seeing now will continue resulting in improvements in RevPAR margins and EBITDA. We will give detailed 2011 guidance on our next call in February.  In closing, we are pleased with our performance this year and certainly this quarter and are optimistic about the trends we are seeing in our industry and look forward to carrying the momentum into 2011. We remain focused on pricing strategies that are assets for continued improvement on the rate side, on the investment front we are excited about the transactions we have completed over the last several months and are continuing to aggressively look for investment opportunities, both domestically and internationally.  Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry Harvey: Thank you Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. When looking at our portfolio based on property types, all of them performed very well for the quarter. Our urban hotels performed the best with a RevPAR increase of 9%. RevPAR for our resort conference hotels increased 8.7%, while RevPAR at our suburban and airport hotels increased 8.6% and 7.8% respectively. The two best performing markets for the quarter were New Orleans and Orlando, where we have one large hotel in each market. New Orleans property had a RevPAR increase of 28.3%, occupancy increased over 12 percentage points and ADR increased 8.3%.  The hotel benefited from a significant increase in group room nights and contract business related to the Gulf oil spill clean-up. For the fourth quarter, we expect the property to under perform the rest of the portfolio due to less city-wide business.  RevPAR for our Orlando property increased 26.7%, due to an occupancy increase of 14 percentage points and a slight decrease in ADR. Group demand, particularly association business increased significantly. We expect the hotel to under perform the portfolio in the fourth quarter due to lower levels of group business and the start of the rooms' renovation at the hotel.  The Chicago market continued to outperform the portfolio with a 14.2% improvement in RevPAR. Although there were too fewer city-wide events in the quarter, occupancy increased three percentage points and ADR improved 9.4% as our hotels benefited from higher levels of in-house group business. A positive shift in the mix of transient business, as well as actual rate increases drove the ADR growth. We expect our Chicago hotels to perform in line with the portfolio in the fourth quarter.  Our Boston hotels with a RevPAR increase of 14.5% continue to perform exceptionally well. Occupancy increased 5.8 percentage points and ADR grew 6.9%. The out performance was driven by nearly a 30% improvement in group and city-wide room nights. Our five hotels in the market averaged nearly 87% occupancy for the quarter. However, we expect the Boston market to under perform the portfolio in the fourth quarter due to fewer city-wide room nights and the ballroom renovation at the Sheraton Boston.  Our New York hotels had another great quarter with a RevPAR increase of 12.9% as rate increased 12.4% and occupancy increased slightly. For the quarter, our New York hotels had nearly 91% occupancy. At these levels we have been limiting the number of groups and driving transient business and rates. As a result, transient ADR increased 15.4%. We expect New York City to have a very good fourth quarter even with rooms' renovations at the New York Marriott Marquee and the Sheraton New York Hotel & Towers. As we discussed on the second quarter call, we expected our Hawaiian hotels to finally turn the corner in the third quarter and they did. RevPAR increased 11.8%. Occupancy improved 8.3 percentage points due primarily to a significant improvement in group demand. The increase in airline capacity helped results for the quarter. While both of our hotels will have some of their rooms out of service due to renovations; we still expect them to continue to outperform the portfolio in the fourth quarter.  The Denver market continues to perform well with the RevPAR improvement of 11.8%. A significant increase in group and transient demand drove occupancy up 7.2 percentage points. For the fourth quarter, we expect Denver to continue to outperform the portfolio as we expect those group and transient demand to remain strong.  RevPAR for our San Francisco hotels increased 11% due to higher levels of transient demand. Occupancy was up 5.3 percentage points and ADR improved 3.9%. Improvement in special corporate and corporate demand lead to a transient ADR increase of 6.5%. We expect our San Francisco hotels to perform in line with the portfolio in the fourth quarter.  RevPAR for our San Antonio hotels fell 7%, as occupancy dropped 6.6 percentage points and rate increased 2.3%. The poor performance was due to lower transient and group demand. We expect our San Antonio hotels to rebound in the fourth quarter, and outperform the portfolio due to a substantial increase in group and city wide demand. As expected our Phoenix hotel struggled in the third quarter due to the renovation of a significant amount of the meeting space at two of our hotels and the construction of a new ballroom at the Western Kierland. RevPAR declined 9.8% as occupancy fell 4.3 percentage points and ADR decreased 1.8%. We expect our Phoenix hotels to continue to underperform the portfolio as the renovation and construction projects at the Western Kierland continue in the fourth quarter. Year-to-date New Orleans has been our top performing market with a RevPAR increase of 16.9% followed by Boston with an increase of 16.8%, New York with an increase of 12.6% and Miami Fort Lauderdale with a RevPAR increase of 10.1%. Our worst performing market was San Diego with a RevPAR decrease of 5.8%. However our San Diego hotels started to rebound in the third quarter and we expect them to significantly outperform the portfolio in the fourth quarter. For our European joint venture RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 10.3% for the quarter due to an 8% improvement in occupancy and a slight decline in ADR. The Crowne Plaza, Amsterdam and the Westin Palace, Madrid outperformed the rest of the portfolio. While the Renaissance Brussels was the poorest performer, primarily due to our rooms renovation. On a year-to-date basis, RevPAR calculated in constant euros increased 6.1%. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels increased 150 basis points, our best performance of the year. This occurred despite the significant reduction in the level of cancellation and attrition fees and a meaningful increase in bonus expense in 2010, which when combined resulted in a 100 basis point reduction in margins. Rooms flow-through was excellent for the quarter, at 80.1% as flow-through benefited from the ADR increase and productivity improvements that led to flat wages and benefits on a per occupied room basis. Food and beverage flow-through was lower than expected as groups remain cautious of ancillary spending preferring to purchase lower margin items. Unallocated cost increased 7% for the quarter. This increase was primarily driven by expenses that are variable with revenues, including credit card commissions, reward programs and cluster and shared service allocations. Utility cost increased 6.2% primarily due to higher electricity usage particularly in the Northeast where some of our major markets such as Boston and New York and Washington, D.C had a substantial increase in the number of 90 degree plus days. Property taxes declined 1% while property insurance decreased approximately 20%. Looking out to the full year, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to be up 15 basis points at the high end of the RevPAR range and flat at the low end of the range. These amounts have been reduced by 70 basis points for the year-over-year difference in cancellation and attrition fees and 30 basis points for incremental property level bonus expense. We currently own a leasehold interest in 53 Courtyards and 18 Residence Inns, which were sold to Hospitality Properties Trust and leased back in 1995 and 1996. In 1998 we subleased these 71 properties to a third party with initial lease terms expiring in 2010 and 2012. In the third quarter the subtenants failed the net worth covenant, and we terminated the sublease in order to not trigger a default under our lease. Accordingly, we now act as owner under the management agreement and we started to record property-level revenues and expenses from the date of the sublease termination instead of rental income and rental expense. While the sublease terminations affected revenues and expenses, there is no effect on the quarter's operating profit or net income from the termination. We have recourse against the parent of the subtenants and the subtenants, and expect them to continue to fund the majority of the deficit. We gave notice that we will terminate the lease on the 18 Residence Inn properties effective December 31, 2010, at which time we expect that our $70 million of differed proceeds plus some cash collateral will be returned by HPT. In 2010 we also intend to give notice that we will terminate the lease on the 53 Courtyard effective December 31, 2012, at which time our $50 million of differed proceeds, plus some cash collateral will also be returned. During the quarter we redeemed $225 million of our 718 Series K senior notes for $230 million. We finished the quarter with over $838 million of cash and cash equivalents, and over $540 million of capacity on our line of credit. After taking into consideration the acquisition of the JW Marriott Rio de Janeiro subsequent to the end of the third quarter and the pending (inaudible) of the $115 million mortgage on the W Union Square later this month, we would have approximately $670 million in cash and cash equivalents. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). And our first question will come from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: First question is, Marriott on their conference call recently made some comments regarding the ramp of their incentive fees which apparently was lower than many people have been expecting. Just wondering from your perspective as owners of hotels, as owners of Marriott branded hotels, if you could share with us what percentage of your portfolio is still under the owner's priority returns and when do you expect those properties to start paying incentive fees?
Ed Walter: Sure. At this point I think as we look out towards the end of year we are expecting that roughly a third of our hotels will be paying incentive management fees. And logically as we continue to move upwards in terms of EBITDA that number will increase.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: If you have to think about and I know projections are hard. But if you have to think about through 2011, do you think by the end of 2011, you are, I don't know, two-thirds of the way there? 
Ed Walter: No. I mean it would be very difficult to speculate on the fly on that particular point because it's so unique to each individual asset. But just remembering back to the pace which we recovered in 2004, '05 and '06, it was a far more moderate transition than that.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And just getting to your special corporate business which is clearly ramping, I am wondering if you could, and I know we are still in the process in the RFP process but if you could give us some thoughts about where you think rates might come out for 2011?
Ed Walter: I don't know that I could add much more than what Barney would have speculated on the call last week. You can rest assure that we are wholeheartedly supporting the efforts of our operators to obtain meaningful increases from our special corporate customers. I think we are probably still a little early in those negotiations to have a clear read. Certainly some of the contracts that has been negotiated are coming in at the high single-digits, some times better. But, I think it's still up in the air and see how strong they ultimately end up.  One thing is for sure that was, where there has been a drag on our numbers this year, it should certainly start to contribute to average rate increases next year.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: All right, okay. And final question, on your last call you were indicating you would start looking at dispositions probably more likely next year or the year after. I am just wondering are there any particular geographic regions or brands that no longer fit with your overall strategy.
Ed Walter: Certainly there would be no particular brand that we would be trying to sell from. I think we are very comfortable with all of the brand partners that we have. In terms of regions I think broadly speaking we are probably more focused on the coast with the exception of Chicago and less focused on the interior of the country. And so some of those would be the sorts of locations that we would be more likely to sell; but having said that I think what you are going to find is that next year we'll have some level of acquisitions, we hope. A lot of that's going to be dependent upon both the performance of the assets that we are looking to sell meaning, have they started to come back closer to their peak operating levels.  So that we will feel comfortable that we are getting good pricing and we don't need to sell assets right now from a liquidity perspective. Selling assets is more about reaping value where we think we've created as much as we can and then it's also a part of just over time repositioning the portfolio, that bulk of the portfolio is located at higher growth market.
Operator: And our next question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff : Ed, you talked about I guess caution with respect to food and beverage and catering revenues associated with the group stuff. Is that specific to just a handful of markets, I know Marriott referenced that last week as well and then when you look at your 2011 group pace, the first three quarters of next year that data point that you referenced, are you seeing any improvements on the non-room revenue side? Thanks.
 JPMorgan: Ed, you talked about I guess caution with respect to food and beverage and catering revenues associated with the group stuff. Is that specific to just a handful of markets, I know Marriott referenced that last week as well and then when you look at your 2011 group pace, the first three quarters of next year that data point that you referenced, are you seeing any improvements on the non-room revenue side? Thanks.
Ed Walter: With respect to which markets we are seeing the greater effect, I sense that we had and looking through our numbers that there wasn't a market difference. I think what you are just seeing is the good news that the customers are meeting again, groups are coming back to properties and the events are happening. I think what we've found over the course of the summer and as we looked out into the fourth quarter, is that they were probably being a bit more cautious about what they spent on food and beverage specifically on break that seemed to be areas we talked to the operator where we were feeling the most impact.  Its just coffee and water and soda instead of more elaborate food displayed and that affected the group's spending is per customer is down just a little bit and I wouldn't want to describe this as any kind of a sea change from our perspective but it was. We were expecting a little bit more in the third quarter and as we look out to the fourth quarter we realized that we should probably moderate our expectations there. The other thing that kind of happened on that side that I referred to in my comments that I think is a little tied into the ancillary revenue of this issue is that on the ancillary revenue side we're not seeing quite as much spending in spas and golf as we might have anticipated. You know with the strong increase in occupancy that we've had, we would have normally expected those revenues to trend up a little bit more aggressively.  Now if you look at where we ended up, I think we're probably up about 4% increase in occupancy, yet our ancillary revenues were only up about 1%. Again I don't think it's a major issue. It's just we were hoping that we were going to see a little bit more growth on that side. And I think what you're finding is consistent with the fact that groups are spending a little bit less on some food items. They're also spending a little bit less on some of the activities that are happening around events.  Now as we look in to next year, I don't know that we have enough data yet to necessarily draw a firm conclusion. I would expect that if you rather than thinking about what happened in prior recovery, typically what happens is that once first groups have to start to meet, then the next year you start to see folks be willing to spend a little bit more on the event in order to make the event a little bit more special. And we tend to start to benefit from that of course.  The other thing that will hopefully start to happen, and so far we've have only seen this happen in a couple of markets, is at some point the dynamics around the competition for leading space in hotels at certain high targeted times will begin to allow us to again to charge meeting room rental. And that of course, there is a flow-through on that particular revenue item is excellent.  We've been able to charge it in some markets this year, this last quarter, but not very many. Those occupancies continue to improve. I think there is a greater likelihood we'll start to see that next year, and that will factor into this equation too.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Smedes Rose with KBW.
Smedes Rose - KBW:   When you are looking at your acquisitions, is there more sort of opportunity on the domestic side or the international side? I guess I have been a little surprised by the amount of the internationally you are looking at and on that I think Marriott was the owner of the Rio hotel. I am just curious had you looked at that property before and things just came together to make it a purchase opportunity now versus in past years?
Ed Walter:  With respect to the JW in Rio de Janeiro we had looked at that asset over the last couple of years. There were some title challenges with that asset that needed to be resolved before Marriott could execute a sale transaction and so once those were resolved it was possible for the two of us to negotiate but it was something that we had been interested in really as far back as two years ago. I think its somewhat coincidence or opportunistic in terms of the timing that we've had that of the first four properties we've bought, two of them have been located outside the US and two were located inside the US. I still suspect that on general, the majority of the acquisitions that we complete will be domestic. It's just that we have active in these other markets; we have been working in these other places for a while. We felt comfortable with the opportunities when they presented themselves and so we acted on them but by and large there are pipeline still has more assets that we're looking at that are domestic in nature than those that are international.
Smedes Rose - KBW: And then can you just comment on if the cost pressure I guess building for next year for the employees at the property level. I mean do you have a sense of how much that needs to go up the next year?
Ed Walter: I think the operators are still sorting that issue out but I don't believe that we're necessarily looking at anything that would be beyond what you think, usually the Employment Cost Index has a tendency to trend a half or so points above the CPI. I would suspect that if you look into 2011, you will probably find that wage increases will trend slightly above inflation kind of consistent with the long-term average. We are not getting the sense that there is going to be any major movement to sort of which I think is where your question is ultimately focused, is there is going to be a movement to try to catch up on some of the lower wage increases that might have happened over the last couple of years and so far we are not hearing that. And as we've talked a little bit, one of the things that might help offset some of those changes over the course of the year plus as Larry had talked about several times in his comments that we had some pressure in the broad salary and wage area because those bonus expense kind of coming back into our P&L as the properties perform much better than anticipated, certainly much better than last year. We still have bonus expense for next year but as you think about year-over-year changes, that bonus expense should not be significant in the year-over-year context as it was in 2010.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Ryan Meliker with Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: Good morning guys, I just had two quick questions. First one on your 2010 RevPAR guidance and I guess the implied guidance for 4Q, looks like it's got about a 5.5% to 9% range for 4Q coming in at 8.8% in 3Q. Is there anything you are seeing that leads you to believe that RevPAR growth might moderate, is it the renovations you are working on, there is something going that would lead us to believe the things are getting worse in 4Q as opposed to getting better?
Ed Walter: No, I wouldn't read into our number, any sense that things are getting weaker. I think that the comp gets slightly more difficult in Q4. But I think that the one thing we did comment on as Larry went through the different markets is that we do have some renovations happening at some of our larger hotels that are going to hit in November and December of this year. Now the reason those renovations are targeted for that time of year is traditionally business demand levels and volume levels are lower. So we hope that there will be the less disruption, but in terms of thinking through what was going to likely happen in the quarter we were thinking that we should at least provide for some room for conservatism in case the impact turned out to be greater than we expected. Clearly we've had a lot of questions and meetings and sort of I think there's in the industry about the potential impact of some of the slowing that we saw in the economy during really the late spring and during the early summer and whether that's going to have any impact on our operations. And clearly that's something that we have been focused on. Now the short answer on that is that we have continued to see very good demand. September is based on preliminary results was up 9.5%. So September for us meaning, September for our monthly hotels including 2010 for our Marriott International hotels. So that's favorable compared to where we are for the third quarter.  Booking pace continues to follow the same pattern of being about in line a quarter out and then getting very strong during that quarter proceeding the actual quarter that happens and then bookings in the quarter continue to be good. We are also comfortable about the fact that as demand has continued to improve we are finding better and better ability to both stop a limit providing discounts to customers to solicit business and at the same time to begin to move rates. And of course the broader economic or the broader fundamental in all of this is that supplies is moderating consistently through the year and will be even low as we work our way into next year. So the net of it is that it is something we've been watching carefully. We've been looking carefully at every monthly report we get to try to see if there is anything that's suggesting that there is weakness. And I think really what's happening at least as it relates to our portfolio, which of course is very focused on urban market and has always benefited a lot from corporate travel is despite the fact that GDP growth has not been as strong as people might have hoped or certainly might have predicted earlier in the year, we're continuing to see that corporate investment and corporate profitability are very strong and frankly are coming in better than where people thought in the beginning of the year, and even better than where people thought at the beginning of the third quarter. We benefit from that trend because whenever investment is up corporate travel seems to be up. At least that's what history suggests. So I think that's why you're seeing the results that we are having. The good news for us is we worked a little bit further forward, is that the outlook for this point for corporate investment for next year is to be even stronger than what we're seeing this year.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: And then one other question on rooms operating margins, obviously you guys did a great job this quarter with an 80% flow through on the rooms department. I think last quarter you mentioned that, typically towards the peak of the disparity between the rate growth and occupancy growth you get to plus or minus 80% flow through, yet you really do that at only about 50% split between rate growth and occupancy growth. If I were going to assume maybe rate growth is up 80% of RevPAR growth in 2011, is it realistic to believe we could exceed that 80% flow through or do you think 80% sort of peaks at, costs will start to go up a little bit more?
Ed Walter: I think you could have been there certainly within individual quarters you could do better than the 80% but, A, a little bit more is probably in the context of the full year. I don't know that I'd be more aggressive than that.
Operator: And next we will hear from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: Ed, if I can just build on Smedes' earlier question about the valuation proposition between domestic and foreign properties, just given the debate about that long-term health of the U.S. economy and what might be entailed I mean get us back on the upward trend. Do you think it might better served, placing more dollars outside the U.S. in future years?
Ed Walter: Jeff, it's a really good question and it's one of the things that we have thought a lot about as we've gone through our different strategic planning exercises. Certainly as you look around the world and focus on market flag, Brazil, India, China, you certainly see a lot better economic growth to what we are projecting to see in the U.S. and we know that economic growth ultimately translates into hotel demand growth. And that's the most fundamental reason why we felt it was important to explore our opportunities internationally. Today, international probably when you total up the amount of investments that we have in our portfolio in international markets, it's roughly in the 7% to 8%. That's counting in U.S., just our share of the JV and not the total magnitude of the assets that are there. But as we look into the future, if we continue to feel that we can invest successfully in those markets, every country is a little bit different and every market is a little bit different. So as we continue to prove to ourselves that we can successfully invest outside the US, I think for the very reason you suggest that we would feel comfortable in having that percentage increase in efforts to try to give us broader exposure to markets that are going to grow better than where the US is going to grow. 
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: You know just looking here at the US, I am curious how concerned are you that maybe some of the current prices that we see on transactions are being somewhat influenced by the low rate environment that exists out there and maybe a rising rate environment in future years. Could you asset appreciation potential because certainly most assets prices aren't top as much as the cash flow certainly would bear out? 
Ed Walter: Yeah I think right now I would feel comfortable that given the reduction in profitability that at least the markets that we are looking and experienced, I would feel pretty comfortable that even if we ultimately come back to a rising rate environment frankly I hope that we do because it would suggest a healthier economy. I would feel comfortable that the increases in EBITDA that we would expect to benefit from would certainly keep asset pricing well above where it is today.  I mean at the end of the day pricing should in most markets move much closer to replacement cost and as I mentioned in our comments we think we are buying at a meaningful discount to replacement cost. The increasing interest rate or the low levels of interest rates, they have had some effect certainly on the ability of people to pay some of the prices that they paid. Where this is not quite as debt driven in acquisition environment right now that's what we saw in the '05, '06 and '07 timeframe.  Leverages plays a role in deals but it's not the driver behind deals right now because you just can't get leverage at the same level that you could get before. So none of it is, you will probably see cap rates go up over the next two or three years but I think some of that is going to be reflective of. It will little bit because rates are a little bit higher and it will be because as we start to progress through the growth phase that we all expect to see in these assets '11, '12 and '13 there's usually a little bit of moderation that comes, the anticipated growth rate moderates too.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: And since you brought it up, about replacement cost I am sure that your thoughts are on the prospects for development. And I don't mean just full service in the urban markets that maybe more [proudly] in the industry. And I know that the conventional wisdom is development sort of off the table for an extended period of time but the transaction pricing we are seeing in the market today for key basis is pretty close to where it was in 2004 to 2005 when many folks were actually starting construction life cycle I think that Marriott's correct on their 2011 outlook.  The industry is going to be getting pretty close to being within striking distance, say by 2012, of sort of peak revenues or nearing on peak profitability, we saw last time and construction costs are arguably lower. I am curious, I mean I know its not today but do you think in the next 12 months we could hear increasing signs of construction activity or do you think that that's still going to be off the table as we look forward.
Ed Walter: Certainly, from the standpoint of full service development I think I would be surprised if we saw real progress towards a lot of new development in the next 12 to 24 months. And I still tend to look towards the levels of supply growth that we saw in three, four, five and six as being indicative of what's likely to happen in '11, '12, '13 at least '11, '12 and '13. When I compare the two periods, even assuming we have the same rate of recovery that we had last time which I think is feasible, the reality is as we started a little bit lower, so the gap between value and replacement cost is certainly as great if not greater. The availability of financing in today's environment for new construction is weaker than what we experienced in the early part of the last decade. So while financing conditions are trending in the right direction, I don't see a lot of lenders racing to provide loans for new hotels. And that, that will be necessary in order for construction to really increase.  So, I think you're right, the value from the standpoint that values have recovered maybe a bit more quickly than people were projecting. The bulk of the reason behind that is the cash flows are recovering more quickly than people have projected. That will ultimately support new construction, but I think we have got a fair amount of time before that's going to happen.  Now, having said that, that's a full service discussion, I think it's even tougher in the luxury market. Luxury sells more, and luxury the last time was subsidized by a lot of condominium construction where the hotel was an amenity to a condo project. That's only going to make sense in markets that have a vibrant condo market, and I don't see that happening in the near term in most of the major markets across the country. We probably will see some limited service construction sooner than we'll see full service construction. Those properties are smaller, they are easier to finance, the numbers have always tended to work sooner with that type of a product. And so I suspect that when we do start to see supply numbers begin to trend upwards instead of continuing to trend downwards, it will be because of additional supply in that segment.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: Just one quick final question if I could, I know you haven't given 2011 guidance, but as you think about that next year, what do you think will be the bigger driver of your RevPAR outlook? Is it just incremental demand overall, higher rates or more of a mix shift just between the existing rate category?
Ed Walter:  Well certainly it will be all of the above. I meant we are encouraged by the fact that while the occupancy rebound this year has been strong as it has been. But at the same time, we're encouraged just last quarter by how strong the rate contribution was. We're probably if you look at how we've done; we are still not quite 50% back. So, if you look at the drop that we had from 73, 74 in occupancy in '07 down to 66 last year. We are working our way back but we're probably at best about half way back on that recovery.  So I will still be expecting next year that we would continue to progress back towards our prior peak occupancy levels. But certainly as you work your way through the year next year rate will play an increasing role. And what's interesting is that as you look at what's happened to us this past quarter is that change in business mix has been helpful but we've also been able to get absolute changes in rate within particular segments. And I don't see any reason why that trend won't continue into next year.  So to sum that up my guess is by the time we get to the end of next year, we probably would find that rate was a bigger contributor to RevPAR growth than occupancy but both will contribute.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Walter for any closing remarks.
Ed Walter:  Great. Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and our outlook with you. And we look forward to talking when you following the close in 2010 with more detailed insights into 2011. Have a good remainder of the week.
Operator:  And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Gregory Larson  EVP, Corporate Strategy & Fund Management W. Edward Walter  CEO, President and Director Larry Harvey  CFO and EVP
Analysts:  Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Andrew Whitman  Baird Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC William Crow  Raymond James & Associates Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co Joshua Attie  Citigroup Inc Michael Billerman  Citigroup Inc Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank AG 
Operator: To begin, good day, and welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Incorporated Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over it to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Larson: Well, thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then we'll describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2010. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our second quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following the remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report that for the second straight quarter our operating results and trends were significantly better than we expected. The improving economy and resulting ramp up in demand generated sequential improvement in RevPAR throughout the quarter. This positive momentum has enabled us to increase our estimates for the second time this year, which I will discuss further in a moment. We've also been successful in placing some great hotels under contract, which will further enhance the quality of our portfolio. First, let's talk about our second quarter results. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the second quarter increased 8.1% driven by an increase in occupancy of 6 percentage points and offset by a slight decrease in our average rate of $0.07. Our average rate was at $165 and our average occupancy was 73.8%. Strong group business helped drive an 8.6% increase in food and beverage revenues. Overall revenue growth is 6.2% combined with flat comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $250 million for the second quarter and FFO per diluted share of $0.23. On a year-to-date basis, comparable hotel RevPAR increased 3.5%, and food and beverage revenues grew 3.1%. Total year-to-date revenue growth of 1.7% combined with comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins that declined 110 basis points, resulted in year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of 376 million and year-to-date FFO per diluted share of $0.31. I should note that RevPAR improved throughout the quarter, with period six achieving RevPAR growth of nearly aided by our first overall rate growth in over a year and a half. On a calendar-year-basis, our second quarter RevPAR was up nearly 10%. In general for the quarter the occupancy increase was better than we had expected and the average rate declined less than we anticipated resulting in a better than expected RevPAR and EBITDA. Turning to our business mix for the quarter, we continue to see positive demand trends which resulted in a substantial increase in overall room nights for the quarter of almost 9% compare to last year. More importantly, we are seeing demand recover specifically in our higher rated business segments for both group and transient. This is an extremely positive sign and suggests that hotels were becoming less reliant on discount as booking as demand continues to strengthen. Transient room nights increased 8%, led by an 11% increase in our Premium and Corporate segments and a 33% increase in the Special Corporate segment. The recovery and business travel that we experienced in the first quarter continued to gain momentum this quarter. In addition, the average rate in our Premium and Corporate businesses increased by more than 6% resulting in revenue growth of 8% in those segments. Conversely, we experienced a 1% decrease in discount room nights, which was the first decline in discount room nights, which was the first decline in this segment in 2007. This should be viewed as positive sign that hotels are more confident in their ability to attract higher rate of business travelers. Overall, the combination of higher rates and the positive shifts of business mix resulted in the transient average rate increase of almost 3% for the quarter, the first that's increased in two years leading to an increase in transient revenue of 11%. The recovery that begun in group businesses, the beginning of the year accelerated as total groups demand increased 10% for the second quarter lead by a 16% increase in corporate group. These trends were even more pronounced in our Luxury hotels, where group activity increased by 7% and corporate group was up by 34%. In the quarter for the quarter bookings in the discount segment grew approximately 33%, while higher rated association and corporate bookings grew 121% indicating that hotels are starting to rely less on the discount markets for short-term bookings and focus more on higher rate of business. The strong group demand combined with the gradual shifts and business mix held the average rate decline in the group to less than 5% and resulted in nearly a 5% increase in group revenues. Group booking activity in the third quarter is showing material improvement compared to 2009. At the beginning of the second quarter, booking pace for the third quarter was down about 2%. But by the end of the quarter, booking pace compared to the prior year had improved to an increase of roughly 8%, which reflect the continued short-term nature of our group booking and our limits of visibility. Our fourth quarter booking pace is also demonstrated sequential improvements albeit a more moderated phase. The positive results in the first half of the year combined with the strong third quarter booking pace should result in a meaningful improvement in group room nights for the full year compared to 2009. Transient bookings for the third and fourth quarter are also trending slightly ahead of last year, especially during the holiday period. Overall, improvement is still relying on the strength of the economy. But we are signs of improvement in business travels, which is a key component to driving the recovery and rising demands. On the investment front, we have several transactions to talk about. First, we signed an agreement to acquire the 270-room W New York Union Square in a joint venture with Union Square Real Holding Corporation through a pre-negotiated reorganization plan requiring U.S. Bankruptcy Court approval. Host will participate as a majority partner in the venture with the Eastern world to purchase the hotel. A subsidiary post will provide asset management services to the venture. The hotel is located on the Northeast corner of Union Square Park Avenue in 17th street adjacent to pre-eminent commercial and residential neighborhood near cultural attractions, fine dining and entertainment as well some of the best shopping in the city. The building was renovated, converted to a W Hotel and opened in November of 2000. While the hotel is heavily impacted by the downturn which lead to the recent bankruptcy filing, both New York and Lifestyle oriented properties are recovering quickly as is evidence by the year-to-date 34% RevPAR increased at our W New York Hotel on Lexington Avenue. We also recently signed an agreement to acquire the 424-room Westin Chicago River North for $165 million. The hotel is situated in a primary commercial center of the city and close to major tourist actions including the Magnificent Miles and Navy Pier in Millennium Park. The hotel is in excellent condition with large guest rooms and approximately 28,000 square feet of well-designed meeting space including an 8,400 square-foot ballroom. We expect to close this transaction in mid-August. Finally, we signed an agreement through our joint venture Asia to develop seven of core branded hotels at a total cost of $325 million in three major markets in India, Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai through a partnership with the Accor and InterGlobe, both of which have a proven track record of successfully developing and operating hotels in India. The portfolio consists of approximately 1,750 rooms, will have a strong upscale focus that will cater to India's growing corporate market. The timeline for opening these hotels ranges from early 2011 to early 2013. Our Asia joint venture expects to invest approximately $50 million in the transaction. We will continue to look for acquisition opportunities that meet our investment criteria and our guidance for the remainder of the year since that we will complete at least one additional deal, beyond what we've announce today given our very active pipeline. Additionally, we have not included any added dispositions in our guidance for the remainder of the year. Capital expenditures for the second quarter, total of approximately $50 million and $100 million year-to-date, including $33 million of return on investment projects. For the full year, our expected capital expenditure estimate is $300 to 320 million. Now, let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Our performance in the second quarter was significantly better than we anticipated and I previously referenced, our advance bookings for the third quarter are quite robust. As a result, despite the modest pullback in economic forecast for the remainder of the year, we believe that it is appropriate to further increase our forecast of our full year performance. We now expect RevPAR for the year to increased 4 to 5.5% with a comparable adjusted margin change of flat through a decline of 50 basis points. Based on these assumptions, full year adjusted EBITDA would be approximately $795 to 825 million and FFO per diluted share would be $0.56 cents to $0.70. In closing, we are up and have to think about the trends we are seeing in our business. Demand is continuing to strengthen and we are focus on our pricing strategy for continued improvement on the right side. On the investment process, we are excited about the transactions we announced today and we will continue to aggressively look for investment opportunity, both domestically and internationally. Thank you. And now let me turn this call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating financial performance in more detail.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our urban hotels performed the best during the quarter, with a RevPAR increased 9.9%. RevPAR for our suburban hotels increased 9.4%, while RevPAR at our airport and resort conference hotels increased 5.4% and 2%, respectively. As expected, our top performing market for the quarter was Boston, with a RevPAR increase of 23.8%. Occupancy increase nearly 30 percentage points and ADR increased 3.7%. Transient ADR was up 6% as the market benefited from compression with an increase group and citywide demand and a mix shift from discount rooms to retail and special corporate business. Some of the improvements was due to easier comparisons as the Boston Marriot Copley Place and Sheraton in Boston were under renovation on the second quarter of 2009. For the third quarter, we expect the Boston market to perform in line with the portfolio. RevPAR for the New Orleans Marriot increased 22.4% with an occupancy increase of 7.9 percentage points and a 10.5% increase in ADR. Group demand increased significantly allowing for an increase in transient rates for the quarter of 12.5%. We expect the hotel to have an outstanding third quarter due to additional citywide and group business as well as the benefit from demand generated by the Gulf oil spill containment and cleanup efforts. New York also had a great quarter. With a RevPAR increased of 19.1% as occupancy grew by 9.4 percentage points and rate increase 7%. Robust transient business and strong group bookings drove the improvement and demand. Transient ADR increased 14.2% due to shift in the mix of business and rate increases. We expect New York City to have a strong third quarter due to high levels of business transient and leisure demand. The Miami Fort Lauderdale market outperformed our expectations, with a RevPAR increased of 14.3%. Occupancy was up 11.7 percentage points while rate declined 2.9%. The outperformance was driven by growth and transient and group business as well as the impact of the late 2009 ballroom addition at the Harbor Beach Marriot Resort & Spa. We expect the Miami Fort Lauderdale market to have weak third quarter due to impact of the public space renovation at the Miami [Inaudible] Marriot and lower levels of group business. Orange County, a market that was extremely hard hit by the housing market meltdown, had RevPAR growth of 13.3% in the quarter. Both transient and group demand was strong as occupancy increase 10 percentage points, while ADR was down 1.5%. We expect the Orange County market to slightly underperform the portfolio in the third quarter due to a slight decline in group to group business. Before I address individual market performance, I wanted to mention that half of our top 20 markets had positive RevPAR for the quarter. Our top-performing market was Philadelphia with a RevPAR increased of 12.3%. Strong Transient, Citywide and Group business contributed to and occupancy increase of nearly 9% and an ADR decline of 2.8%. For the second quarter, we expect the Philadelphia market to underperform the portfolio due to lower levels of both transient and group demand. The San Antonio market also performed very well, with a RevPAR increased of 7.3%. A strong citywide calendar drove an increased in compression days leading to an increased in occupancy of 5.4% and limiting the rate decline to only 0.8%. We expect San Antonio to have a decent second quarter and a strong second half of the year. RevPAR for our San Francisco hotels increased 12.1% due to better transient and group demand. Occupancy was up 10.2 percentage points, while ADR declined 2.9%. We expect our San Francisco hotels to slightly underperform in the third quarter due to less citywide and group demand. The Chicago market recovered from a tough first quarter to post a 9.2% RevPAR increase that was driven by a significant increase in group and transient demand. Occupancy increased 7.6 percentage points, while ADR declined 2.7%. The Swissotel, with its recent addition of 38,000 square feet of meeting space, substantially outperformed the market with a RevPAR increase of 20.6%. We expect Chicago to outperform the portfolio in the third quarter and for the Swissotel to continue to perform exceptionally well.  RevPAR fell 2.7% for our Hawaiian hotels, as occupancy increase 7.6 percentage points due to strong transient demand while ADR fell 12.8 percent. Group demand was weak in the quarter. However, we expect the Maui market to outperform the portfolio in the third quarter due to continued improvements in airline capacity and stronger transient demand. RevPAR for our Phoenix hotel has declined 3.9% with a 6.3 percentage point increase in occupancy and a 12% drop in ADR, primarily due to significant discounting of group rates. Transient demand has remained relatively strong. We expect our Phoenix hotels to continue to struggle in the third quarter, particularly due to the renovation of a significant amount of the meeting space at two of our hotels and the construction of a new ballroom at the Western Kierland. As expected, the San Diego market continue to underperform due to a substantial decline in citywide and group demand and the absorption of the new Hilton that opened in 2009. RevPAR declined 12.8%, with an occupancy decline of 1.6 percentage points and a 10.8% decline in ADR. However, we expect our San Diego hotels to outperform the portfolio in the third quarter due to increased citywide activity. Year-to-date, Boston has been our top-performing market with a RevPAR increase of 18.5%; followed by New Orleans, with a RevPAR increase of 13%; New York with a RevPAR increase of 12.4%; and Miami Fort Lauderdale with a RevPAR increase of 11.9%. Our worst-performing markets have been San Diego, with a RevPAR decrease of 14.7%; and Hawaii, where RevPAR declined 7.7%. For our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in constant Euros increased 5.6% for the quarter. Occupancy increased 8.1 percentage points and ADR declined 5.8%. The Crown Plaza Amsterdam, The Sheraton Skyline in London and the Westin Palace Madrid outperformed the rest of the portfolio while the Hotel Arts Barcelona was the poorest performer. On a year-to-date basis, RevPAR calculated in constant Euros increased 3.2%. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels were flat, consistent with the first quarter; margins for the second quarter were significantly impacted by the level of cancellation and the attrition fees in 2009. In the second quarter of 2009, cancellation and attrition fees were approximately $16 million higher than the second quarter of 2010, accounting for 100-basis point reduction in margins. In addition, profit [ph] level bonus expense increased significantly in the quarter resulting in a 25-basis point reduction in margins. Strong rooms flow through as a challenge when there is a substantial increase in occupancy and a decrease in rate. However, rooms flow-through was excellent for the quarter at 70.6% as rooms cost per occupied room was flat. Food and beverage flow through was also very strong at 50.7%. The shift in the mix of business to more catering and audio visual revenues and a reduction in beverage cost as a percentage of revenue led to the outperformance. Contributing to the strong flow-through, productivity improvements led to a reduction in wages and benefits on a per occupied room basis. However, due to the overall increase in occupancy, wages and benefits increased 3.5%. Unallocated cost increased by 6% for the quarter. This increase was primarily driven by expenses that are variable with revenues, including credit card commissions, reward programs and cluster and shared service allocations. In addition, as we mentioned in the first quarter call, the cost related to implementation of new sales and marketing initiatives would impact margins for the rest of the year and they did in the second quarter. Showroom [ph] cost only increased 0.6% reflecting the impact of energy-saving capital improvements. Property taxes declined 2.8% while property insurance increased 15.6%. Looking out to the full year, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to be flat at the high-end of the RevPAR range and decreased 50 basis points at the low end of the range. These amounts have been reduced by 65 basis points for the year-over-year difference in cancellation and attrition fees and 25 basis points for incremental property level bonus expense. During the quarter, we redeemed approximately 4 million shares of our 8 7/8s Class E series of preferred stock for approximately $100 million. We finished the quarter with nearly $1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents and a full $600 million of capacity on our line of credit. After taking into consideration the acquisitions detailed in our press release, we would have approximately $925 million in cash and cash equivalents. This completes our prepared remarks, we are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first question from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning, guys.
W. Edward Walter: Good morning.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Just on that most recent comments you made on flow-through, which I thought was actually interesting. Can you just remind us at the peak or when your business is kind of going at full force, what you're flow-through typically is?
W. Edward Walter: You mean it depends on obviously what's coming from in the rooms area, what's coming from rate or what's coming from occupancy, but I'd say that we'll probably end up somewhere in the plus or minus 80% range on the room side when we're starting to get to the point where the bulk of the improvement is coming from rate. We've had some quarters that are higher than that. Food and beverage tends to is really tied more to whether the source of business is outlets or the source of business is banquet. The 50% flow-through we had this quarter was quite good. We've had some quarters that have been a little bit better but typically I think we would probably assume it would be slightly lower than that more in the 40s.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Okay. That's helpful, thank you. And just on your announcement regarding the JV in India, I know it's such a small part of your overall business and it looks like a great opportunity. I'm just wondering the hotels that the JV are investing in seems to be a little bit lower than the chain scale than you guys typically look at. So, I'm just wondering, is that all part of the opportunity or is there anything to read into that?
W. Edward Walter: Well I think it is part of the opportunity but as we have examined the emerging markets, especially India and China, we have felt that there is a better opportunity to invest more in some of these middle-tiers although not all of these hotels fit into that description, but we kind of felt that mid-scale and upscale versus upper upscale and luxury probably present a better opportunity, in part because as you look at the opportunity for increase in demand in India and China it is as much driven by the increasing wealth of those populations and more people moving into the middle class, which should, based on history, suggest more people traveling. But that class, when they start a travel is probably not going to be staying in a luxury hotels, they're going to need something that's a little bit more affordable. And that's really true whether it's for leisure or whether it's for business. So, bottom line is as we look at both India and China, while we would be interested in opportunities that were higher price points, our sense is that these are sort of the right price point to be investing in those markets.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Okay. That makes sense, thank you. And then you guys made two announcements regarding acquisitions. I was just wondering at this point what the temperature of the transaction market is, obviously that's a hot topic for you guys.
W. Edward Walter: I would say that clearly, as you've looked across the spectrum, you have seen us than others announced acquisition certainly at a quicker pace than what we saw last year. So, by definition the market is a little bit stronger. I would still say that as we  this is  we're nowhere near a hot market yet. What you're seeing happen at this point is, I think consistent with the way some of us has predicted which is whether its distress in the form of the W deal, where you have a deal that is essentially blown up, gone into the bankruptcy and needs to be worked out or it's a situation that we really face in the opportunity on the West and where there wasn't a distress situation but simply there was debt coming due in the near-term and the ultimately the owner made a decision that it was probably better to sell rather than try to refinance that debt. We're starting to see that in pending debt bubbles start to create in some passions and transactions. And I suspect that as we go forward over the next six to 12 months, we'll continue to see that those two forces are the primary motivation behind the transactions that happen. That doesn't mean that there won't be transactions that just happened because somebody has made a decision that take advantage of whatever capital to have it in asset and unsell because they have a better place to the deploy the capital, but I think it's still  in the near term it's more likely to be the other type of deal.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Great. Final question, just wondering, are there any other encumbered properties that you have concerns about right now?
W. Edward Walter: Any encumbered properties that we have?
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Yes.
W. Edward Walter: I think you know the bulk of our portfolio is unencumbered. It's actually one of the strengths of our balance sheet. The one property that we have dead on that we've disclosed is somewhat challenged is the Dessert Springs Marriott. That property is encumbered with  Larry, what is about 80 million?
Larry Harvey: $74 million.
W. Edward Walter: 74 million-dollar loan. It's currently not meeting debt service. We're covering the shortfall at this point, we continue to evaluate whether or not that decision makes sense going forward.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
W. Edward Walter: Okay.
Operator: And will that be all, Ma'am?
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Yes. I said thank you.
Operator: Okay, great. Mr. Andrew Whitman [ph] from Baird has our next question.
Andrew Whitman  Baird: Hi, guys. I guess I kind of want to dig in a little more than the transaction marquis. You said you're not modeling and you're guiding on any disposition since anything this quarter. Does that mean we shouldn't really expect anything? Are you still considering potential sales [inaudible]?
W. Edward Walter: The short answer to that is that it's unlikely that we will sell anything this year. That doesn't mean that some sort of an opportunity might not present itself that we would end up deciding to take advantage off. But our general stance right now is while in looking at the asset that we would like to sell. Our sense is that they would be better off marketing those in '11 and '12 as opposed to in 2010.
Andrew Whitman  Baird: Okay, makes sense. And then just again, I mean on the acquisition side, to kind of dig in a little bit deeper. Just can you talk about where you see more relative activity kind of around the world? Is it in your ventures? Is it here domestically? Where do you think you'll be more active at deploying capital? And then where is pricing in terms of maybe first-year cap rates or maybe kind of second-year cap rates given that we're still coming off depressed levels? What kind of prices are you seeing for assets that you're looking at?
W. Edward Walter: Let's start with where we think we're going to be active. I would bet that if you look  in general, we'll be investing more dollars over the next couple of years in the U.S. than we will be investing internationally, but I think you'll find that the balance between our international activity and our domestic activity will be more even than it's been in the past. We certainly are seeing some interesting opportunities in the Europe right now and are pursuing those. We also have some other things in the pipeline in Asia although nothing that we obviously were prepared to announce at this point in time, and we have a number of things that we're looking at in the United States too. So, will just have to  yes, some of it is just a function of how quickly the transactions go from the initial stages of activity to actually turning into a transaction. When it comes to the pricing question, it is really difficult to give a short answer to that question because the reality, is that if you look across the United States, for example, the market like New York, where you have had a very deep decline over the course of 2008 and 2009, but where one would likely anticipate a very strong recovery, hence it'll lead you towards lower cap rates. Other markets, Washington D.C., for example, which is a market that while it fell, fell, I think roughly half as that much as on the top line as New York, you would logically expect to see slightly higher cap rates because you're both working off of a better level of income to start and you're not necessarily expecting to see quite the same level of ramp up over the next couple of years as you'd like to see New York. I think you could see in certain markets, you could see some sub-bicap [ph] rates for this year and on the other it's probably for the more stabilized market you'd be a little bit above that. All of these, the cap rates are probably based on the series though that you're going to see relatively healthy growth in U.S. domestic markets looking out the next couple of years. If you look at Europe, you're probably looking at a situation that is somewhat analogous to Washington DC, maybe slightly lower cap rates there because of a historical level of cap rates that typically have been a little bit lower than the U.S. But the key European markets, London, Paris and some others, did not necessarily get as hit as hard as some of the prime markets in the United States. And so you'll see that reflected in the pricing. Asia cap rates are far more varied because you have a combination of both stabilized or mature markets combined with some of these other places where people are projecting very strong economic growth and the cap rates in some of the markets will, again, vary based upon the opportunity whether its development or existing. But in those markets that are less mature, you're typically going to see both a higher cap rate but more importantly, a higher projected overall level of return. I'd probably circle back on the whole point of cap rates for us, certainly the current cap rate is important, most certainly the relationship to replacement cost is important, but ultimately when we're looking at an acquisition, we're looking to achieve a premium to our cost of capital in our acquisition and that's calculated in the form of the 10-year unlevered IRR and so that becomes the basis for how we decide if an acquisition makes sense or not.
Andrew Whitman  Baird: Yes. That makes sense. Great. And I just want to ask one final question, maybe for Larry here and just as cash flows are improving here, one that just get a sense on your sense for the taxable income and perhaps give us some relationship, if you can at all, between what FFO could be and how that might relate to a special dividend in the fourth quarter. Can you give us any guidance as to what you expect or how to kind of handicap that?
Larry Harvey: For this year?
Andrew Whitman  Baird: For this year, yes.
Larry Harvey: Yes. At this point, we would be continuing with our $0.01 per share dividend. So, there  if it take an improvement over and above our forecast to get to that point.
Andrew Whitman  Baird: Okay.
Larry Harvey: Of anything over the penny.
Andrew Whitman  Baird: Okay.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I think we addressed that and we probably talked about that in our last call, in that it we would need a meaningful improvement over the EBITDA level with the re-forecast that we're generating to be a taxable income. I think the one thing that you might have been remembering when you're asking that question is we have suggested that there is always a chance of a special dividend in the event that we were to be active in the sale market and that sale will generate taxable gains. Given that my response earlier and in my comments about the fact that we're not likely to be an aggressive seller in 2010, it is less likely that that would end up creating the need for special dividend.
Andrew Whitman  Baird: Yes. Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Good morning, guys. And I guess the kick off on the acquisition in Chicago of the Westin, I'm sure if there's something that might be unique about that asset that drove the per peak consideration up just because looking at the comps over the last three to four years most of the full-service hotels in the downtown Chicago areas sold around 300,000 a key and I think even the one adjacent to it has hold right around that price. I was just curious what pushes this one up to 390.
W. Edward Walter: I guess the answer to that, Jeff, is a couple of things. The first off is that I have to admit it, I'm not totally familiar with some of the other deals that you have referenced in your notes this morning, but my sense at least on a few of them is that there were fairly material CapEx needs for those hotels, which was probably built into the  was built into the deal but not into the quoted price. In this instance, we have a very minimal capital program for this hotel based on our acquisition analysis, so we don't feel a need as we have in other acquisitions to where we're going to need to invest a lot into the hotel. So that might be one area of difference. Certainly this hotel from a standpoint of its performance and from the sizes of rooms, the overall quality in the box, I think stands in the relatively top number of hotels in this kind of class level within the Chicago market. I'd also note that one of the things that was attractive to us about this acquisition is the fact that this is a fairly advantageous management contract. It expires in 2020 or rather to say differently, the owner has the right to decide to extend it in 2020, not the operator, which as you know is a bit unusual and when you think about what that means in terms of back quality of asset in that type of a location, we at least have the flexibility around what slogs [ph] the hotel might slide, certainly doest land to a better cap rate on a sale in a pro forma that we might be using to analyze the asset.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: That's helpful. To switch gears, the increase in your guidance for full-year 2010 was certainly a little bit stronger than I was expecting. Maybe as the new ones difference but is the booking window lengthening or are you just becoming more confident that despite a shorter or relatively short period of visibility the business is just materializing?
W. Edward Walter: Probably a combination of both. I wouldn't want to  while I wouldn't necessarily say that the window is lengthening necessarily although there are some properties where you are starting to see some signs of that. I think what we were taking comfort in was the fact that we haven't seen consistent short-term booking pace strength and that's been happening now for two or three quarters in a row and while the out quarters are probably still tracking a little bit behind where they might have been in the prior year, the reality is that this gap between where they are and where they were is closing. And so we are seeing that as we look forward, I think we're getting more optimistic about the fact that we will continue to see as we get to the start of each quarter that we will be seeing more of the group room nights on the book than where we had been in the prior year. But I think the other part has kind of drives our sense of how the rest of the year will play out, relates back to some of the comments that I made relative to what we were seeing from corporate demand. Our corporate demand has really been growing both at the Special Corporate level and in terms of just regular business travel. As you well know, that the segment of our business, the latter one that pays the highest rate and so can, and the fact that we are actually able across the portfolio to see an increase in those rates we took it's quite a good sign. But we're also finding that our hotels are feeling less of a need to offer discounts in order to attract business. And I think that's key because that means you're really not sacrificing rate any more to attract business. You're really getting more comfortable that you're going to see that the business is going to materialize from your better paying customers. Kind of going back to the group side for a second, one interesting thing for most of our operators is that they are finding that the business that they're booking now is at higher rates than where they booked last year. So not only is the pace of the bookings up but the rates that they're booking at are also higher. So, when we put all of that together, while obviously there's some of the press around the economy has not been ideal and we do have some concern around some of the most recent measures of consumer confidence, we see that being somewhat offset by the outlook for business investment, which continues to improve and the net of it is we just felt better about the second half of the year and you see that in our revised guidance.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: That's really helpful. I think it explains why you're seeing the brands get more aggressive certainly as well. And that is bringing them back to  I think I like your opinion on this, in feeling or reinstating their brand standards. I guess in the first part, do you think that could result in you guys having maybe higher capital spend say in 2011 or 2012 because of that and maybe more importantly do you think you could also be a catalyst for acquisition for you guys to the extent that there are people out there who are maybe a little cash poor and can put through some of these reinstated brand standards?
W. Edward Walter: Given the money that we consistently invested in our portfolio over the course of the last really, four to five years now, I'm not concerned that re-institution of brand standards by the operators would lead to any more spending by us. But on your second question about whether at least to acquisition opportunities, I think that's a really interesting question. I don't know that brand standards per se is going to necessarily create an investment opportunity. But what I will say, what will create the investment opportunity is that hotels that were bought in six or seven and over levered, are now starting to get to the point where they may be facing in 2010 and '11 their third year were capital spending has been materially constrained because the property has not been generating the cash flow that that equates to both service to debt and service to property. And so while brand standards alone aren't going to create the problems, at the reality is that as you well know in the hotel industry you get to a tipping point with an asset where if you don't maintain it to a certain level, customers ultimately understand that feedback, feel that and stop showing up at that hotel. That ultimately starts the hotel on a spiral. So, as lenders begin to understand that the hotel is getting to that tipping point, they would logically be more aggressive about demanding action either in the form of the debt pay-down or investment in the hotel in some faction and I think in a lot of cases that could create opportunity. But it'll come more out of the overall physical condition and not just simply the re-institution of brand standards.
Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, that's exactly what I was thinking. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Crow from Raymond James.
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: Guys, a couple of questions here. Could you talk about the quantity of bidders on the Westin River North asset?
W. Edward Walter: Bill, what I would say there is that it was a relatively small group that was not a widely marketed transaction.
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. You said you anticipated perhaps one other acquisition this year, I believe that's what you said in the prepared remarks. Can you identify that asset, is it under contract yet?
W. Edward Walter: We do have a couple of assets that we've made material progress on and one that we've made a lot of progress on. And so I think we would feel relatively confident at this point that one of those two will happen, and one could happen in the relatively near term.
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: Okay. I assume you don't want to provide any other details, you would have done so.
W. Edward Walter: You are assuming correctly.
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: On the W Union Square, we had heard that CapEx requirements in that hotel might be $25 million, something like that, that maybe cash flow would be negative for the next couple of years? Any thoughts on what you're seeing for the next few years?
W. Edward Walter: We want to be careful about what we say about that deal because we're subject to confidentiality provisions. But I guess what I would say we certainly don't expect cash flow to be negative at the hotel and while we do have a capital program for that hotel, it is nowhere near a $25-million number.
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: And two final questions, you talked about some of the economic data points that have been a little bit weaker. You're just not seeing any indication of corporate travel, transient travel has weakened over the past three or four weeks, is that fair?
W. Edward Walter: That is fair. That is correct. I think our performance over the last two or three or four weeks has been quite good. I would really view that with that performance, other than the anomaly that of course that everybody has identified about where the July 4 holiday fell?
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: Yes.
W. Edward Walter: Caused a little bit of confusion for a period of time there I think about what was going on in the middle of July. We still see that the trends in July has still been quite good and the source of business has continued to  we've seen good strength out of the corporate travel. We haven't seen any change yet in that area nor have as we look at, at group bookings have we sense anything other than a normal pace relative to the time of year on what happened with group working from that segment.
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: All right. And then finally, I thought it was interesting that you participated in development in your joint venture, should we expect you to be increasingly in the development financing business and would you bring that stateside as well or is that something strictly relegated for joint ventures in international markets?
W. Edward Walter: I would think in the near term, you're going to primarily see that type of activity in Asia as part of our joint ventures. It could happen  where development makes the most sense from our perspective is in markets where you have similarities to the discussion I gave around India and China, where you have that dynamic occurring where there's just tremendous lodging demand growth that would seem to support new developments. I've learned never to say never, so I'm certainly not going to sit here and say we would never do a new development transaction in the U.S, but if you step back and look at just the fundamentals of our business as you look at the degree to which EBITDA has fallen, if you look at where our construction pricing is and you kind of look at the discounts between where value is in the state to where replacement cost is. It's going to take a while before that equation falls and gets back into an off-balance to where we would see adequate returns to contemplate new development. So, again, I wouldn't say never but I wouldn't see that as a near-term priority in the U.S. for sure.
William Crow  Raymond James & Associates: Good enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Greff from JP Morgan.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co: Good morning, everyone. Ed, if you went back to the second quarter and calendarized that we included the April, May and June complete months there, what would have been the RevPAR growth over a couple of period last year?
W. Edward Walter: Just a shade below 10%.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got you. And with respect to the incremental EBITDA guidance on a full year basis, how much of that increment comes from contributions from acquisitions?
W. Edward Walter: Joe, just because of the fact, the one thing that everybody should watch this year with acquisition is that obviously there's one thing you're trying to do is time the  you have to look at the timing of when the acquisitions occur in the year because obviously you're going to be buying in the middle or closing in the case of the W, where we're looking at the September closing, you're really going to get the fourth quarter in terms of ops. Not only do you have the partial year effective in you, but there are some new accounting requirements that Larry is far more qualified to explain than I am, that essentially require that we write off the acquisition cost associated with the deal at closing as opposed to capitalizing and amortizing them over the life of the deal. So that has the effect of reducing the initial year impact of acquisition. When you cut through all that, our sense right now of the transactions that we've announced today the contribution to EBITDA is probably plus or minus $5 million for this year.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co: And I thought your comments in the group side of things was encouraging. Can you talk about current terms with respect to cancellation fees or attrition fees? How relaxed are they now versus what the market bore in 2006, in 2007. I guess we're trying to get a sense of how protected you are going forward from God-forbid attrition on the group side versus other period.
W. Edward Walter: I think you're seeing  that is an evolving story at this point in time. What you're generally seeing, and as I say this I think it will make sense to most people is that core business that is being booked in the relatively near term. From all practical perspective, you're seeing relatively minor cancellations and attrition fees. Some of that is the competitive landscape that we're operating in, some of it is reflecting that's not a point that it's worth the hotel negotiating a lot over because at this point, if you're negotiating for a group of that in the next 90 days, odds are pretty good you're going to have it anyway. So at the end of the day, if you had a choice between negotiating for a little bit higher food and beverage offering versus getting a cancellation fee, you're going to go for the money, not for the sort of safety. As you start to work your way longer term and look at business as being booked for '11 and '12, the situation begins to shift a little bit more. I would say that our sense that we're still not back to where we were to '05, '06 and '07, where we were getting fairly significant cancellation fees, but we're certainly negotiating for something in this timeframe. And that will depend a lot, it's a market by market phenomenon and it also depends a little bit on what time of year you're looking at it, to whether the business is in a period where we are highly confident we can replace it or a period of time where it's more aggressive where there's more demand versus a period whether there isn't a lot of demand and we really want a piece of business in that pie.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Josh Attie with Citigroup.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup Inc: It's Josh Attie and Michael Billerman. Can you talk about RevPAR growth during period seven which I think is the first couple of weeks of your third quarter? It seems that if the calendar was up 10% and business accelerated sequentially then June should have been up over 10%. And just wondering how much of that continued into the third quarter just to get a sense for what the current pricing and occupancy trends are.
Larry Harvey: Joshua, our period 7, which it combines June for the monthly hotel and kind of a split of June and July for our Marriott Hotel, came in between 9% and 10%.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup Inc: And what was the split between occupancy and rate?
W. Edward Walter: I think off the top of my head, I don't remember. I suspect though that there was certainly some rate growth that was part of that; I just don't remember the number. We haven't actually gotten reported numbers yet for that because the period, the MI portion of that just finished on Friday so we haven't really actually gotten any reporting on that. 
Michael Billerman  Citigroup Inc: Ed, it's Michael Billerman speaking, quick question. We had an industrial company report result this morning and they talked about how the economic turbulence, which clearly increased during the second quarter, has started to leave their customers more cautious about making forward leasing decisions taking less space, delaying decisions. At least sounds from your comments, at least on the group side, that's really not having yet of an impact of any corporate pulling back. But I'm curious as you start approaching the fall on your corporate rate negotiation, how you think that would trend and whether there is any concern in terms of corporate and businesses in terms of the amount of space that they're taking and the rate that they're willing to pay.
W. Edward Walter: Clearly, having gone through the last two or three years you should  there is a level of concern that if the economy continues to swell, you have to be alert to the repercussions that, that might have in your business. As I said before so far, while we've all read different economics statistics that has showed up in the press, we haven't necessarily seen an impact on that. But, conversely, was also beside about the fact that primarily a lot of our near-term demand is really for fairly short term, so it's certainly a trend that we're watching. As we think about the year though, and we watch the trends that we're seeing and as I get feedback from the operators who are of course one step closer to this negotiation process certainly than we are, they're not sensing, at least so far, a desire on the part of companies to pull back. And I think they are sending a strong message and I've already talked about this a little bit last week that we're going to be expecting and start to look for meaningful rate increases in our Special Corporate negotiations for next year. I think we're also bit of sending the messages as we start to talk about group business that they should be assuming the group business will be booked at higher rates, not lower rates. My sense is that that message is being accepted. It doesn't mean it won't ultimately get negotiated but it is being accepted out there by the corporate customer that we're talking about. As we think about how to approach certainly the second in the last few months of this year and the beginning of 2011, we're going to continue to emphasize what we think is the strength in our properties, which is our positioning on the group side and are going to be looking and try to build a pretty solid group base and we're going to continue to try to do a fair amount of business on the Special Corporate side. We've been talking about so far this year, the fact that we were up somewhere in the 20s in the first quarter, we're up 33% this quarter, Special Corporate business. Well, I suspect that we will lose some of those accounts as we work our way into 2010 because we will be priced a little too richly for some of those corporate customers to come back. We're still going to be focusing on that as a key segment of our demand for next year at a higher rate, not a lower rate like it's been this year. And our efforts to just give ourselves a little bit of protection on the downside in case some of this weakness in the economy lasts longer than we would all like it to.
Michael Billerman  Citigroup Inc: Right. And part of it could be self-fulfilling also is corporate use, some of the macro weakness in their negotiations.
W. Edward Walter: That's agreed.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup Inc: Marriott said a number on their conference call that they think corporate rates could be up in the high single digits for 2011. Is that a level that you feel comfortable with?
W. Edward Walter: It's certainly a level that I'd like to see happen. I think in the context of the discussions that have been had so far, our sense has been that those rates and rates at those levels would be appropriate for those customers. I would also caution you though that we're just at the early stages of that. A lot of our hotels, in part, because they are liking where the trend is going right now, there's just some degree  what's you call it? That we're in a driver's seat but we are at the point where delay is better for us because as rates begin to recover and as mentioned transient rates were up this past quarter, rates overall were up in period six, as rates begin to recover that discussion becomes easier for us in terms of the fact that there should be a meaningful rate increase because we're getting it on other fronts and that's the best proof of it was them is that we're getting it from other customers.
Joshua Attie  Citigroup Inc: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank AG: Hey, good morning, guys.
W. Edward Walter: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank AG: Just like real quick question on that property bonus, my calculation based on your 25 BIPS impact, is that like a $9 million number on an annual basis? Is that about right?
W. Edward Walter: It's 11.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank AG: Eleven  okay.
W. Edward Walter: $11 million.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank AG: Maybe a little bit of color on where you are on 2011 on the group pace and just directionally, what's locked and loaded right now versus where you hope to be or expect to be at the end of the year?
W. Edward Walter: If you look at 2011 right now, it is still a little bit behind. Probably by plus or minus 4% but I would tell you that that is, a couple of percent better than where we were in the last quarter and I think it's even a couple of percent or more than where we were at the beginning of the year. So, we're seeing good trends there in as sense that while we were behind, we're shipping it away pretty quickly and the bookings that we saw on the last quarter for 2011 were picking up some momentum. The interesting thing on that side is that from a rate perspective, we're fairly flat right now, which is actually better than where we are at '10 and I would be expecting based on the feedback that we're getting about the ability to book business at higher rates than we did last year's cause we'll start to see that tide turn as we work our way through the second half of this year. So, based on what we've been seeing, I will be expecting that we will start off 2011 at least as good as 2010 and hopefully a little bit better.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great and as part of that are  the groups still kind of hesitating to book or you guys or your operators kind of holding back because you don't want to over-group if the transient continues to strengthen?
W. Edward Walter: It's probably a mix and it depends on the individual property. I do think that you're still binding that everyone is kind of think through some of the comments, especially some of the more recent questions we just have. There is a level of uncertainty out there and to some degree, it's probably leading people to be cautious about bookings. But, again, remember that was the degree of occupancy decline as the industry suffered and recognize that for the last 15 to 18 months, we've trained people that you could afford to wait for the last minute to make a decision in order to get the room because the rooms have been there. Hopefully that's starting to change. Hopefully in a call or two we're talking about an extended booking cycle, which is suggesting that somebody has called out try to get a room and it wasn't available or try to get meeting space and it wasn't available, which starts to train people the other direction, which is basically forcing them to commit a little bit sooner. I suspect were in that involving state of going from where I was, you could assume you can get space and now, where you have to think a little bit more about it, you may have to make that extra phone call to find it and then hopefully another couple of quarters, where to point where you start to see that booking cycle lengthen and we're starting to sell rooms a little bit faster.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Ed Walter for any closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our results or acquisitions and our outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insights into what's proven to be an interesting year in our third quarter call on October. Have a great day and enjoy the rest of your summer. Thanks.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation today.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Larson - EVP, Corporate Strategy and Fund Management W. Edward Walter - President and CEO Larry Harvey - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Bill Crow - Raymond James Will Marks - JMP Securities David Loeb - Baird Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley Josh Attie - Citigroup Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts Incorporated First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Larson: Well, thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts First Quarter Earnings Call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive officer will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then we'll describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for 2010. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our first quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here is Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. After a challenging year in 2009, we are pleased to report that our first quarter operating results and trends were significantly better than we expected. As I will discuss in more detail, we experienced significant increases in transient demand and very encouraging trends on the group side of our business. While we still face challenges rebuilding our average rates, our recent operating results have returned positive on the top line and suggest that the industry is reaching an inflection point. Turning to our results, first quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels decreased by 2.3% driven by a decrease in average room rate of 8.7%, which was offset by an increase in occupancy of 4.3 percentage points. For the quarter our average rate was at $167 and our average occupancy was 65.5%. Our top line results improved on a relative basis each month of the quarter and turned positive in March. As you may remember, due to the timing of our reporting period, our first quarter does not include the operating results for a significant portion of our portfolio for the month of March. Adjusting our results to reflect the inclusion of all of our assets for the calendar quarter would result in a RevPAR decline of only 1%. Food and beverage revenues at our comparable hotels decreased 3.7% for the quarter and total revenues fell by 3.9%. While our managers continue to strive to control cost, the combination of increased occupancy, continued pressure on average rate, and a meaningful reduction in attrition and cancellation fee resulted in a decrease in comparable hotel-adjusted operating profit margin of 275 basis points for the quarter. First quarter adjusted EBITDA for Host was a $126 million. FFO per diluted share for the quarter was $0.08, which included a reduction of $0.01 as a result of cost associated with the prepayment of debt and an accrual related to the potential San Antonio litigation loss. Overall, we are very pleased that our adjusted EBITDA and FFO per share diluted results materially exceeded our expectation. Turning to our business mix for the quarter, the demand trends that developed over the second half of 2009 accelerated in the first quarter of 2010 positively impacting our business mix on a wider scale. For the third straight quarter, we experienced year-over-year growth in our transient business with an overall increase in transient room nights of more than 12%. More importantly this increase in demand was led by our special corporate business where room nights increased more than 28% and our premium and corporate segments where room nights increased for the first time in nine quarters at a rate of nearly 9%. Special corporate demand growth was especially strong in our luxury properties, which experienced a demand increase in that segment of more than 50%. While average rates in both of these corporate segments were still down by roughly 8%, these are solid indicators of improvements in corporate travel, which is required for the industry to commence a true recovery. Overall, the positive shift in business mix in the transient segment for the first time since the summer of 2008 held the decline in the overall average rates to 7.7%, which led to a transient revenue increase of 3.6%. On the group side, frankly, we were pleasantly surprised by the pace of our short-term bookings during the quarter. At the beginning of the year, we faced a 4% shortfall in the first quarter taking into account the record cancellations we experienced in the early months of 2009 and roughly a 6% shortfall for the entire year. At the end of the quarter, group demand improved by 0.5% for the quarter and our full-year bookings are now trending ahead of the prior year's pace. Volume improvements for the quarter came primarily from a 14% increase in association room nights and more than a 5% increase in discount business. While corporate groups continue to be a challenge as demand decreased by 13% in the quarter, we saw a meaningful acceleration in corporate group activity as companies began to rebook business. Interestingly our luxury corporate group room nights actually increased more than 18% compared to the first quarter of last year, which suggests the companies are feeling somewhat less concerned about the potential political ramifications of booking business at higher-end properties. Overall, group room rates declined 9% and combined with the increase in demand of a 0.5% resulted in a decreasing group revenue of 8.6%. The rebound in group business compared to expectations and association business in particular, helped our big box hotels as they slightly outperformed the rest of the portfolio. Looking at the second quarter and the remainder of the year, our visibility continues to be fairly limited because of the short booking window. RevPAR growth for period four exceeded 5% continuing the recent trend of improving results. Group bookings continue to be strong as bookings in the first quarter for the second quarter have more than tripled when compared to last year and even slightly outpaced our 2007 level of activity. Transient bookings for the second quarter are also trending ahead of last year. Overall improvement is still reliant on the strength of the economy, but we are optimistic that the businesses are beginning to loosen their travel budget, starting a recovery in lodging demand. On the investment front as I discussed with you last quarter, the combination of structural complexity in secured type transactions and little pressure on banks to resolve troubled loans situations has resulted in a limited number of assets actually coming to market. However, we are seeing investment opportunities in the form of stressed loans. Earlier this month we purchased the junior tranches of a mortgage loan secured by a 1,900 room portfolio of hotels in Europe. The par value of the tranches we purchased are approximately 64 million euro, and we purchased the notes at a meaningful discount. While I cannot get into more specifics regarding this investment, the return we expect to generate on the note meets or exceeds our return target for a levered investment. In terms of fee acquisitions, as the operating environment stabilizes and begins to improve, our pipeline of potential transactions has increased both domestically and internationally, and we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities as they begin to arrive. Our guidance continues to not reflect any benefits from property acquisitions even though we expect to complete at least some acquisitions during the second half of the year. During the first quarter we sold the 370-room Sheraton Braintree hotel for $9 million. We also signed an agreement to sell the Ritz Carlton in Dearborn. This asset is in one of the most challenging markets in the country, generates negative net operating income, and has significant capital needs. Since the transaction is not yet closed, we cannot provide any additional details of the deal at this time. While we expect to market additional assets this year, we have not included any additional dispositions in our guidance. Capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled approximately $50 million, which included $23 million of return on investment projects. During the first quarter, we completed the renovation of over 95,000 square feet of meeting space at the San Francisco, Moscone Marriott Marquis, one of the preeminent group hotels in San Francisco. Subsequent to the end of the quarter at our San Diego Marriott Hotel and Marina we renovated the South Tower rooms, and during the quarter we completed the construction of a new health club. These projects are part of the first phase of what is ultimately projected to be $190 million reinvention of this hotel. In addition to the complete renovation of the rooms, this project will provide significant upgrades to the pool, food and beverage, and entree experiences. We are also in the process of planning a new 40,000 square foot exhibit hall and a 40,000 square foot ballroom, which will have views of both the nearby Marina and the Downtown area. Construction on that phase of the project is expected to commence in March of 2011. We are also adding a new 15,000 square foot ballroom and a 5,000 square foot terrace to the Westin Kierland Resort and Spa in Phoenix as part of a broader meeting space renovation project. Given the strength of our balance sheet combined with the currently low construction costs, and the fact that occupancy levels are still below peak, we believe that the timing is ideal to accelerate the pace of some of our planned capital expenditure projects. As a result, we are increasing our expected capital expenditure estimate for the year to $300 million to $340 million and we'll continue to evaluate other projects as we work through the year. Now, let me spend some time on our outlook for 2010. While we remain concerned that employment growth has lagged, consumer spending trends are still inconsistent, and there are continuing risks to the financial system, it is clear that the broader economy is in recovery. Assuming that recovery continues, our better-than-expected first quarter results combined with the improvement in our near term booking pace and positive results in April have led us to a more positive outlook for the remainder of the year. As a result, we are increasing our estimates for RevPAR for the year to an increase of 1% to 4% with a comparable adjusted margin decline of a 125 basis points to 50 basis points. Based on these assumptions, full year adjusted EBITDA would be approximately $750 million to $800 million and FFO per diluted share would be $0.58 to $0.65. In closing, we are certainly more optimistic than we were on our call last quarter. We are seeing signs of recovery in demand, and we'll continue to work with our hotels and monitor our pricing strategies for improvement on the rate side. On the investment front, we know from experience that early stage acquisitions tend to outperform. So, we will continue to aggressively look for investment opportunities both domestically and internationally. In addition, we will continue to develop reinvestment opportunities within our existing portfolio in order to take advantage of favorable cost and occupancy levels. We took significant steps last year to improve our balance sheet and we are well prepared for opportunities as they arrive. Thank you and let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio, based on property types, our airport hotels performed the best during the quarter with a RevPAR decline of 0.9% as the hotels benefited from the poor weather in the Northeast that led to numerous flight cancellations and layovers. RevPAR for our urban hotels increased 1.7%, while RevPAR at suburban and resort conference hotels fell 2.4% and 4.8% respectively. Before I address individual market performance, I wanted to mention that half of our top 20 markets had positive RevPAR for the quarter. Our top performing market was Philadelphia with a RevPAR increase of 12.3%. Strong transient, city-wide, and group business contributed to an occupancy increase of nearly nine percentage points, and an ADR decline of 2.8%. For the second quarter, we expect the Philadelphia market to underperform the portfolio due to lower levels of both transient and group demand. As expected the Miami/Fort Lauderdale market performed very well with a RevPAR increase of 10.3%. Occupancy was up 6.4 percentage points, and the rate was up 1.7%. Yes, that's right; I said rate was up in the market. The outperformance was driven by growth in transient and group business generated by the Super Bowl and Pro Bowl as well as the impact of the late 2009 ballroom addition at the Harbor Beach Marriott Resort and Spa. We expect that Miami/Fort Lauderdale market to have a weaker second quarter, but still have positive RevPAR. The San Antonio market also performed very well with a RevPAR increase of 7.3%. A strong city-wide calendar drove an increase in compression days leading to an increase in occupancy of 5.4 percentage points and limiting the rate decline to only 0.8%. We expect San Antonio to have a decent second quarter and a strong second half of the year. RevPAR for Boston increased 6.7% due to better transient and group demand. Occupancy was up 5.7 percentage points, and ADR declined 5.1%. Some of the improvement was due to easier comparisons as the Boston Marriott Copley Place and Sheraton Boston were under renovation in the first quarter of 2009. We expect our Boston hotels to have a great second quarter with double-digit RevPAR growth due to strong city-wide activity and improvement in transient demand. Orange County, a market that was extremely hard hit by the housing market meltdown, had RevPAR growth of 6.7% in the quarter. Transient demand across all segments showed signs of recovery. Occupancy was up 10.2 percentage points, while ADR was down 7.9%. We expect the Orange County market to continue to perform well in the second quarter. We were also pleasantly surprised by the outperformance of New York City, where RevPAR increased 2.6% as occupancy grew by 7.7 percentage points, and the rate declined 7.7%. Business transient and short-leave group bookings drove the improvement in demand. We expect New York City to have an outstanding second quarter due to high levels business transient demand. RevPAR for our Chicago properties fell 11.2%, due to significant decline in city-wide activity, which was partially offset by an increase in special corporate and discount business, albeit at a lower rate as ADR fell 9.9%. The Swissotel with its recent addition of 38,000 square feet of meeting space substantially outperformed the market with a RevPAR decline of only 7.7%. We expect Chicago to perform much better in the second quarter, and for the outperformance of the Swissotel to continue. Poor group demand and weak pricing across all segments affected RevPAR performance at both of our Hawaiian hotels, resulting in a 14.1% decline in RevPAR, substantially all of which was due to a 13.5% drop in ADR. We expect the hotels to perform much better in the second quarter, but we need to see further increases in airline capacity versus stay in recovery. RevPAR for our DC hotels declined 15.9% with a 2 percentage point decline in occupancy, and a 13.4% drop in ADR. As expected, year-over-year comparisons for the market were difficult due to the 2009 presidential inauguration and related activities as well as record breaking levels of snowfall in 2010, both of which were significantly affected group and transient business. Excluding DC from our comp set for the first quarter, RevPAR would have only declined 0.6%. Our DC hotels had positive RevPAR in period three and we expect DC to have a positive RevPAR in the second quarter. As expected the San Diego market struggled due to a substantial decline in city-wide demand and the absorption of the new Hilton that opened in 2009. RevPAR declined 16.9% with an occupancy decline of 3.5 percentage points and 12.2% decline in ADR. Room renovations at the San Diego Marriott Hotel & Marina also negatively affected our performance. We expect the San Diego market to continue to struggle in the second quarter, but improve in the second half of the year. For our European joint venture RevPAR calculated in constant euros decreased 1.8% for the quarter. Occupancy increased 5.2 percentage points and ADR declined 10.7%. The Westin Europa & Regina in Venice, the Sheraton Skyline in London, and the Sheraton Warsaw outperformed the rest of the portfolio. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels declined 275 basis points. This performance was better than expected due to the challenges created by four items. The first item was the substantial impact of cancellation and attrition fees. In the first quarter of 2009 cancellation and attrition fees were over $12 million higher in the first quarter of 2010, accounting for 110 basis points of the overall margin decline. The second item was due to our RevPAR decline driven by a combination of an increase in occupancy and a drop in rate, which is the challenge from an operating profit perspective. However we were still able to reduce overall rooms cost per occupied room through improvements in productivity and reductions in several controllable cost areas. The third challenge was the loss of high profit banquet and audio-visual revenues, which declined 7.3%. However, food and beverage flow through was quite good as our managers continue to refine and implement efficiencies in their staffing models. The fourth item was a treatment of the ground lease payments on the New York Marriott Marquee. As we discussed last year, in the first quarter of 2009, $3 million of our rent payment was applied to fully fund the deferred purchase price of the land. In the first quarter of 2010, our entire payment was treated as ground rent expense, which reduced EBITDA by $3 million. We have the ability from today through 2017 to buy the fee interest in the land under the hotel for an incremental payment of $19.9 million. Overall wages and benefits decreased 1.3%, or 8.2% on a per occupied room basis, and unallocated cost declined by 2.7% for the quarter, as hotels reduced management headcount and lowered other controllable costs. Utility cost also decreased 8.4% through a combination of lower usage, lower rates, and the impact of energy saving capital improvements. For the quarter, real estate taxes were flat. Looking out to the rest of the year we expect occupancy to increase further, which will likely lead to growth in wage and benefit costs at inflation after taking into consideration the benefit from productivity gains. We expect unallocated cost to increase at inflation, except for utilities, where rates will increase and occupancy improvements will drive higher utilization in sales and marketing, where higher revenues will increase cost. We will also incur cost for the implementation of new sales and marketing initiatives. We expect property insurance to increase at inflation, and property taxes to rise in excess of inflation. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins for the year to decrease 50 basis points at the high end of the RevPAR range and decreased 125 basis points at the low end of the range. I previously mentioned the impact of cancellation and attrition fees in the first quarter of 2010 results. For all of 2010 cancellation and attrition fees will be significantly lower than 2009. Adjusting 2009 to a typical year of cancellations would result in an improvement in the above margin guidance of 70 basis points. With respect to our balance sheet, we finish the quarter with over $1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents and the full $600 million of capacity on our line of credit. In the quarter, we redeem the remaining $346 million of 7% series M serial notes due in August of 2012, and repay the $124 million mortgage on the Atlanta Marriott Marquis, where the interest rate on the loan was set to increase 200 basis points to 9.4%. As a result of these repayments we reduced our outstanding debt by $470 million to approximately $5.4 billion, and we currently have 99 assets unencumbered by mortgage debt. Orders of our $325 million in exchangeable senior debentures has a right to put the securities to us on April 15, of this year none of the securities will put to us, and the next put date for holder is April 15, 2014. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Bill Crow with Raymond James.
Bill Crow - Raymond James: A couple of questions. Ed, given the revision of the guidance, should we interpret that may be the dividend will come back a little bit quicker, and what is your thought on the dividend?
W. Edward Walter: I think the fact that you are seeing our business recover faster, ultimately does mean that the dividend will recover more quickly, but we didn't have enough taxable income to support the dividend that we have talked about paying on the last call, that $0.01 a quarter. I think, while it's always a little hard to tell where taxable income is going to come out especially when you start to take asset sales into account. I don't want to envision that even if we were at the high end of the guidance that we have provided that we would necessarily need to increase the dividend because of the need to distribute taxable income.
Bill Crow - Raymond James: On the debt purchase, you did that on balance sheet, why not in the joint venture?
W. Edward Walter: That may ultimately go into joint venture. This is one of the situations where we needed to move relatively quickly to consummate the purchase, and so at least initially that's on balance sheet but depending upon how the transaction evolves it may end up in the joint venture.
Bill Crow - Raymond James: And is that loan currently performing, can you tell us that?
W. Edward Walter: It is currently performing.
Bill Crow - Raymond James: And then finally I know it's a little bit sensitive, but any backlash or any other challenges at the Naples Ritz?
W. Edward Walter: Relative to the potential litigation that's been filed there, the short answer is that we are trying to get a better understanding of exactly what happened at the hotel. We're obviously fairly concerned with the allegations that have been raised by the employee and I'm working closely Rick to get a real, but true understanding of the details there?
Bill Crow - Raymond James: But no big cancellations or anything like that?
W. Edward Walter: Not that I am aware of.
Operator: We will now move on to Will Marks with JMP Securities.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: I had a question on New York, and you gave the RevPAR growth figure, and said that it sounded like you are pleased, but it seemed like it was well below the market, now I only have general market stats, but are we seeing any kind of acceleration in the second quarter?
Larry Harvey: Yes. In fact, New York at least our Marriott hotels had a strong period four. So we are definitely seeing acceleration there. As I said in my comments, we expect a very strong second quarter overall, mainly due to a really strong corporate (niche) and special corporate transient business.
W. Edward Walter: One of the things that I would point out that I know has been causing some, I guess, just some questions around our results this quarter is to remind folks is that as I said in my comments, all of our non-Marriott hotel, so that is Starwood, Hyatt, Ritz-Carlton, Four Seasons are all on a monthly reporting system, and for Host just because it's the way we time our quarters, we don't capture the March results for any of those monthly hotels in our numbers. New York, my recollection in general for New York is that it did better sequentially through the first quarter. We are missing the March results from both the W on Lexington Avenue as well as the big Sheraton, near Times Square. So my guess is that those results were added in. I don't know that number off the top of my head, but my guess is those results were added in, you'll see a little bit better performance in New York in the first quarter.
Will Marks - JMP Securities: Right. It did seem like March was a huge month in New York, and I know it's true. February is more consistent with the broader industry, or at least not as much into relative out performance. Okay, that's all for me thank you.
Operator: We'll now move on to David Loeb with Baird.
David Loeb - Baird: I know you don't want to say much about Dearborn or too much about the European strategy, but I've a couple of questions. Can you give us any color on price of Dearborn and will you, once that closes, if you can't now?
W. Edward Walter: We certainly, David, at the point in time that the transaction closes. Well, as we have always done, give you some insight into what the price is. I would tell you that it is a relatively, no, in fact, relatively is not the fair word. It's a low priced. But it is reflective of the fact that the asset, as I mentioned in my comments, is losing money this year. It lost money last year. I think it might have been right on the margin in 2008 in terms of whether it made or lost money. So, unfortunately, we've been facing some big challenges in that market, not surprisingly given the challenges that the auto industry has faced. We have postponed a fair amount of CapEx of that hotel because we've been trying to sort out the right resolution for it. While there isn't I think an effective way to invest a certain amount of capital dollars in the hotel, we've concluded that it would be better off being selling the hotel at this point than pursuing that path. So, it's going to be a pretty low number and with any luck the transaction closes in the next 60 days, and then we'll be happy to tell everybody about it.
David Loeb - Baird: And on the European debt purchase, can you talk a little bit about what your strategy is or what kind of return hurdles you are looking for? Is this loan to own or are you hoping to outperform that kind of thing?
W. Edward Walter: I guess, I'd like to say, David, there, I want to be careful about what we say because we've agreed to certain confidentiality provisions in our acquisition agreement, but what I would tell you is we would certainly expect, if we're generally looking for return, say in the plus or minus 10.5% to 11% range on an unleveraged acquisition. We adjust our return expectations when we pursue a leveraged opportunity. Where we've invested in this asset and given the underlying leverage compared to what we think the value is, we're comfortable that just as a dead investment, we will likely exceed those leverage return targets. The strategy for what happens with the investment will in part be based upon how the economy improves, obviously in Europe, and as it relates to these individual assets. We would be very comfortable if this just continues to be a performing loan and that we get paid off in due course which based on the terms of loan documents would generally come due no later than about 2.5 years from where we are right now. On the other hand, we obviously are very comfortable being an investor in Europe, and if property's performance does not improve enough for us to be paid-off, we would be comfortable being an owner.
David Loeb - Baird: I know you've answered part of this with Bill, but would you be comfortable owning hotels on balance sheet in Europe or if you end up in an ownership position for these hotels, would those more than likely go into the joint venture?
W. Edward Walter: I think, the answer to that is more than likely wholly owned are assets that when we would be acquiring would ultimately end up in the European joint venture. We would be comfortable investing directly in Europe, but I think generally we have found that we like the joint venture structure that we have put together to operate over there. We've been very comfortable with the prospective on investment of our partners and we'd like to see that relationship continue. So, in general, I would expect that our European efforts will happen in the joint venture. But, there may be individual transactions that happen outside of that structure.
David Loeb - Baird: And can I ask one more, sorry to ask so many. Can you just comment a little bit on the single asset acquisition market, and the portfolio market, and if in the single asset market you think this is a better time to be a seller, and might there be more? I know, you've done a couple, there might be more.
W. Edward Walter: The market is evolving on the asset acquisition side. What I would break, what we are seeing out, and again as I've mentioned in my comment. It's still not a flood of opportunities, although our pipeline is clearly larger than it was just even 65, 70 days ago. I'd say that the opportunities, they're sort of splitting into two camps. There is one group of opportunities that are happening because pricing has been recovering. And I think, you're seeing fairly low cap rates and fairly high EBITDA multiples, reflecting both the outlook for the future as well as the fact that we're in trough EBITDA level. But with the recovery in pricing, you are seeing certain sellers who face debt maturities in the near term, who are thinking that perhaps it's worthwhile testing the market to see if there is an opportunity to sell an asset today, and at least recover some of their initial investment. I think, there's another group of seller, again, a relatively small group, but there's another group of sellers who are evaluating their business now or maybe more confident about investing in their own business, but might be looking to liquidate certain of the assets that they have in order to then reuse such proceeds in a different direction within their individual business. I sort of described that a little bit as a strategic seller, because that type of a seller is really doing this because of strategic aspect of their business as opposed because they necessarily think that this going to get the maximum price for asset. I suspect that we will see more activity in both of these camps as we work our way through the year, but as you could tell by the volume of transaction activity that's been reported, and in each instance the volume is still relatively light, but we are relatively encouraged by at least the trend that we're seeing there and the number of conversations that we're having.
David Loeb - Baird: And portfolios?
W. Edward Walter: Well, there's been more activity on the single asset side than on the portfolio side. We're fortunate with our scale that we can look at portfolio deals, but to-date with the exception of some debt opportunities, similarly to the one that we move forward within Europe, we really haven't seen a lot on the acquisition side of that portfolio.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. Just Edward with respect to your 2010 outlook, if you were to look at it on a quarterly basis, yeah I know you don't break out, but just broadly when do you see rate recovering to exhibit some year-over-year growth and I guess when would you see comparable operating profit margins start to showing some year-over-year increases?
W. Edward Walter: Well, that's probably the trickiest question that we're trying to contemplate right now. What I would say to you is, as you well know, is that the recovery in rate is going to happen on a market-by-market basis, and some of the markets that Larry talked about, but I think we've got a chance to seeing some rate growth relatively quickly would include some of the big East Coast markets like Boston, New York and DC. I think, New Orleans surprisingly, its having a pretty good year and we expect to see some rate growth there. Miami in part because of the burst around Super Bowl, but I also think in general we are seeing some strength in that market. So that's another market where we think it's likely that we'll see some rate growth in the relatively near term. Portfolio-wide, I would bet that it's probably at best the second half of the year, certainly within the realm of the guidance that we provided. We're really not anticipating that it happens until the end of the year. And I think it is a little touch and go on whether or not we actually get the true rate growth for a full quarter by the end of the year. It's probably at the high end of our guidance as a shot at that. On the margin front, I think, our estimate is that we're looking at a 50 basis point decline, tied to a 4% overall full year RevPAR growth rate. Again my guess is that because margin growth is going to be tied to both overall level of RevPAR increase, as well as to some degree whether that's happening because of rate or because of occupancy, if there is an opportunity for positive margins, it's certainly near the end of the year.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Great and then I don't know if you have this information guys, but if you were to adjust your first quarter for reporting outside of that, I guess the merit reporting system, what would have been a quarterized EBITDA number for your entire portfolio?
Larry Harvey: From a standpoint of EBITDA, we haven't calculated that number.
Operator: We'll now move on to Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Ed, if I look at the guidance for the full year now, at the high end of the range stripping out the effect of the cancel and attrition fees, 4% RevPAR, would kind of be flattish to margins maybe plus 20. Does that imply that you kind of need 4% RevPAR growth going forward to get those flat margins?
W. Edward Walter: I think it's a correct assumption as it relates to this year. Going forward, ultimately margin growth look tied to the relationship between revenue growth, which is, of course, more than just RevPAR growth and inflation. So if we continue to see inflation stay at a fairly low level, plus or minus 2%, then I would expect that we would be able to see margin growth in '11 and '12 at the low of 4% RevPAR level. Now I suspect that if the recovery continues that won't be a problem, because we're going to be seeing stronger levels of RevPAR increase than that. But I think you could see margin growth at less than 4%. As we've commented in the past, the transition year when one goes from having been in freefall to starting to see in March, see RevPAR recovery and business recovery is always a tricky year for margins. Well, I would say there is tremendous stride made at all of our properties at taking out cost. There clearly are some costs that came out of our operation that are not sustainable. And so typically in that first, call it, eight to 12 months of RevPAR recovery, some of those costs trickle back in, which usually leads to the first year of positive RevPAR growth having less than impressive margins. But normally, especially, if we're doing our job on the asset management side, once you get passed that initial kind of recovery of some expenses, you get back into a more traditional relationship and as long as RevPAR revenue growth are outpacing inflation, we should see margin growth.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Can you remind us of what maybe the incremental, you said for the first quarter $12 million, incremental cancel attrition fees? Can you kind of tells us what it was for full year '09 maybe relative to, I don't know, '07?
Larry Harvey: It's $40 million incremental.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: $40 million okay.
Larry Harvey: Over a typical year.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: One final one on the asset front. You guys have sold some non-core stuff and I don't think anybody looks too hard at the prices per key or anything on that, but with all those capital that appears to be available, do you think about selling what might not be a non-core asset but may be not trophy asset, but something where you get a pretty substantial price per key just to kind of demonstrate the value that I know you guys think is in the portfolio?
W. Edward Walter: Chris I wouldn't do it necessarily to demonstrate value, but you've raised a good point. Pricing has certainly recovered more quickly than some folks had anticipated, and as operations begin to improve one can get more comfortable with selling some of the assets that we don't expect to be owning in 2014 or 2015 a bit sooner. We are in the process right now of evaluating the portfolio and looking at a number of assets to determine if it is better to sell those assets now and take advantage of fair amount of capital that's not able to be deployed or whether we would be better off waiting for the NOI to recover a bit more and then put those properties on the market. And that's one of the reasons why we made the statements that while we're not putting any more sales or not contemplating specific sales in the context of our guidance, we are intending to market a few properties, and we'll sort of see how that plays out. But what I would say on that is because of the amount of capital we have, we do not need to affect a sale for liquidity reasons. So we will be very, very price sensitive in any of those marketing opportunities. If we're not hitting the numbers that we want, we will not be a seller, because the only reason to do it is the one that you outlined, to take advantage of a strong market and sell some assets that whilst they are non-core for us could clearly be a good acquisition for somebody else.
Operator: We'll now move on to Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: A few questions actually on your 2010 RevPAR outlook. Are you able to break out for us the composition of your outlook between occupancy rate and I guess I would call mix shift?
W. Edward Walter: Not as precisely as you would probably like, Jeff. I think that's the tricky part when you're in this sort of a transition, as we clearly saw tremendous occupancy growth in the first quarter and that was unfortunately offset by rate declines. We worked our way through the quarter, though. We probably will be expecting to see the occupancy run at a fairly heavy rate, but the question is going to be how quickly can we eliminate negative rate and move into positive rate. Let me give you a couple of other insights around why we got more optimistic relative to RevPAR for the rest of the year. A big driver for us was what was happening on the transient side. As I mentioned, we were up 12% in overall transient demand. We are practically for the first quarter, at least, back to where we were in 2007, but the biggest key for us was the fact that when you combine corporate and special corporate business, we were up 15% in room nights. Now while we were still down in rate in those segments, the fact is that demand was coming back was pretty key for us, because we had not really seen that happen even in the fourth quarter of last quarter. And hence when that starts to occur, that's a great sign for the fact that the business is going to rebuild. And I think the other piece of it is that as you look at what was happening on the group side, we started out the quarter at a deficit for both the full year and for the quarter. We very quickly closed that deficit in the first quarter and ended up positive in room nights. A lot of that was because on the association events people showed up and in fact we started to run into some situations where more people showed than we had rooms available. And even on the corporate side, we started to find that our booking pace was accelerating beyond what we had expected. So as we look at the activity for the second and third quarter is solid, there is still a little bit of weakness in the fourth quarter, but we're up for the full year in terms of group booking pace now, which we haven't been able to say for quite some time. And I think we felt that because that's such an important component of our business and because when you go back and look at where we were compared to '07, we had really lost the most in terms of group room nights compared to the other segments in our business. The fact that that was beginning to recover led us to look it much more optimistically the rest of the year.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: That's great color. I mean, sticking with RevPAR, I'm curious, Marriott obviously had a pretty robust outlook for the U.S. and I think the market expected Starwood, if history proves true, to ratchet their outlook above Marriott. Since both of those brands comprise a majority of your earnings and you arguably own the best hotels on average within their portfolios, I guess why is it that your 2010 RevPAR outlook of 1 to 4 I guess is where it's at because typically your guidance is much tighter in line with someone like Marriott International. Is it I guess I'll call it conservatism for the sake of conservatism or do you think that their expectations for the back half of the year are little more aggressive?
W. Edward Walter: My guess is it's a combination of us being a little bit more conservative and of course recognizing that ultimately it's not just RevPAR, it's EBITDA for us whereas for them they're much more sensitive just as the top line changes, because instead of management fees don't represent anywhere near as big a component of their earnings, as EBITDA does for us. At the end of the day, I think, I'd reiterate what I said the last quarter when there was a little bit of a gap between where we were and where both of them were, which is that there's really no reason given that I would agree with your point that we own some of their best hotels and we typically perform pretty much in line with them. There's no reason in our mind why we would underperform either of them. Obviously we're moving our expectations a fair amount from one quarter to the next, and I think we don't want to necessarily get ahead of ourselves. You should take from our call, we feel very good about what we're seeing in the first quarter. But, we're still in a recovering economy and we want to take note of that.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo: And just one last question. We've heard some anecdotes that group hotels might be benefiting from recovering attendance. Effectively the group size is (inaudible) larger than the room block that was booked way back in 2008-09 for this year. And that's providing group hotels such as yours with an upside to group rates at the margin from that overflow business. Is there any truth to that reality or that rumor? Are you guys seeing that so far this year?
W. Edward Walter: On an anecdotal basis, we've certainly had situations where more people showed up than we had expected. I think what we are finding though is that the hotels are constantly in touch with the bigger groups to understand what their room nights are going to ultimately come out to be. And what they have been finding is that where a lot of times last year, but we might have expected 800 rooms and by the time we got two weeks out, we're starting to find that 800 was turning into 700 or 750. What we're hearing from our GMs at this point is that holding at 800 it may be coming in higher than that in some cases, the key for us on that is to really understand that and try to build that into our revenue expectations, because as we begin to get more confident that those associations will not only fulfill their full block but actually begin to exceed it, that allows us to begin to do some mix shift by cutting off some of the cheaper channels that we might have available and save rooms either for that higher priced group or simply may certainly save enough rooms in certain markets where we're only selling rooms to that higher priced corporate customer as opposed to that lower priced discount customer.
Operator: We'll now move on to Ryan Meliker with Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of quick questions. First of all in terms of the RevPAR front and where things are looking right now, can you give us any additional detail on how much your group booking pace moved up in the quarter for the quarter and first quarter, and how it moved from last time we spoke to stay for the full year and both in terms of rooms and rate?
W. Edward Walter: Let's see. We gave some data before. Let me try to approach it a slightly different way. If you look at what was happening on net booking pace in for the first quarter, we generally found that in the first quarter itself our net bookings were up by over a 100% compared to where we were in '09. And those bookings actually exceeded the pace that we had in 2007, which we tend to use as sort of stabilized here by more than 25%. If you look at how it's laid out for the quarter, we started off down about 6% and ended up slightly. So you can see that the fact that we booked so many more rooms in the quarter than we traditionally have done, allowed us to close the gap in a way that we probably wouldn't have in the past. On a full-year basis, you're finding that the bookings are short term. We haven't hit that magic moment that I can tell yet where somebody calls up, wants to do an event in four weeks and finds out that there is no room available at the end. So we haven't quite gotten to that point because of where our occupancy levels were. So you're finding that most of the successes on the booking pace side is relatively short term, which is why our second quarter bookings are up almost over 250% compared to 2009. Now, recognize there weren't a lot of short-term bookings happening at this time last year, but the reality is as even the second quarter bookings when you go back and compare them to 2007 are slightly positive. So we would take that as a good sign too. The net of it is that when we started off the year, being negative in terms of overall room nights, we've closed that gap in a material way and in fact now adjusting those number of nights booked to reflect what we thought were the cancellations that happened last year because I think that gives you a cleaner sense of data. Instead of being down I think 6%, we are now up call it 3% to 4%. So I think that obviously is a pretty good change in a relatively short period of time.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: That's a great change and certainly helped some. So that makes sense in terms of bookings. How do rates look looking at today versus the rest of the year compared to last year?
W. Edward Walter: I think you should still assume probably the short term rates that we're booking at are generally lower than the rates that are on the books, but there are some markets where that's beginning to turn.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: And can you clarify to what degree lower? Are we talking like 0% to 5% or 5% to 10%, etcetera?
W. Edward Walter: Not in a way that I think would be meaningful.
Ryan Meliker - Morgan Stanley: And then one last question I had was, as you guys are obviously looking at dispositions and looking at acquisitions, what is your general sense in terms of the way you're approaching valuation for potential acquisitions and dispositions and the way some of the competitors that you're going up against for bidding on these properties and looking at them? Seems like cap rates right now are at historically low levels, which make sense given the historically low net income. But I feel like most people aren't looking at valuation on cap rates. So are you focusing on value relative to replacement cost or price is the key. How are you guys generating your numbers and how do you think your competitors are?
W. Edward Walter: The way we are looking at acquisitions fits within the model that we always expressed in terms of how we look at transactions. What we look at, we start with trying to understand what we think based on our projections is an unlevered rate of return from a particular asset. And so in each instance what we're going to do with that is we're going to make certain assumptions about what the performance is going to be this year and that we're going to assess what we think is likely to happen for that particular asset in that market over the next few years. And then I think having kind of calculated in what we think the recovery is, we would probably stabilize it a longer term revenue and EBITDA or NOI growth rates and carry that out to ultimately get to a 10-year discounted cash flow. If you think about how that works, obviously markets that have fallen further but then are expected to rise faster are going to ultimately end up with lower cap rates today but that's just reflecting the particular circumstances of their market. The other major element that we would look at it is the one that you're referencing, which is trying to understand where you are in a discount to replacement cost. I think one of the key factors in employing that in your analysis is that to the extent that you are legitimately analyzing what your replacement cost is, if you're buying at a meaningful discount to replacement cost, well that in and of itself does not tell you that you're necessarily going to have a successful investment. It does give you a sense that it is harder on a relative basis that the discount is larger for a new competitor to come into your market simply because the cost to build that new competitor are probably not going to make sense in the context of the return on the investments until cash flow has appreciated meaningfully. So discount to replacement cost becomes a good gut check for us on whether or not if you're underwriting a very aggressive recovery for an asset that you thought was at replacement cost, you probably have to ask yourself if you're really being fair about the likelihood of new supply in that market. So those would be the two primary things that we would look at. My guess is at the end of the day I think most of our competitors are pretty sophisticated. They would each have their own take, but I suspect that they are looking at it in generally the same way.
Operator: We'll now move on to Josh Attie with Citigroup.
Josh Attie - Citigroup: I just have a quick question on the margins, when I look at the high end your guidance of up 4% and margins down 50, and then I strip out the impact of the cancellation fees for the full year, I get 5% to 6% RevPAR growth 2Q to 4Q and call it 75 basis points of margin, adjusted for the cancellation fees. So two questions, one, am I thinking about that the right way? And two, what do you think those margins would be in year two of the recovery on similar RevPAR, adjusting for the fact that you'll have some costs added back this year?
W. Edward Walter: Josh, it might make sense with respect to the assumptions that you're coming up for the second half of this year, I suspect that it may make sense for you to catch up with Greg to go over that event because it's a little hard to capture that on a fly. What I would say with respect to the next year is thinking about 2011 is I'd go back to the comments that I made before that I think that this year's tougher. The speed with which everything recovers this year will probably have to play some role in looking at what happens in margins next year and to the extent that we began to see a stronger recovery and so some of that cost creep that I'm expecting is going to happen, happens this year it probably sets us up for a more normalized year in 2011 with respect to margins. When you step back and look at what would happen in 2011, if you were to have 5% RevPAR growth, I would be very disappointed if we didn't have some margin growth there. I'm not anticipating that inflation's going to be particularly high next year, and so assuming that that plays out that way and that there is a reasonable gap between RevPAR/revenues and inflation, we should be in a situation where we should see some margin growth.
Greg Larson: This is Greg. I think your math was right for Q2 to Q4 from a RevPAR perspective. And then as you know, Josh, even though Ed mentioned earlier in this call that rates can turn positive at some point in the second half of this year, when you're looking at the full year result with RevPAR of 1 to 4 most if not all of that is due to an increase in occupancy. And so of course next year when you have a bigger part of the RevPAR increase will be rate, obviously that will be helpful for margins as well.
Operator: And we will now take our final question from Smedes Rose with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Smedes Rose - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I just wanted to ask you a quick question. Your looks like you could issue about 3 million or 4 million more shares on that. Would you expect to exhaust that and reload or do you kind of feel like you're done on that side of the liquidity?
W. Edward Walter: That all depends upon how active we can ultimately be on the acquisition side. We obviously have fair amount of capital right now. As Larry mentioned in his comments, we got a pleasant surprise when the exchangeable that was (inaudible) to us a couple weeks ago wasn't put. So that gives us an extra 325 million of capital that we weren't counting on. So we'll take that into account in deciding what to do with the continuous equity program. At the end of the day, I think folks should assume that we are trying to add additional hotels to our portfolio and that we will ultimately draw on that capital in order to help fund that growth. In the long run, I would expect that we would have another continuous equity program. I think that's a very cost effective way to fund the equity portion of our balance sheet but it's all going to be tied to exactly what level of growth we're having and because if you don't have the growth then you don't necessarily need to issue the incremental equity.
Operator: And that does end our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Walter.
W. Edward Walter: Well, thank you very much all for joining us today. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook. We look forward to providing you with more insights as to how this interesting year is playing out in mid-July at our second quarter call. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: And we would like to thank everyone for their participation and this now concludes today's conference.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Larson  EVP, Corporate Strategy and Fund Management Ed Walter  President and CEO Larry Harvey  EVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Josh Attie  Citigroup Michael Bilerman  Citigroup Joe Greff  JPMorgan Will Marks  JMP Securities Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets Will Crow  Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts, Incorporated fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice-President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead.
Greg Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts fourth quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on todays call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter results, and then we will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for 2010. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter results including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now, here is Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. We are very happy to conclude 2009 a year in which we faced exceptional challenges in the travel industry. The difficult year was driven by a weakened economic environment, a declining GDP in business investment as well as increasing unemployment. Despite the difficult economy, we made considerable progress to strengthening our balance sheet and positioning the company to take advantage of future opportunities. We issued 790 million in equity, 920 million in debt, and completed 200 million in asset sales for a total capital raised of about 1.90 billion. These activities allowed us to repay nearly 900 million in near-term maturities as well as provide additional funds for investment. Overall, we believe the actions we took in 2009 materially improved the strength of our balance sheet and positioned us well for 2010. So lets start by talking about our fourth quarter and full year results, and then Ill discuss our outlook for 2010. Fourth quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels decreased 14.6% driven primarily by a decrease in room rate at 12.8%, and a decline in occupancy of 1.3 percentage points. For the full year, comparable RevPAR decreased 19.9% as a result of a 13.5% decrease in average rate combined with a decline in occupancy of 5.4 percentage points compared to where we were in 2008. Our average rates for the year for our comparable hotels was $172 per night and our average occupancy rate was 66%. Food and beverage revenues at our comparable hotels decreased 15.9% for the quarter due to a decline in banquet business resulting from large scale reductions in group business. For the year, food and beverage revenues decline 20.4%. Comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins decreased 430 basis points in the fourth quarter, 520 basis points for the full year, resulting in adjusted EBITDA for Host at 229 million for the quarter, 798 million for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter and the full year has been decreased by approximately 41 million due to the unexpected fourth quarter of a potential litigation law relating to the ground lease for our San Antonio Rivercenter hotel. Our FFO per diluted share was $0.18 for the fourth quarter and $0.51 for the full year. FFO per diluted share was also impacted by the potential litigation loss as well as non-cash impairment charges which will be now at $0.06 for the quarter and $0.28 per share for the full year. Overall, the favorable trends we experienced in the third quarter accelerated during the fourth quarter as transient occupancy turned positive for the first time this year driven in part by increased special corporate bookings. While weekday performance improved on a relative basis, transient leisure demand remained surprisingly strong into the fourth quarter. As we saw beginning in the third quarter, short-term group bookings continue to improve. On all fronts, demand is improving on a relative basis, however, we continue to see those improvements at lower room rates compared to the prior year. Starting with our transient business, volume was very strong with an increase in room rates in the fourth quarter of nearly 7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2008, and perhaps even more noteworthy, up almost 1% compared to 2007. These increases compare favorably to the first half of the year where transient occupancy was down over 7% to 2008. The increase in transient occupancy stemmed primarily from additional demand in both with discount which was up 14% room night, and special corporate segments which were up 6% room night. Although even our higher rated segments were up by a less than in prior quarter, rates continue to be a challenge as the average trends in rates declined by 15% for the quarter which led to an overall transient revenue decline of 9.6%. Overall for the year, transient demand was down roughly 1%, rate was off by almost 18% and revenues were down by 18.6%. As we project these trends into 2010, we are expecting a solid increase in transient occupancy, although this maybe offset by a decline in transient rate. Turning to our group business, group room nights for the fourth quarter decreased 14.3%. However, this drop actually reflected significant recovery from the declines that we had anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. The improvement over the course of the quarter resulted from robust short-term group bookings as the net group bookings in the quarter for the quarter were about 90% higher than in the fourth quarter of 2008 and almost 50% higher than what we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2007. Group business trends have begun to turn the corner as the run rate of declines in group occupancy continues to improve and the outside levels of attrition and cancellation activity are reverting back to historical norms. The average group rate decline 9% for the quarter, which when combined with the decreased in occupancy resulted in a 22% drop in group revenues. Looking at 2010, at this point our forward bookings represent more than 70% of the group room nights we achieved in 2009. Adjusting our booking pace numbers for the record level of cancellations that occurred in the first half of 2009, our group room night bookings for this year approximately 5% to 6% behind 2009s pace. Based on the strength of our short-term bookings, we would expect to close much but not all of that gap by yearend. However, we believe that rate crisis will persist on the group side in 2010, and that the decline in average rate will be higher for groups than on the transient side of our business. This will likely lead to a reduction in group revenues for the year. Off course the final results for both of our group and transient business will depend on the ultimate strength of the recovery and the economy in 2010. On the asset sale price, in addition to the $200 million in sales we completed last year, we also sold the Sheraton Green Tree [ph] hotel earlier this month for $9 million and recorded a gain of approximately $1 million. This continued our plan of selling non-core properties for significant capital requirements. Given the current operating environment, tight capital markets for potential buyers and our strong capital position, we have not included any additional dispositions in our guidance for the remainder of the year, although, we still expect to market a few assets this year. On the investment front, it is interesting to see how the market has developed over the last 12 months. Despite obviously distress in industry and a growing number of loan defaults, the combination of structural complexity in securitized transactions and a little pressure on banks to resolve troubled loan situations has resulted in very few assets actually coming to market. The bulk of the activity today is occurring in slices of securitized loans either because holders have marked position down enough to permit a sale or a profit, or because that represents the initial level of default in the transaction. At this point, we are pursuing several of these types of investments. While we continue to expect to see more assets come to market, we are less optimistic that we will see -- the opportunities in the near term. Those opportunities we do may be initiated by tactical sellers as opposed to distressed sellers. As the operating environment stabilizes and begins to improve, we should see deal flow accelerate, but that will likely not occur until later this year or into 2011. Given our successful capital raising efforts, we are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities as they begin to arise. However, while we are fairly confident well acquire assets including debt instruments this year, we have not built any acquisition assumption into our guidance at this point. Our level of capital spending declined in 2009, although we continue to reinvest in our portfolios to insure that our assets are well positioned for the future. This past year we completed a new ballroom in the Chicago Swissotel, The Ritz-Carlton in Amelia Island, and the Harbor Beach Marriott. These hotels should benefit from the expanded bidding face [ph] in their respective markets as the recovery begins and group business begins to pick up. Our capital expenditures totaled $85 million for the quarter and $300 million for the full year. Return on investment in repositioning projects totaled $35 million for the quarter and $176 million for the full year. We expect that our capital spending will be approximately $270 million to $300 million in 2010 as we take advantage of a lower cost environment to complete several larger room renovation projects, including the complete repositioning of our San Diego Marina Marriott convention hotel. We do intend to revisit our capital plan  spending plan at mid-year to determine if any other projects should be added. Now let me spend some time in our outlook for 2010. Economic indicators present a very mixed picture with GDP improving, business investment expected to be relatively flat while unemployment remains high and job growth is not expected to accelerate until next year. Even with the recession ending in 2009, we believe that the pace of recovery in 2010 will be somewhat moderate as concerns over unemployment and consumer spending linger. Lodging demand is expected to increase, however, this again would be somewhat offset by a moderate increase and supply. The bigger challenge is on the rate side as we begin this year with average rate running around 10% below last years level. While comparisons will become easier as we move into the second quarter, we see pricing power returning only slowly on a market-by-market basis as demand begins to improve. Unless we experience a far more robust recovery that is currently anticipated, we would expect to endure a third consecutive year of decline in RevPAR and EBITDA. In a more favorably scenario, where significant business investment in job growth, which result in flat RevPAR for the full year, we would anticipate the comparable adjusted margin will decline a 175 basis points, leading to adjusted EBITDA of $750 million and FFO per share of $0.57. Assuming the recovery is more modest, we would anticipate RevPAR could be down 5%, which would result in comparable operating margins declining by 350 basis points, adjusted EBITDA of $635 million and FFO per share of $0.41. Turning to our dividend, we expect to reinstate our regular cash dividend on our common stocks in the amount of penny per share per quarter, and we will continue to pay our quarterly cash dividend on our preferred stocks. In closing, let me say that we do expect to see an economic recovery, and we know from experience that early stage acquisitions tend to outperform. So, we will be aggressively looking for opportunities both domestically and internationally over the next couple of years. We took significant step last year to improve our balance sheet and position ourselves as opportunities arrived. At the property level, we will closely monitor the level of recovery and work closely with our hotel to ensure we are positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities and improved pricing strategy. We also continue to be diligent in our oversight of property operations to ensure we maximize EBITDA and property cash flow through cost controls. Thank you. And now I will return the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our urban hotels performed the best during the fourth quarter with a RevPAR decline of 13.2%. RevPAR for our resort conference hotels decreased 16.5%, while RevPAR at our suburban and airport hotels fell 16.9% and 18.5% respectively. For the full year, our urban hotels performed the best with a RevPAR decline of 18.5% followed by our suburban hotels, which declined 21.4% and our airport hotels, which fell 21.7%. RevPAR declined 23.3% for our resort conference hotels. Our top performing market for the fourth quarter was New Orleans with a RevPAR increase of 13.8%. Strong in-house group and transient business contributed to an occupancy increase of over seven percentage points. In addition, the success of the Saints increased fan and media interest, resulting in additional demand for home gains. The Tampa market continued its strong performance in 2009 with a RevPAR decline of only 3.1%, primarily due to several national sporting events that drove demand, particularly at our Tampa Waterside Marriot, although average daily rates declined 11.8%. The Orlando World Center Marriot outperformed the portfolio with a RevPAR decline of 6.8% as occupancy increased over 370 basis points, while rates fell 12.8%. The outperformance was driven by stronger leisure demand, group pickup and better than expected attrition. As expected, the Washington DC market continued its strong with RevPAR down 8.4% in the fourth quarter. Occupancy was down slightly due to strong government and government related demand while rates fell 8%. RevPAR for Boston fell 9.2% due to a year-over-year increase in occupancy from strong citywide activity offset by a drop in ADR of 10.1%. Additionally, some hotels were able to draw a significant demand in leisure business as well as short-leave group bookings. The San Francisco market RevPAR fell 12.3% which was much better than our expectations for the quarter. Occupancy was up 210 basis points due to strong transient demand while rates fell 14.9%. We are also presently surprised by the outperformance of New York City where RevPAR declined 13% versus a third quarter decline of 29.2%. International and domestic leisure travel business transient and short-leave group bookings dropped -- remained higher than 2008 levels by 260 basis points. RevPAR for the San Diego market fell 18.9% driven by a decline in occupancy of 390 basis points and a 13.7% decline in rates. Lower group demand led to discounting transient rates in order to increase demand. Our two worst markets were Phoenix and Houston where RevPAR fell by 25.7% and 27.2% respectively. Phoenix continues to suffer from the impact of new supply, diminished demand and weak economic fundamentals. The Houston market suffered in 2009 in relation to 2008 from a spike in demand generated by hurricane Ike. For the year, our top three markets were New Orleans with a RevPAR decline of 3.7%, Washington D.C. with a RevPAR decline of 5.3%, and Tampa with a RevPAR decline of 9.6%. The Chicago market, where RevPAR declined 25.8%, the Orlando market with a decrease of 24.2%, and the Phoenix market with a 24% drop in RevPAR were our weakest performers. As Ed mentioned in his comments, we have taken advantage of our liquidity and continue to invest in our portfolio. As we discussed some of our expectations for select market in 2010, you will know that some markets will benefit from our 2009 capital plans and others will be affected by the 2010 capital plans. We expect the Miami/Fort Lauderdale market to perform very well. The outperformance will be driven by the late 2009 Ballroom addition at the Harbor Beach Marriott and demand generated by the Super Bowl and Pro Bowl. Boston will also be a top performer, benefiting from the 2009 renovation at the Sheraton Boston, Boston Marriott Copley Place and the Hyatt Cambridge. In addition, leisure and in-house group demand to help to offset weak citywide activities. We also expect New York City to outperform in 2010. We believe that occupancy will continue to strengthen across all transient segments, and may allow us to stabilize and eventually increase rates. San Francisco will also perform well, the Ballroom renovation at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis will negatively affect the first quarter but improve fourth quarter comparisons. While the citywide pace is down, transient demand is recovering well. Markets that will continue to struggle in 2010 includes Phoenix, where substantial decline in group room nights is expected along with the 2.5% increase in supply. The ballrooms at the Ritz-Carlton and Phoenix in the Westin Kierland will be renovated and we are adding a ballroom in Kierland which will be disrupted and further reduce group room nights. The Hawaiian market will continue to be challenged by the lack of airline capacity and airline price increases. Although we have started to see a recent increase in flights, they are still well below 2007 level. In addition, both of our hotels will undergo room renovations. The San Diego market will struggle due to a substantial decline in citywide demand and the absorption of the new Hilton that opened in 2009, and room renovation at the San Diego Marina Marriott will also negatively effect our performance. For our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in constant euros decreased 13.4% for the quarter. The Westin Palace, Milan, Western Europe and Regina and Venice and The Sheraton Skyline in London outperformed the rest of the portfolio. For the year, RevPAR calculated in constant euros fell 19.9%. We expect the European joint venture portfolio to have RevPAR of +2% to -2% for 2010. For the fourth quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comparable hotels declined 430 basis points. In spite of the difficult comparisons to the fourth quarter of 2008, due to the high levels of contingency plans implemented at that time, the margin performance was very strong. Our managers continue to actively cut discretionary spending and have been proactive in implementing new cost saving measures. Profit flow through in the rooms department was higher than anticipated due to reductions in controllable expenses and an improvement in productivity. Food and beverage flow through was also quite good due to reductions in cost and improvements in productivity as well, even though the revenue decline was driven by the loss of higher margin banquet and audio-visual revenues. Overall, wages and benefits decreased 10.4% and unallocated costs declined by 7.8% for the quarter as hotels reduced management headcount and significantly lowered other controllable costs. Utility cost decreased 9.7% through a combination of lower usage, lower rates and the impact of energy saving capital improvements. For the quarter, real estate taxes declined 6.9% while property insurance costs increased by approximately 1.4%. It is worth noting that we achieved this level of margin performance for the quarter despite the significant negative impact from the treatment of the New York Marriott Marquis ground lease of 50 basis points and a 50% year-over-year decline in cancellation and attrition fees in the quarter, which led to an additional 60 basis points drop in margins. Looking forward to 2010, we expect occupancy to increase, which will lead to growth in wage and benefit costs, slightly less than inflation. After taking into consideration the benefit productivity gain, we expect unallocated costs to decrease less than inflation except for utilities, where we expect higher growth to an increase in rates in volume due to 2010s cold winter compared to the mild winter of 2009. We expect property insurance to increase of inflation, and property taxes to rise in excess of inflation. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to decrease 175 basis points at a better end of the RevPAR range and decrease 350 basis points at the worst end of the range. I previously mentioned the impact of attrition and cancellation fees in the fourth quarter of 2009 results. For all of 2009, attrition and cancellation fees were approximately $40 million higher than a typical year, adjusting 2009 to a typical year with results in 2010 margins declining by 75 basis points less in the marketing detail of ours [ph]. With respect to our balance sheet, we finished the year with over $1.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents. We recently redeemed the remaining $346 million and 7% Series M senior notes due in August of 2012 and repaid the $124 million mortgage on the Atlanta Marriott Marquis with an interest rate in the loan was set to increase 200 basis points to 9.4%. As result of these repayments, we reduced our outstanding debt by $470 million to approximately $5.4 billion and we currently have approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and 99 assets unencumbered by mortgage debt. Lastly, I want to briefly comment on the litigation loss detailed in the press release. Our fourth quarter EBITDA and FFO have been reduced by approximately $41 million for the potential loss related to the attempted sale of the land encumbered by a ground lease for the San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter. We are obviously disappointed by the juries verdict which is not yet final and is subject to close trial motions. While we certainly appreciate the time that the Jury put into this case, we disagree with the trial courts interpretation of the ground lease in question and the effect that interpretation and other rulings had on the jurys deliberations and verdict. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Harvey. (Operator Instructions) And we will go first to Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Quick question on the property tax expectation, what would drive an increase there, is that  I'm guessing its based either profits or values, which would seem to be increasing in 2010, is that just local municipalities kind of cranking up the tax rate?
Larry Harvey: Chris, I think you are right. Thats part of it, part of it is that we were able to, one of the reasons our property tax numbers dropped in the fourth quarter as we were successful in some of the appeals that we had mounted over the course of the last couple of years and the benefits of those appeals came into the fourth quarter number. So that was the reason why the fourth quarter was down. As we look at this year we're still going to be contesting in a number of jurisdictions but I think the problem we are running into is that we know that single family values are down throughout a lot of markets. There is a reluctance on the part of most local governments to increase tax rates, especially as it relates to residential customers. And so, even though our value should be lower, at the end of the day we are assuming that we're going to pay a bit more. It should be at that as it was a couple of years ago where we really got caught in historically high cash flows in a declining environment. So we should get to the point where we start to moderate and see this go the other way, but we dont think we're quite there yet.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: And on the group bookings pace, can you maybe give us just a little bit of color on how thats trended maybe throughout the fourth quarter and into the first quarter in terms of the, really interested in the booking windows and how short are they, and is there any signs they may begin to lengthen?
Ed Walter: I dont we're seeing any sign yet that they are beginning to lengthen. I mean, obviously it depends a lot on the size of the group, but I would say as we look back we talk to our asset managers on our properties and then compare this to what we've seen over the course of the last seven to ten years, we are clearly at the short end of the cycle in terms of how closely events are happening compared to when people are booking them. Its not uncommon to see big events booked within a 30-day timeframe, although I think in general you are seeing the bulk of the business gets booked in a 30- to 60-day timeframe. Were not yet -- as the occupancy levels that we are seeing in the industry right now, they are still at pretty high level of confidence on the part of most, both that are bookings group events -- they will be able to find a place to have at their hotel. Now, we continue to start to see some strong performance on the occupancy side where we begin to see occupancy rebuilds, there will come a point, hopefully it wont be in the too distant future, we are close to start to realize they cant until the last minute, and we just havent got to that point yet.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And we will go next to Josh Attie with Citigroup.
Josh Attie  Citigroup: Whats your philosophy on the ATM program going forward both in terms of using your remaining capacity that you have and also how you would think about using a new program assuming you put one in place this year?
Ed Walter: Well, Josh, I guess, what I would say is as we explain the ATM when we announced it last year, and its really our primary way of funding investments over the course of the near term. Now, we have got a fairly good pipeline right now, but having said that there is nothing; we are not closed to an announcement. There is no deal as imminent yet. I think we have build pretty about where the balance sheet exist at this point relative to the level of cash we have versus the debt maturities that we have paid. And weve raised just a little under $300 million in the programs still far which gives us a good basis or a good base for investing over the course of this year. I think the short answer on the ATM is that we dont expect in the next quarter or so unless we start to announce some acquisition. We dont expect to be issuing equity at the same pace that we were last year, and it will moderate a bit. And then as we -- as I relate it to a new program, I guess what Id say there is, it's a little early to start to contemplate that, I mean at this point what we want to do is sign some acquisitions or other investments to get those dealing. To the extent if thats successful we would certainly think of a as another program has a way to fund future acquisition but we are not at that point yet.
Josh Attie  Citigroup: Okay. And you mentioned earlier that you might look at debt investments as a way to get acquisitions, can you just elaborate on that a little bit what type of investments you would look at and how you'd pursue those?
Ed Walter: Id say that theres a couple of different forms of that type of investments that we'd look at. I am sure many of you know already that a typical securitized deal often comes with a senior notes thats secured by the real estate or maybe a B notes thats also secured by the real estate, and then maybe varying levels of mez debt that are not secured by the real estate but rather look to security in the form of the borrowers' ownership interest for their collateral. What you are finding in a lot of situations right now, it's clear that the borrower is probably going to be out of the picture that just because of decline in value has been significant enough that the borrowers not likely to retain any equity interest in the property because the value is not worth to debt. But what that still means is that theres opportunities to invest either at the mez debt level or at the B note level. Some of those opportunities will be a route to the real estate. It will be an opportunity to buy that note at a significant discount, and then ultimately through for closure process or some other process end up with control of the property. In other cases it may just be that where there is an opportunity to invest in one of those securities and get a mid-teens or higher returns, which would be attractive from our perspective. So, each of the transaction tends to be a little bit different, they are actually fairly interesting but they are also fairly complex, but I think that gives you some flavor for what we are looking at.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: This is Michael Bilerman speaking. Just going back to the equity for a second, I guess maybe you can give little bit more clarity to the pipeline, I guess, to issue another, I know you had the type -- the ATM in place, to issue another 160 million of stock in the quarter or half having the billion already and having an untapped 600 million revolver, rather than wait for a couple of deals to come into pipe, wait for fundamentals to start to turn, and perhaps let that benefit accrue to the stock price and then issue more equity. I guess, it doesnt sound anything is imminent, but maybe you can talk a little bit more about why you pulled the trigger on so much capital relative to your base?
Larry Harvey: Well, Michael, I guess, what I would say is I am not certain when we are talking about the $12 billion company, I necessarily look and when you look at the traditional size of an acquisition that we make, which is typically in that $100 million to $300 million range, that would necessarily look at $300 million of capital being raised, is necessarily being out of way [ph] with the norm. But, I mean, the point I was trying to make, maybe I wasnt quite so clear about it is that, number one, we do have a pipeline, but there isnt anything imminent that we dont intend to issue equity at the same rate that we have been over the next couple of quarters unless we see that pipeline start to materialize in real deal. So, I think, partly it sounds like part of our comment was that it would be prudent to be slower about raising equity capital until we start to see deal flow materialize, and I dont think we see the road differently from you.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: Right, and I think, I guess, I was thinking more so that, that probably would have happened at the end of the third quarter that you would have put the brakes on a little bit of the equity prior to maybe announcing a deal or two. But it sounds like at this point we are at the same ballpark. Is there anything under matter of intense or that you can comment of?
Ed Walter: I dont want to comment on the status of deal, just because over the years I have found that to comment on anything before its done is usually a mistake. The thing I would point out too as you think about the capital we have is that, we have been  part of what we have been doing is trying to make certain we have adequate capacity deals in maturities that we have. Now were in great shape on that perspective. We only have  assuming our exchangeable afflict to us in a couple of months, we only have a little over 300 million come through this year, and we dont deal our exposure in 2011 thats much different than that. But remember that part of the drive and the world is changing, but part of the drive that we had over the course of 2009 is to make certain we were adequately prepared to deal with the different debt maturities that we have. And so some of that money that we have already is really targeted to deal with those maturities.
Michael Bilerman  Citigroup: Right. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff  JPMorgan: Good morning guys. You talked about this a little bit but just going back to your 2010 RevPAR outlook. I mean, maybe you can sort of contrast it with maybe how Marriott and Starwood are looking at things on the domestic side and their 2010 outlook is zero to down 3%. Do you look at 2010 differently than they do, is it more group business for you that kind of weighs on the outlook? Is it conservatism or is it a different view of the economy, if you can  give me sort of help reconcile your deal maybe versus some of your peers? And do you think that you underperformed some of the branded guys, given your mix or geographic segments?
Ed Walter: Joe, I would  if I were to be in flip I would probably answer this but generally I think you are seeing the conservatism of an owner who is basically paid and focused on the bottom line as the somewhat normal optimism of the operator to the little bit more top line focus. The truth is that I dont think there is a huge difference in the way we are looking at next 2010 compared to Marriott and Starwood are. They represent together probably 75% to 80% of our portfolio. So, to the extent that the way the years plays out is closer to the midpoint of their guidance and necessarily the midpoint of ours, you will see that benefit in our performance. I dont expect that we would really ultimately perform much differently from them. I dont know the exact composition of Starwood and Marriott portfolios from a group versus transient perspective. We mentioned the point that we may have a bit more groups in them and I suspect that thats right. I think in the case of the Marriott portfolio I am sure that when you look at all the large group convention hotels that we own, that they also operate, I suspect that we will have a disproportionate percentage of those. If you look at that in terms of how we compare to the overall market in this area last year we probably ran 37% to 38% of our mix was group, and I think the industry as a whole has been up or upscale average 30% to 31%. So we are a little bit higher in group, and we area little bit concerned about group for this year just from the standpoint that everything we talked about today and in the past has been that group got hit a lot harder in this downturn than it normally got and frankly then we would have hoped in a way we developed our portfolio. I suspect that if we do underperform at all it would probably because we have a slightly larger group presence, and it may take a bit longer for that to come back. I think longer term that will -- I see that as a huge benefit. The reality is that that our normal group typically represents 42% to 43% of our overall business. So thats a 5% plus jump in share that should ultimately come out of our portfolio, or happen to our portfolio the group that covers. And once that starts to turn the corner, we start to see group and it will especially be corporate group comeback. You'll see that reflected in stronger results for those.
Joe Greff  JPMorgan: Thats helpful, Ed. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Will Marks with JMP Securities.
Will Marks  JMP Securities: Hi, good morning. My question just relates to supply, I dont think you mentioned supply on the call and I'm wondering how that supply may impact New York. It seems like the year-to-date numbers for the industry in New York are pretty strong but maybe you can just comment on major supply?
Ed Walter: Overall, supply based on what most of the market experts have predicted looked like its going to end up being in that 1.3% to 1.5% level. A lot of that is weighted towards the first part of the year, its logic that with finance. That tree, financial meltdown are finally completed. As you look across the spectrum of markets that appear to be a bit more challenging, finance in New York and Denver tend to be some of the markets where we've seen more supply coming in, kind of looking at that in a 2009 to 2011 timeframe. That when New York makes that list of, the supply in New York is not really in Manhattan as much as in some of the surrounding neighborhoods and surrounding boroughs. So, ultimately as we look at the New York market, we actually feel fairly good about the ability of New York to absorb what will a downtown market what we are, for New York to absorb that supply. I mean the reality is for our portfolio for last year we ran well above 80% in terms of occupancy. I think it was around 83% for the full year in New York, was over -- a real close to 90% in the fourth quarter. So New York is one of those markets that we actually think, if you could get a little bit of pickup on the corporate transient side, we have little bit of strength on the group side, thats the market that could surprise to the upside over the course of 2010.
Will Marks  JMP Securities: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And well go next to Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Just a quick question on the group bookings for 10, can you specify what the rate line is on those on a year-over-year basis?
Ed Walter: Yes, part of the challenge in looking at group booking pace for this -- for 2010 is trying to adjust out the cancellation. But what I would tell you is look at this point that we are probably running plus or minus 5% behind where we were at this time last year.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, so there is only 5% decline in rates in there. Second question, just in terms of the acquisition pipeline, can you give a sense of how much were looking at at this point? I mean is there a significant amount or is it really just one-offs at this point?
Ed Walter: I would say that on the debt side, I am fairly encouraged by the number of transactions that were looking at. I guess the way I would describe is that more than the handful, on the fee side it is not. I mean, you are not seeing, as I have said in my prepared comments, you are just not seeing deals go through the process that had come out ready for sale at this point in time. That should change, I mean, you cant have the number of defaults that we know are reading about and others that we are hearing are imminent, and you cant have all that happen not either properties ultimately makes the market, but it hasnt did yet.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. With those $0.01 dividend statement there, do you anticipate this performance in the fourth quarter has been to pay another special dividends havent to have requirements, or do you think of based upon your current outlook that should be pretty good, and once that run rate should be sufficient?
Larry Harvey: I think, I mean realistically the $0.01 level should be all that we pay out this year except for the fact that, Im commented that we are still going to try to sell some assets this year. We just werent confident about the likelihood of those happening that we didnt think there was any reason to include them in our expectations for the year. To the extent that some of those sales might happen at levels where they would trigger significant capital gains, then that might be the one reason why there would be a need for special dividend because taxable income would have gone up by a meaningful amount, but other than that there would be no  at this point wouldnt accept that we would have a need to distribute more than the penny for the quarter.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Strongly I know you are primarily an unsecured borrowers, but I am just curious as to what you  if you seen any kind of strengthening in the secured debt markets?
Larry Harvey: Yes, on the secured debt side, with respect to availability there has been a lot progress made, I think you have  there are some other banks out there that will principal CMBS debt, which would be in  depending on maturities in the six to 6.5 range at roughly 50% to 55% loan to value. You still have like companies out there on the higher end of, more of a 6.5 to 7.5 but there is availability out there. And those rates are significantly better as you can imagine they were a year ago.
Michael Salinsky  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Will Crow with Raymond James.
Will Crow  Raymond James: Good morning, guys. Two quick questions. Larry, the CapEx guidance for 2010, how much of that is kind of recurring maintenance and how much is NOI provision?
Larry Harvey: I think what Id probably say is that, well, I think the true ROI component of that is probably in the 15% range. I think that is -- and the bulk of it is primarily for targeted maintenance this year.
Will Crow  Raymond James: And then could you guys give us an update on how your Ritz-Carltons are performing, whats the demand like, is the kind of the stigma gone away, what the group bookings look like as you think about, not so much 2010, but more 2011 and 2012, if you could just kind of cover that topic?
Ed Walter: Bill, thats good question because luxury is obviously one of the key part of our portfolio. It has dragged us down in a way those hotels performed last year. It is interesting to watch them and the trends on the luxury side, luxury did, I would say it did better, that would be an overstatement that they did better than the rest of the portfolio in the fourth quarter, but it certainly did a lot better than it had done in the first three quarters of the year. And as you got towards December and into January, and I think some of this is because if you think about the luxury segment especially the Ritz-Carlton Hotels that have own, we have a big lot [ph] of presence. Weve actually seen that, that segment has outperformed the rest of the company in both the months of December and January. Now I think some of that is timing and some of that is the fact -- again reflects back to that last year was fairly ugly on the luxury side because those are the hotels that got hit first by the some of the politics around the same reasons for some other areas, but more than short is that were actually expecting for our whole portfolio this year for likely to probably do a little bit better than the portfolio as a whole. Were actually thinking of Florida hotels based on their budgets and their performance here so far, individually there was only six weeks in the year, so you dont really get a lot out of that. But so far our RevPAR which is in Florida are expecting to have positive RevPAR for the year. So I think what that tells you is that they are doing a little  they are doing better on the demand side. They are still down meaningfully in terms of rate, so thats going to a challenge and it probably take them a while to rebuild on that front. There are still some segments in the industry that are scared to go to a luxury hotel, and so I suspect well fight back for another year. We dont  and our risk is we do at for season, we dont get a lot of bookings that are multiple years out, thats a typical corporate customer in terms of what close they are in. So I dont know that you can draw a lot of comfort for what you are see in 11 and 12 but the bookings looking out further are inline with what you would expect in a normal year. They dont reflect some of the weakness in all of that.
Will Crow  Raymond James: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: And thats all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ed Walter for any closing remarks.
Ed Walter: Great. Well, thank you everybody for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to talk about our results for 2009. More importantly, we look forward to talking with you in late April to discuss how 2010 is starting off and as how we see the rest of 2010. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson  Executive Vice President W. Edward Walter  President and Chief Executive Officer Larry K. Harvey  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joseph Greff  JP Morgan  Mike Selinsky  RBC Capital Markets Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Securities Andrew Whitman  Robert W. Baird  Smedes Rose  Keefe Bruyette & Woods Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts, Incorporated third quarter earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice-President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory Larson:  Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts third quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.  Additionally, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com.  This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results and then we will describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2009. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our third quarter results including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. Now, here's Ed. 
W. Edward Walter :  Thanks, Greg. Good morning everyone. While the financial results I will discuss shortly reflect the exceptionally challenging operating environment we have been facing, I should note that our performance this quarter exceeded our expectations and we are seeing some favorable trends begin to develop which I will discuss in a few minutes.  Before I get to that, let me first talk about our results for the third quarter. Our comparable hotel rev par for the third quarter decreased 21.3% as a result of a 16.2% decrease in average rate and a decline in occupancy of 4.6 percentage points. Our average rate was $155 per night and our average occupancy was 70%. Food and beverage revenues at comparable hotels decreased 20% for the quarter as banquet business declined as a result of lower food volumes and outlet revenue declined due to lower occupancy and more conservative spending patterns.  Third quarter comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin decreased 685 basis points and resulted in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter of $139 million. Our FFO per diluted share for the quarter was $0.11. On a year-to-date basis comparable rev par decreased 22.3% and adjusted profit margin declined 560 basis points. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDA was $570 million. Year-to-date FFO per diluted share was $0.33 and that includes a reduction of $0.24 per share related primarily to year-to-date non-cash impairment and interest charges.  While overall demand continues to be weak compared to pre-downturn levels and this weakness is translating into much softer room rates across all segments, we did see several positive trends develop this quarter. Starting with our transient business, for the first time in seven quarters we did not experience a significant decline in transient room nights as the number of room nights sold this quarter matched the prior-year total. Demand in our corporate and special corporate segments fell by just 10% which was the lowest decline in the last five quarters and increases in demand for the lower rate segments fully offset this reduction leading to flat transient occupancy.  The combination of a shift in business to lower rate segments and rate competition across all segments resulted in an average rate decline of 20% which translated to a 20% decline in comparable transient rev par. While the average rate decline is clearly a concern, we were pleased by the improvement in demand on the transient front which we believe was generally driven by improved leisure business in many markets. While it is challenging to analyze the results for the last few weeks because of the shifting impact of the Jewish holidays, so far we have been seeing transient room nights run ahead of last years pace in the fourth quarter despite the expected decline in leisure related trends which suggest that corporate demand may be beginning to stabilize.  On the group side, the fallout from the cancellations experienced at the end of last year and the beginning of this year continue to take a toll on group occupancy. Despite better bookings and less than expected attrition on the quarter group room nights still declined by over 15% with the most significant declines concentrated in our higher rated corporate segment. Competitive pricing pressures led to corporate group discounts and short-term group rate concessions and as a result group average room rates fell more than 10% in the quarter leading to a group revenue decrease of approximately 24%.  While our group business does continue to be impacted by the weak economy, there are some indications this aspect of our business is beginning to stabilize. The short-term net group bookings in the quarter for the quarter exceeded the levels obtained in both 2007 and 2008 and on a relative basis the number of overall net room nights booked in the third quarter for 2009 and 2010 improved significantly when compared to our results in the first half of the year. While the booking pace for the fourth quarter continues to trend behind last years pace, the booking cycle continues to be very short which offers the potential for additional pick up in the quarter.  As we look into 2010 we are pleased to see that our transient demand is improving albeit at lower rates because we expect that the first sign of better results will ultimately be driven by that segment. Our group booking pace for 2010 is still behind last years pace although the decline has moderated from what we had experienced earlier in 2009 and the combination of easier comps and the improving economy suggests that this gap should begin to close.  That said, despite the relative improvement in rev par from the second quarter to the third and our expectation this trend will continue into the fourth quarter we still expect the combination of low occupancy and customers now accustomed to seeking lower prices will mean that rev par will continue to decline during the early months of 2010. As the economy improves, especially on the investment and employment fronts, and demand particularly from our corporate customers begins to recover further, that equation should begin to change. Based on historical trends, occupancy will recover first and then we will see improvements in pricing.  Given that we are currently experiencing record low levels of occupancy, in general we would expect we need to see a meaningful improvement in occupancy before we see pricing strength although ultimately this will be a market by market and even day of the week by day of the week event.  Turning to our balance sheet and capital investment activities, as Larry will discuss in greater detail we were able to continue this quarter to improve the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet as we repaid nearly $570 million in debt and enhanced our investment capabilities by issuing $130 million of common stock through our recently announced continuous equity program.  On the asset sale front, we sold four non-core properties during the quarter three of which we announced on our prior call. In addition to the sale of the Sheraton Stanford, Washington/Dulles Marriott Suites and the Boston Marriott Newton which we mentioned in July we also closed on the sale of the Hanover Marriott in August. The net proceeds of these sales totaled approximately $90 million leading to total asset sales for the year of roughly $200 million. Consistent with our theme over the last several years these hotels were selected for sale because they had less obvious growth prospects compared to the remainder of our portfolio and in some cases required significant capital reinvestment. At this point we do not project any additional dispositions for the remainder of the year.  On the investment front there are a few signs of [involving] markets as publicity around real and potential foreclosures continues to grow. As of yet there is little on the market that we find tempting but we continue to monitor activity and we expect to see deal flow improve in 2010 as the combination of lending debt maturities and depressed operating results create more motivated sellers or inadvertent owners. In fact, looking forward through 2014 there is over $30 billion of hotel CMBS debt that is coming due and although difficult to precisely calculate we think there is over $100 billion of hotel, bank and [license] company debt coming due during that time period.  Given the reductions in cash flow the industry has experienced and the prevalence of higher initial leverage levels on many of these loans, we would expect we would see additional assets begin to enter the market over the course of next year and into 2011. We intend to be opportunistic as market conditions evolve and are optimistic about the future prospects in this arena.  As we have mentioned on previous calls our level of capital spending has declined in 2009 although we have continued to reinvest in our portfolio to assure that our assets are well positioned for the future. One benefit of completing capital projects in this environment is that our construction costs have decreased roughly 8-10% and the business interruption impact is reduced.  For the quarter our capital expenditures totaled $63 million which includes a return on investment and repositioning projects totaling approximately $40 million. This quarter several projects were completed including the 62,000 square foot ballroom with free function space at the Chicago Swissotel and the renovation of nearly 1,500 guest rooms in our Sheraton Boston hotel, San Francisco Marriott at Fishermans Wharf and the Westin Tabor Center.  Year-to-date capital expenditures have totaled $255 million including $141 million of return on investment and repositioning projects. We continue to expect our capital spending for the year will total about $340 million.  Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of the year. Unfortunately our visibility continues to be very limited given the extremely short booking cycle. However, assuming that demand continues to stabilize at current levels and we continue to see pressure on average rate, we would anticipate that our comparable hotel rev par decline would range between 20-22% for the full year which is slightly better than what we had projected in July which reflects our improved operating results this summer.  At these rev par levels we would expect our full-year comparable adjusted margin decline to range between 600-640 basis points leading to a projected adjusted EBITDA range of $760-800 million. This will translate into FFO per share of $0.46 to $0.51 for the full year and that includes $0.25 per share of costs related primarily to non-cash charges for impairment and non-cash interest expense.  As I mentioned earlier, we assume that lodging demand will continue to be weak into the first half of 2010 and our results for the year will depend on the strength and pace of the economic recovery. Due to the current uncertainty surrounding the economic climate, the short booking window and the fact that we are in the initial stages of our property level budgeting process we are not comfortable giving 2010 guidance at this time but will provide more detailed insight into our 2010 expectations during our fourth quarter call in February.  With respect to our common dividend, in September we declared a common dividend of approximately $0.25 per share payable on December 18th, 2009. We will take advantage of the IRS ruling which allows us to pay up to 90% of the dividend in the form of newly issued stock. As a result, we expect that our common dividend will be comprised of a cash distribution of about $0.025 per share with the remainder paid in stock.  Given our perspective on this business, our operating strategy over the next several months will evolve with the market. At the property level we have stressed realistic revenue forecasting and aggressive expense reductions in an effort to maximize our EBITDA and property cash flow. As various markets begin to show signs of stabilization we will look to adjust pricing strategies to maximize revenue. While the current environment is challenging, the longer term fundamentals of our business are improving.  Supply growth has moderated, especially after 2010 and will likely remain at historically low levels for several years which sets the stage for solid rev par growth once demand recovers since the current distressed operating environment should ultimately result in acquisition opportunities that meet our pricing and quality requirements, we are refining our view of key markets and are working hard to prepare to execute efficiently and intelligently as the markets or acquisitions improve.  Thank you. Now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail. 
Larry Harvey :  Thank you Ed. Let me start by giving you some details on our comparable hotel rev par results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our urban hotels performed the best during the third quarter with a rev par decline of 19.6%. Rev par for our airport hotels decreased 23.1% while rev par at our resort conference and suburban hotels fell 24.6%.  Turning to our regional results, the south-central region performed the best with a rev par decline of 7.8%. As expected the out performance was driven by flat rev par for our San Antonio properties and continued strength at the New Orleans Marriott where rev par only fell 4.2%. The San Antonio market benefited from an increase in city-wide activity and the third quarter 2008 lobby renovation at the San Antonio Marriott Riverwalk. The New Orleans Marriott benefited from strong leader business. We expect the New Orleans Marriott to have another good quarter while the San Antonio market will underperform the overall portfolio in the fourth quarter due to a year-over-year drop in city-wide activity.  The D.C. metro region continued to perform better than the overall portfolio with a rev par decline of 10.5%. Our downtown properties benefited from strong government and government related demand as well as solid leader business. We expect the D.C. metro region to continue to outperform on a relative basis in the fourth quarter.  The Atlanta region outperformed the overall portfolio with a rev par decline of 18.1%. The decline was driven by reduced group and city-wide demand. We expect the Atlanta region to underperform the portfolio in the fourth quarter due to lower group and transient demand and a more significant decline in rate.  As we anticipated, the New England region rebounded in the third quarter with a rev par decline of 16.1%, a significant improvement from the 28.7% decline in the second quarter. Had two of our hotels not been under renovation, the results would have been even better. City-wide room nights in Boston were up over 2008 although rates were lower. We expect the New England region to perform much better than the overall portfolio in the fourth quarter due to growth in city-wide room nights compared to last year.  Overall rev par for our Pacific region fell 23.2% for the quarter. However, results varied by market. The Seattle market outperformed the rest of the region with a rev par decline of 17.4% as our hotels were able to induce demand by offering value promotions. As expected, rev par for the San Francisco market declined 26% as the third quarter of 2008 had very strong transient and city-wide demand.  Rev par for our Hawaiian properties decreased 22.9% due to weak transient demand which led to lower rates and reduced leader demand. For the fourth quarter we expect the Hawaiian market to outperform the majority of the Pacific region due to easier comparisons. We expect the San Francisco market to continue to struggle due to weak group and corporate demand and Seattle will also likely underperform due to lower group demand and weaker transient business.  Rev par for the mid-Atlantic region decreased to 27.2% as our New York properties experienced a rev par decline of 29.2% with significant declines in rates. While group demand declined significantly transient demand was strong but at a lower price point as international leisure demand continued to increase throughout the quarter. We expect New York City to continue to struggle in the fourth quarter although we have seen positive signs from short leads with bookings.  The Philadelphia market continued to perform well on a relative basis with a rev par decrease of 17.2% driven by stronger transient and group business. We expect the Philadelphia market to continue to outperform the portfolio due to continued strength in business transient. As expected, the Florida region underperformed in the third quarter with a rev par decline of 25.1%. Our Tampa properties continue to perform well with rev par down 11.3% and occupancy only down slightly.  Rev par for our Miami/Fort Lauderdale properties was down 16.9% as shortening leisure business was induced by discounting rates. Rev par for the Orlando World Center Marriot declined 38.4% as group cancellations were significant in the quarter. In the fourth quarter we expect the Tampa region to continue to outperform; the Miami/Fort Lauderdale region to struggle due to renovations at the Harbor Beach Marriott and the Orlando market to rebound based on improvements in transient and improved demand.  Rev par for the international region which includes our four Canadian hotels, two hotels in Chile and one hotel in Mexico City declined 23.6% for the quarter. However, using constant U.S. dollars rev par declined only 14%. Year-to-date the D.C. Metro region has been our best region with a rev par decline of 4.6% followed by the South/Central region with a rev par decrease of 15.3%; the mid-Atlantic region with a rev par decline of 27.2% and the international region with a rev par decline of 29.4% have been our worst performers. However, using constant U.S. dollars rev par only declined 14.2% for the international region.  For our European joint venture, rev par calculated in constant Euros decreased 18.3% for the quarter. On a relative basis, the three Italian hotels and the Sheraton Warsaw outperformed the rest of the portfolio while a major renovation contributed to the poor performance of the Crown Plaza Amsterdam. On a year-to-date basis, rev par calculated in constant Euros fell 22.8%.  For the third quarter adjusted operating profit margin for our comparable hotels declined 685 basis points. As we have previously discussed, the treatment of the ground rent for the New York Marriott Marquis negatively impacted our margins for 2009. The effect for the third quarter was to reduce margins by 50 basis points. Year-over-year comparisons were less favorable in the third quarter of 2009 as the implementation of our contingency plans increased in the third quarter of 2008.  Our managers continue to actively cut discretionary spending and have been very proactive in implementing new cost saving measures. Profit flow through in the room department was higher than anticipated due to reductions in controlled expenses and improvement in productivity. Food and beverage flow through was also quite good due to reductions in cost and productivity improvement as well despite the fact the revenue decline was driven by the loss of higher margin banquet and audio/visual revenues.  Overall wages and benefits decreased 11.2% and unallocated costs declined by 13.6% for the quarter as hotels reduced management headcount and significantly lowered other controllable costs. Utility costs decreased 17.3% through a combination of lower usage, lower rates and the impact of energy saving capital improvements.  For the quarter real estate taxes were flat while property insurance costs increased by approximately 18%. Year-to-date our comparable adjusted operating profit margins declined 560 basis points.  Looking at the fourth quarter we think comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins will decline more than we experienced in the rest of the year primarily due to the significant level of fourth quarter 2008 high profit cancellation revenues, the high level of cost contingency measures implemented in the fourth quarter of last year and decline in average rates in 2009. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted profit margin to decrease in a range of 600-640 basis points for full-year 2009. The treatment of the New York Marriott Marquis ground rent and business interruption proceeds received with respect to our New Orleans Marriott in the first quarter of 2008 will reduce our margins by approximately 55 basis points for 2009.  In the third quarter we repaid the $175 million mortgage loan on the San Diego Marina Marriott, $135 million mortgage from the Westin Kierland and the $210 million term loan outstanding under our credit facility. We also repurchased $49 million of our 2007 exchangeable debentures. We have no further debt maturities in 2009 and only $325 million of exchangeable debentures that holders have the right to put to us in 2010.  We finished the quarter with $1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $600 million of capacity on our credit facility. We have reduced our debt by approximately $570 million since the end of the second quarter. We believe our balance sheet strategy of primarily utilizing unsecured debt has been beneficial as that market has recovered more quickly than the secured debt market and provides greater access to capital and rates have continued to decline.  In addition, as a result of our secured debt repayment in the third quarter we have $1.2 billion of secured debt on 11 properties leaving us with 101 unencumbered assets which could be available as collateral for other secured loans. We continue to evaluate the secured debt market and have recently started to see reductions in mortgage loan pricing and additional availability.  In August we announced the continuous equity offering program which we believe is a cost efficient way to raise equity capital that we intend to utilize for acquisitions and other investments. We issued $130 million of equity at a net price of $10 per share in the quarter. With our substantial cash balance and access to capital we are very comfortable with our liquidity position.  I want to mention one last thing prior to starting the Q&A session. The full-year guidance that Ed discussed in his guidance includes a $0.01 to $0.015 per share reduction for accounting guidance recently proposed by the EITF that would require companies to account for dividends paid in common stock to be included in the weighted average shares calculation for EPS and FFO purposes as of the beginning of the year. Put simply, instead of including the shares distributed to shareholders on our December 18th dividend date, the shares would be included as if they were distributed to shareholders on January 1, 2009 assuming the proposed requirement is ratified by the FAS-B in November.  This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Joseph Greff  JP Morgan. 
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan : I have three questions; two are related to occupancy volume and one on CapEx. You mentioned in your earlier comments that occupancy would need to meaningfully improve to get pricing, I presume that is same store pricing, up and it is market by market, geography by geography. Can you maybe talk about are we 200-300 basis points away from getting pricing or 500-600 basis points and particularly with respect to New York we seem to look at New York as a leading indicator market. Another comment on occupancy you also mentioned was the first half of next year you expect demand to be weak. Do we interpret that comment on the first half of 2010 as occupancy down or occupancy up but still well below normalized thresholds or still kind of below on a 2-year basis?  My final question is how are you thinking about 2010 CapEx? What is the minimum level of maintenance CapEx you can get away with do you think? 
W. Edward Walter :  Let me start with speaking a little bit about occupancy. The question you raised about how much of an occupancy increase do we need to see is an interesting one. As carefully as we have tried to look at it, it really does come down to a market-by-market issue. Markets like New York and probably L.A. and D.C. where in New York we are running 90% right now and in L.A. and D.C. we are running close to 80%, I think there is an opportunity in a market like that as we start to see a little bit of improvement in demand it could fairly quickly translate into some pricing strength. We are not at that point quite yet but we are certainly approaching that. On the other hand if you have a market like Atlanta and Denver where we are running in the 60% range right now you are going to need occupancy to rebuild a lot more before you are going to really see any pricing power. As you know, it really does happen day by day because where we get pricing power ultimately comes about on the days when we have more demand than we have room. So when you get to that scenario that creates the opportunity to really drive pricing by trying to [raise] it. To talk about my comment relative to 2010 I think the way we were thinking about that on the demand side is we would probably start off, I think we expect a little bit lower occupancies in the beginning of the year in 2010 but I think the bigger issue for 2010 is really rate and rate is really the bigger challenge as we transition from where we are finishing this year and into next year we are concerned that rates are just lower than where they have been.  In the context of describing weak demand at least in the beginning of 2010 that is really more of a rate commentary than anything else. To maybe just speak to that just a bit more I think everybody knows that our business is pretty much tied to what is happening in the economy. We are going to be looking fairly carefully at both employment and corporate investment to try to get a sense of how quickly a recovery might happen. A lot of the consensus projections out there right now seem to be expecting that employment will not pick up until the second half of the year and really show investment at this stage in 2010 as being relatively flat to 2009. Those are some of the factors that lead us to conclude it will probably take until the second half of the year before you start to see some sort of a meaningful rebound in rev par.  I think another factor we look at is the run rate when we think over a 2 year time span of where rev par sits in 2009 compared to 2007 and use that as a proxy for trying to get a sense as to what is going to happen with rev par. Our sense is that the fourth quarter even at the better end of our expectations is going to be running behind where we were in Q1 of this year and consequently it is likely we would expect to see the first part of next year would start off negative compared to this year.  On the other hand, as we look further into the year we all know that supply especially in our segment is moderating. It should come in at roughly 50% of 2009 levels. Some of the themes we discussed in our prepared comments about both transient occupancy stabilizing as well as some signs the group is getting better too offers some hope for the recovery especially in the second half of the year.  The other comment I would make in this area is we mentioned before we thought there was some chance there was business that didnt happen in 2009 that was postponed because of political issues and [inaudible] rebound in 2010. There is no clear indication yet that is happening but we did get some feedback from a couple of our operators that they are finding they are having conversations with corporate customers around having events that were cancelled in 2009 and having those in 2010. So it will be interesting to see if those materialize.  Switching over to the capital question, we are looking at our capital budget right now for 2010. I think our sense is our spending in 2010 will probably be slightly less than what we are doing in 2009. In fact, we still have the ability to refine that as we get a little bit more clear perspective on what 2010 will look like from an operational perspective.  Our liquidity position is very, very solid as Larry mentioned, especially for our core hotels. I think it is important that we continue to have hotels that are in good physical condition. As I mentioned in my own comments, pricing in this area right now is fairly attractive. To the extent we are comfortable that an expenditure is necessary and that is all we would really be doing next year anyway, to the extent we are comfortable it is a smart expenditure, doing it next year really affords us the ability to do it for less and with less disruption which is why I think ultimately you will see our budget be just slightly less than where this year was. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mike Selinsky  RBC Capital Markets. 
Mike Selinsky  RBC Capital Markets: You talked a good deal about acquisitions and when you expect to begin making them. Can you talk a little bit how pricing is in the market right now, kind of what the expectations are out there among those properties that are on the market? Also where you stand right now with regard to your two funds and when you expect to be making acquisitions in those as well? 
W. Edward Walter :  There is not a lot of detail on where pricing is right now because frankly not a lot of transactions have happened. I think we made some reference in the last call to the fact the one trend we were seeing is as people become more comfortable that we are either at the bottom or approaching the bottom in terms of operating results you are starting to see Cap rates decline and I think that is happening as a natural progression. As people become more comfortable that we are hitting the bottom you begin to build in the growth you expect to see come in the future into any acquisitions.  If we look at where Cap rates have been on the properties we have sold what we are seeing is the cap rates on the ones we have sold have been in the 7.5-8% range on current year numbers but if you really add in the capital that we felt was necessary for the property you are probably starting to look at cap rates further into the 6-6.5% range. I think as you look across the market and look at different pricing segments you will probably find at the higher end where the damage has been greater cap rates have probably dropped lower than that, again depending upon an individual buyers expectation of the future. That is probably a fairly good proxy for where cap rates would be for a typical Marriott or typical Westin hotel.  What was the second part of your question? 
Mike Selinsky  RBC Capital Markets: With regards to your [Q] fund, when you expect to begin deploying proceeds and what the opportunities look like both in Europe as well as Asia at this point? 
W. Edward Walter :  I think in Europe, the Europe market at this point feels a lot like the U.S. and I would say there is even fewer properties in Europe on the market but we are in a wait and see mode there. It wouldnt surprise me at all if we didnt deploy capital in Europe next year. In Asia, I think you all know the Asian economies have recovered more quickly than in Western Europe or in the U.S. While we dont have anything to announce in Asia at this time we are working fairly hard on a number of transactions.  Our focus in Asia, as we have mentioned in the past, is not just on full service but it is also on select service opportunities and our sense of those types of opportunities is they continue to be attractive. Everything, however, it takes a little bit longer to get done than it has in the past so I wouldnt expect in either case we would be announcing anything this year but at this stage I feel fairly confident we would be announcing at least some investment in Asia next year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: If I could go on your earlier response, I am just trying to reconcile your comments on cap rate. Maybe how we should be thinking about distressed asset pricing if and when you do see it. Several of the assets that recently have been back and other private companies handed back are on pace to deliver EBITDA for 2009 that was 60-70% below their peak. Do you think when we see someone such as Host make acquisitions that you will be using sort of those mid, single digit cap rates on those types of trough numbers or is it possible we could actually see assets that are even cash flow negative or much, much lower cap rates? Effectively even some earnings dilutive of any long-term might even be accretive? 
W. Edward Walter :  I dont know there would be too many assets I would see us buying where you would look at it where we would be buying negative cash flow. I wouldnt concretely rule that out because you have to look at the specific circumstances surrounding an acquisition to see if that was merited. If there was a situation with mismanagement or the opportunity to change brands, something like that, that might create a situation where we would make that type of an acquisition. The way we are going to look at acquiring hotels this cycle is going to be pretty similar to the way we have looked at it in the past. That is we will underwrite a 10-year IRR on the asset to try to build in what we think a reasonable growth prospect over the life of that hold period. We are going to look to buy assets that will be at a premium to what we believe our cost of capital is that that time.  Now if we were looking today we would probably be expecting depending upon the market, the quality of the property and things like that for properties that would deliver a return somewhere between 11-13% on an unleveraged IRR basis. If you think about the way that analysis and the way that valuation process works you could end up with, you would love to see properties that were bought in that 7 to 8 to 9 cap range but there may be other opportunities where you end up at a lower cap rate and that was simply because our evaluation of the recovery for those particular assets would be stronger than the assets that might be bought in the 7-9 range. 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: How are lenders right now? I know there is not a tremendous amount of activity but how are lenders looking at mortgage financing on these types of assets? Using an arbitrary example if an asset has $10 million of EBITDA and it sells at three it really couldnt support that much leverage at the trough versus maybe it would over a typical period of time. So I guess how are you thinking about deploying it and I guess how are lenders offering for that? 
W. Edward Walter :  I think for us we have typically not bought properties with property specific debt as part of the financing package. We typically have done our acquisitions on an all cash basis and then figured out the leverage either using corporate debt or in some cases secured debt sort of after the fact. I think you raise a good point which is one of the challenges that people that rely on secured debt for acquisitions are going to run into is that secured debt is still pricier than where it was during the last cycle even though those levels are getting a little bit better right now. I think what Larry has generally indicated in the past is it is hard to find leverage that is much above 50% loan to value. Even that value in that context is fairly conservatively underwritten.  So my guess is in the equation you are playing out you would probably see, especially if you get a little bit more price discovery in the market, you should start to see lenders get comfortable with slightly lower cap rates for valuation purposes but those loan to value ratios are still going to be relatively low. 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Marriott indicated on their call they expected to see owners would see points of operating expense growth going forward. How are you thinking about expense growth in 2010 and beyond now that we are beginning to anniversary the expense cuts? Is there much left to implement particularly as you think demand is going to be rising? 
W. Edward Walter :  As we progress through each quarter this year we have seen in our results the margin comparisons get more difficult and as a result you have seen the margin deterioration each quarter become a little bit more significant. I think you are right to identify that as you look to both Q4 and into next year that scenario is going to get more challenging because there have been I think tremendous efforts that redesign the way we deliver services and how much that costs at our properties which is why we have been fairly happy with the margin results that we have had given the revenue decline we have experienced.  That challenge, while I think there is still going to be opportunity to do better and take some costs out of the system and obviously there are some costs in a negative revenue environment that will go down such as fee based costs, there is a chance next year that utilities and taxes could be a little bit lower. Again, in the utility case that depends on a lot of external forces. Not everything about expenses next year is necessarily about an increase. Some things could be better.  As we have thought a little bit about next year and we havent even started on a property level budget so these comments are incredibly directional because they are not really based on anything specific yet one way we have thought about it is if you go back to the last downturn and you look at the third year of the last downturn that being 2003 our rev par in 2003 was down 4-4.5 points and our margins were down around 300. If you think about what that may mean in a context of 2010 obviously if the rev par number is better than the margin number would have been better. I think there is some sense of guidance one could take from that as an estimate. 
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Do you think that period of time was as applicable because post 9/11 it seems like many operators and owners were very slow to cut costs because 9/11 wasnt a planned event and its impact, people didnt understand how long its impact would be felt for. It felt like expenses got cut late in that cycle, not early. 
W. Edward Walter :  I would agree with you in part although by the time we got to 2003 if you remember the events of 9/11 sort of dwarf everybodys recollection of what was happening in 2001 but we were already headed to a negative rev par year in 2001 before 9/11. That just exacerbated it. Then at least in the full service sector 2002 was negative and then obviously as we worked our way through the second half of 2002 we had that build up for the Iraq war that was present in everyones mind. As we look at what happened in our portfolio back then I think the margin results in 2001 were actually pretty good given the level of decline that we experienced in 2001.  In 2002 we dropped around 5% in rev par and only 200 basis points in margin but as you got to 2003 I think they had pretty much exhausted their options and that is why you saw gross margin performance when actually a slightly better rev par decline. I think it is not perfect and there are a lot of factors that changed from market to market or year to year but I dont think it is at least a place to start in terms of evaluating what might happen next year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Securities.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Securities: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about we have heard some of the operators as they have gone back and tried to get group contracts finalized. Instead of additional rate cuts I think there has been a lot of talk of them throwing in some incremental items, ABC, parking, breakfast, things like that. How should we think about that impacting? Is that a meaningful impact on margins next year? I would have to think it is optimal to cutting rates, but how do we think about that? Is that even a blip on the radar or is it too insignificant? 
W. Edward Walter :  I wouldnt call it a blip on the radar because I think you are right in that has been happening to some degree with a variety of our different customers. Obviously it trends a little bit differently in different markets. I think it is hard to separate that effect out from the other issues. That may be one of the reasons you may see food and beverage revenues decline a bit more than what one might expect but I think you can kind of see that being captured in the overall margin results that are being delivered right now. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Whitman  Robert W. Baird.
Andrew Whitman  Robert W. Baird: I wanted to focus back in on the acquisition market and take a little bit different approach. I think we would agree as you look at the numbers of CMBS maturities, other bank debt and insurance debt maturities that the opportunities for distressed acquisitions is out there. I guess I wanted to get some color. Practically are you gaining any confidence with what lenders or special servicers are actually doing in the market place that suggests they are going to take action and not just delay and pray as the industry terminology goes today? 
W. Edward Walter :  That is a great question. I would say right now the answer to that is relatively muddled. You are right, a lot of special servicers or lenders right now in part because they dont have either confidence on the ability to exit if they take a property back or are concerned about the loss or the mark they might take if they act now, are in many cases sort of kicking the can down the road and wait and see what happens.  Now in order for that to happen though the general theme we hear is that generally requires that the borrower is prepared to continue to cover debt service. In a sense if they are in a scenario where there is no real pain associated with taking action on the property then they are prepared to wait a little while.  On the other hand obviously there have been a number of highly publicized instances of this. There are other scenarios where the owner is taking a look at funding a negative cash flow situation in order to cover debt services. In those sorts of situations if they are not prepared to fund I think we have begun to see lenders take stronger steps. It still takes awhile even in those situations for an asset to work its way through the process and I think that is why you havent seen too many properties come to market.  Our sense is as we get a little bit further into next year and into 2011 as the shortfall to refinancing becomes a little bit more apparent and at some point as it starts to become more expensive for a borrower to subsidize a property where they dont see a good outcome, you will probably start to see activity begin to accelerate. I think will every property that is struggling right now on the market? Certainly not. A lot of these deals are going to get worked out in some other fashion. There still is a lot of property that is over-leveraged that are ultimately going to work their way to the market. I think we will have an opportunity as a result of that to make some good acquisitions.  The other thing I would add by the way is that while it is sort of exciting to talk about distressed acquisitions and everything else the reality is there will be other properties that will come to market outside of just that environment. We may see more activity initially flow from that but as the environment becomes a little bit better you are still going to see some acquisitions and dispositions that are happening in some ways for the same reasons ours were. We were not a distressed seller. We did not need the capital but what we were making is a judgment that in the long run those assets did not belong in our portfolio and we saw a better use for that capital.  I think you will also see that happening with other people who are transitioning their business in some fashion and may see a better place to invest capital in which case they are a seller even if they are not under distress. So that is another area where acquisitions may come from. 
Andrew Whitman  Robert W. Baird: To keep going on that one a little bit, could you just talk a little bit about the nature of the buyers of those assets? Are we still seeing all equity buyers with plans to refinance later? Is that foreign money? Domestic money? High net worth? Just give us a little bit of a feel about some of the buyers on your assets. 
W. Edward Walter :  In our transactions it has generally been domestic buyers and my sense is that they had the cash available to complete the acquisition and then they were planning on levering up at some point after that. I think some of the other transactions I am aware of involved some foreign money and some of that comes from Asia. I dont know that you have seen a huge influx of foreign money that has actually closed on transactions. I think they are obviously in a little bit better of a position than some of the U.S. buyers from a capital perspective which is probably why they are looking here. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Smedes Rose  Keefe Bruyette & Woods. 
Smedes Rose  Keefe Bruyette & Woods:  You mentioned that in the quarter for the quarter group bookings in New York picked up. I wasnt sure if it was for the third quarter or fourth quarter and I just wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the makeup of those group bookings. Is it your traditional sort of customers that are just having shorter lead times or is it coming from new areas? What is behind that? 
W. Edward Walter :  I dont thinkI know I said in our comments we saw an increase in the quarter for the quarter bookings. We didnt necessarily attribute that to New York. My comment on New York was more about the fact that the occupancies in New York are fairly strong.  I would say in terms of where the customers have come from, the bulk of the business was probably more in the discount category than anywhere else. There certainly were some bookings that happened on the corporate side but by and large those bookings were dwarfed by the overall decline we experienced in corporate business. That has been the weakest segment in the corporate group side. Where we saw a relative uptick appears to be more in the discount area which probably isnt surprising given the environment. 
Smedes Rose  Keefe Bruyette & Woods: It looks like the guidance for the corporate expense line item went up by about $10 million for the year. Was there anything specifically behind that? 
Larry Harvey :  The bulk of it is basically our stock compensation getting back to more normalized levels. 
Smedes Rose  Keefe Bruyette & Woods: On the disposition front are there still more non-core assets that you would like to sell in the near-term or are you kind of done for now? 
W. Edward Walter :  There certainly are over the next 2-3 years a number of additional non-core assets that we would look to sell. Our sense is that we probably would not be that active over the next 12 months. We never rule out there might be something that happens on an opportunistic basis where there is a buyer that finds some additional sources of cash and we can facilitate a deal because of that. By and large at least as we think about 2010 right now I would expect that our disposition pace would probably be a bit lower than what we saw this year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs: Just to go back to the question I think two ago about essentially inadvertent owners I dont think I have heard you talk about since Chris and Terry were running the company. That was different. That was the RTC and others. I just want to understand the logistics of how quickly you can buy something. The other thing I always struggle with your company is you are inherently net buyers. If you look out over two years are you going to be bigger or the same size or smaller? Because I guess there is also an opportunity for you to start to sell some of the assets. 
W. Edward Walter :  Answering the second question first, I think you are right. Ultimately over time we have been a net buyer. I would say looking out over the next few years I would expect that will happen again. I think that we are in a good position from a capital perspective and from a management infrastructure position to be able to take on more assets and create value through those acquisitions. While I would project as we think about the next several years we would probably see an additional sales velocity to what we did over the last 7-9 years I still think over time we will have grown in terms of size and we will be a net buyer.  On the inadvertent owner side, I am thinking a little bit more how that process works. It is interesting that I would guess this time around it is going to be a lot more complex than what we faced in the 90s. That is because in a number of transactions there are so many different layers of debt that you have to work through with the different players of debt in order to actually get to an ultimate resolution.  An example of that might be the infamous St. Regis at Monarch Beach where I think at this point as I understand it there has been one level of a foreclosure where Citi Bank has stepped in and taken control of the asset and now they are trying to decide what they are going to do. Below them there is both a senior piece of debt and a junior piece of debt and Citi was the mezzanine piece of debt. So it is depending upon where value on that asset ultimately falls out. You could have to work your way through a couple of different foreclosures and proceedings before you actually get to an entity who could be a seller.  I do think at the end of the day whether it is through that course of steps, whether it is a special servicer ultimately selling an asset or it is a traditional commercial bank lender who ends up with the title to the property we are going to find different than what we found say after the 2001 to 2003 downturn, we are going to find more financial entities or institutions that are owning hotels that dont want to and they will end up having to be a seller of those. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen at this time that is all the time we do have for your questions today. I would now like to turn the conference over to W. Edward Walter for closing remarks. 
W. Edward Walter :  Thank you everybody for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you and look forward to talking with you following the close of 2009 with more detailed insight into 2010. Have a good remainder of the week and do us all a favor; travel a little bit this winter. We could use it. Thanks everybody. 
Operator:  That concludes todays conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson  Executive Vice President W. Edward Walter  President and Chief Executive Officer Larry K. Harvey  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co. Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank Securities Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co. Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities Joseph Greff  JP Morgan  Ryan Meliker  Morgan Stanley Bill Grant  Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts, Incorporated second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice-President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts second quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then we'll describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for the remainder of 2009. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our second quarter results including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And, now, here's Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning everyone. As will be evident in the numbers I'm about to discuss, it is clear that we continue to face a very challenging operating environment for the lodging industry. Despite the negative impact the economy has had on our business, we are pleased that we were able to accomplish several significant transactions this quarter that strengthen our position as we continue through this cycle. And we are seeing a few subtle signs that market conditions are stabilizing. But before I get to that, let me first talk about our results for the quarter. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the second quarter decreased 24.9%, as a result of a 14.6% decrease in average rates and a decline in occupancy of 9.1 percentage points. Now, our average rate was $175 and our average occupancy was 67%. Food and beverage revenues decreased 25.4% for the quarter and comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins decreased 560 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA was $256 million. Our FFO per diluted share was $0.12 for the quarter, which included a reduction of $0.15 per share due to non-cash impairment and other charges. Excluding these charges, our FFO per diluted share exceeded the consensus estimate by $0.03. On a year-to-date basis, comparable RevPAR decreased 22.7% and margins declined 500 basis points. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDA was $430 million. Year-to-date FFO per diluted share was $0.22, including a reduction of $0.24 a share primarily due to year-to-date non-cash impairment and interest charges. In general, if you look at how the quarter played out compared to what we expected, occupancy was slightly better than we had anticipated, the decline in average rates was worse than we hoped, which lead to a larger RevPAR decline than we had projected. For the quarter, overall flow-through was better than we would have projected, which resulted in EDITDA that was in line with our expectations. Focusing first on the drivers behind our RevPAR decline, the ongoing deep recession in the economy which caused group cancellations and corporate travel cutbacks continue to undermine hotel demand and leading to reduced occupancy levels. As operators sought to replace cancelled corporate business and faced significant rate discounting pressures, average rates fell across all segments of our business. The result was a significant decline in average rate and occupancy for the quarter. The impact of these declines fell quite unevenly across our customer segments. On the transient side, these challenges manifested in reduced rates. While corporate, special corporate and premium priced business continued to deteriorate as room nights fell by 20%, much of this decline was offset by an increase of almost 10% in our discount segment, leading to a transient occupancy decline of just 5%. However, the combination of rate cuts across all channels combined with the shift in business to lower price segments resulted in average rate decline of 20%, and an overall decline of 24% for transient revenue.  On the group sides, the mirror image of these results occurred. Second quarter was heavily impacted by the wave of cancellations that hit the industry beginning last fall. And by continued attrition as the events that were held despite relatively robust bookings in the quarter for the quarter, group nights fell 21% compared to the prior year. Because the bulk of the activity that did occur was booked prior to this year at better rates, our average group rates were only down 6.5% for the quarter, leading to group revenues that were off by 26% for the quarter.  Obviously these trends, especially as they relate to rate reductions are concerning. The weakness in rate is not likely to abate until demand recovers, which will likely require the economy to stop shrinking and start expanding. 0However, we have seen some progress in slowing the negative trends we experienced since the beginning of the year. While the group cancellation rate for the quarter was still above our normal average, it represented less than half the rate we experienced in Q4 of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009.  In addition, this cancellation rate improved meaningfully through the quarter, suggesting this issue may present less of a problem going forward. While our booking pace fell short of the prior year's level, booking pace in the second quarter was significantly better than our first quarter results, and the pace improved as we worked our way through the quarter. Finally, our rate of decline in occupancy moderated each period in the quarter. And for the first time this year, our decline in RevPAR for period seven was less than what we experienced in the prior periods. None of these facts suggest the decline is over, but they do suggest that the rate of decline is decelerating. Our most important activities during the quarter involved our $500 million common equity offering and our $400 million senior notes issuance. While Larry will go into more detail regarding our overall balance sheet in a few minutes, these two transactions, when combined with our other financing activities, provide sufficient capital to address our anticipated debt majorities through 2011 and add significant strength to our balance sheet. We are now in a great position to both overcome the challenges of our operating environment, as well as to prepare to take advantage of the opportunities we expect will develop. On the investment front, there are a few signs of an evolving market. There have been a few highly publicized asset givebacks that are being worked out. And the lending industry is beginning to come to grips with the challenges that we'll be facing.  As of yet, there is little on the market that we find tempting, but we continue to monitor activities and we expect to see deal flow improve later this year and in 2010, as the combination of looming debt majorities and depressed operating results create more motivated sellers or inadvertent owners. We intend to be opportunistic as market conditions further evolve and are optimistic about the future prospects in this arena. As we mentioned on previous calls, our level of capital spending has declined in 2009. This quarter, capital expenditures totaled $84 million, which was 48% lower than the second quarter of 2008. These expenditures include return on investment and repositioning projects totaling approximately $47 million. Year-to-date capital expenditures totaled $192 million, including $101 million of return on investment and repositioning projects. For the year, we expect our capital spending to be between $340 million and $360 million.  On the asset sale front, we are pleased to announce the sale of three non-core properties comprised of over 1,100 rooms including the Washington-Dulles Marriott Suites, the Sheraton Stamford, and the Boston Marriott Newton for total proceeds of $64 million.  All three hotels represent non-core properties with less obvious growth prospect to carry through the remainder of our portfolio and in some cases with significant capital needs. We are pleased to have completed these asset sales given their favorable effect on our liquidity position. Given the challenging pricing environment, with the exception of one additional $25 million to $30 million sale that we anticipate completing in the near term, we would suggest you not include any additional dispositions for the remainder of the year. For the year we have completed four assets sales totaling $177 million in proceeds. Now let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of 2009. In considering our full year forecast, we continue to caution you that our visibility is very limited, especially given the weakness in average rate and the extremely short booking cycle. Assuming that demand stabilizes the current levels for the remainder of the year but we continue to see pressure on average rates, we would anticipate the full year comparable hotel RevPAR decline would range between 20% and 23%. The reduction in our full year RevPAR forecast is tied to the weakness in rate we experienced in Q2 and our expectation that this trend will continue through the remainder of the year.  Since our margin comps become more difficult as we move into the second half of the year, at these RevPAR levels, we would expect our full year comparable adjusted margin decline to range between 600 and 650 basis points, leading to a projected EBITDA range of $750 million to $800 million. This will translate into FFO per share of $0.43 to $0.50 for the full year, which includes $0.25 per share primarily related to non-cash charges for impairments and non-cash interest expense. With respect to our dividends, we expect to declare in September a common dividend of approximately $0.23 to $0.25 a share, which will be paid late in the fourth quarter. In order to conserve cash, we intend to take advantage of the IRS ruling which allows us to pay up to 90% of the dividend in the form of newly issued stock. As a result, our common dividend will be comprised of a maximum cap distribution of $0.03 per share with the remainder paid in stock.  Given our perspective on the business, our operating strategy for the next several months remains consistent with our prior description. At the property level, we have stressed realistic revenue forecasting and aggressive expense reduction in an effort to maximize our EBITDA and property cash flow. At the corporate level, we have been intensely focused on strengthening our liquidity and proactively addressing any debt maturities. While the current environment is challenging, the longer term fundamentals of our business are improving. Supply growth is moderating, especially after 2010, and will likely remain at historically low levels for several years setting the stage for solid RevPAR growth once demand recovers. The current distressed operating environment should ultimately result in acquisition opportunities that meet our pricing and quality requirements which will accelerate our future FFO growth. We are working hard to prepare to execute efficiently and intelligently as the market for acquisitions improves. Thank you. And now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our urban hotels performed the best during the second quarter with a RevPAR decline of 23.7%. RevPAR for our airport hotels decreased 25.2%. And RevPAR for our suburban hotels fell 26.5%, while RevPAR at our resort conference hotels declined 27.2%. Turning to our regional results, as expected, the D.C. Metro region continued to outperform other markets with a RevPAR decline of 10.3%. Our downtown properties performed well due to strong government and government-related demand, as well as solid leisure business. We expect the D.C. Metro region to continue to outperform in the third quarter.  RevPAR fell 20% for our Central region. The New Orleans Marriott had a RevPAR decline of just 9% due to higher levels of business and leisure transient relative to other markets. RevPAR for the San Antonio market declined 21.4%, driven by a reduction in citywide room nights, group cancellations due to swine flu and lower transient room rates. We expect the New Orleans and San Antonio markets to perform better than the overall portfolio in the third quarter due to relatively strong booking pace and rate.  Overall RevPAR growth for our Pacific region fell 25% for the quarter, however results varied by market. RevPAR for the San Francisco market declined 23.7% as corporate transient business fell and lower rates affected both business and leisure transients. RevPAR for our Hawaiian properties decreased 28.3% because of lower airline capacity, which led to lower leisure transient and group demand. Our properties continue to utilize promotions at lower price points in order to increase transient demand.  RevPAR for our Seattle hotels was down 20.3% due to weaker transient business from layoffs at Microsoft, Boeing and others. For the third quarter, we expect the Hawaiian market to outperform this portfolio due to easier comparisons. We expect the San Francisco market will be negatively affected by very strong transient demand and citywides in the third quarter of 2008. Seattle will be affected by lower levels of group and transient business.  RevPAR for the mid-Atlantic region decreased 27.4%, as our New York properties experienced a RevPAR decline of 30.4% with significant declines primarily in rates. While group demand declined, transient demand was strong, but at a lower price point. While international demand did not reach the record levels of the second quarter of 2008, it was still very solid. We expect New York City to continue to struggle in the third quarter, with difficult comparisons to a very strong third quarter in 2008. The Philadelphia market did well, with a RevPAR decrease of 13.2% driven by lower group and transient rates and flat occupancy. We expect the Philadelphia market to continue to outperform in the third quarter due to relatively better group and transient demand. As we anticipated, the New England region had another rough quarter, as RevPAR declined 28.7%. The New England region and Boston in particular had a very strong first half of 2008, due to strong group bookings and citywides. Conversely, in the second quarter of this year, the Boston market had approximately 37% less group room nights versus 2008, and we had two hotels under renovation. We expect the New England region to perform better in the third quarter due to growth in citywide room nights compared to last year. As expected the Florida region underperformed in the second quarter, with a RevPAR decline of 28.8%. Our Tampa properties benefited from stronger transient business, while the rest of the region struggled with lower transient and group demand as well as rate deterioration. We continue to see resistance from groups to book at luxury hotels and resort destination, as RevPAR at all three of our Ritz-Carltons in the Florida region declined between 30% and 39%. We expect the Florida region to continue to struggle in the third quarter. International region which includes our four Canadian hotels, two hotels in Chili and one in Mexico City, performed relatively well despite the strength of the U.S. dollar. Using constant U.S. dollars, RevPAR declined 20.5%. The swine flu did significantly impact the results of the JW Marriott Mexico City. Year-to-date, the D.C. metro region has been our best region, with a RevPAR decline of 1.9% followed by the South central region with a RevPAR decrease of 18%. New England region, with a RevPAR decline of 29.4% and the international region with a RevPAR decline of 32.3% have been our worst performers. However, using constant U.S. dollars, RevPAR only declined 14.3% for the international region. For our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in constant euros decreased 24% for the quarter. Due to overall weak demand, the majority of the properties experienced considerable decreases in both occupancy and rates. On a relative basis, the Westin Palace Milan and the Westin Europa & Regina in Venice outperformed the rest of the portfolio, while a renovation continued to the underperformance of the Crowne Plaza Amsterdam. On a year-to-date basis RevPAR calculated in constant euros fell 30.1%. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comp hotels declined just 560 basis points, which is very strong performance given the nearly 25% RevPAR decline. We have been very successful in working with our operators to contain the margin deterioration. Our managers continue to actively cut discretionary spending and have been very proactive in implementing new cost saving measures. Profit flow-through in the rooms department was higher than anticipated, due to the implementation of cost containment measures that drove reductions in controllable expenses and a significant improvement in productivity. Food and beverage flow-through was quite good due to reductions in food and beverage costs, as a percentage of revenues, and improvements in productivity, despite the fact that the revenue decline was driven by the loss of higher margin banquet and audio-visual revenues. Overall, wages and benefits decreased 13.9% and unallocated costs declined by 14.4% for the quarter, as hotels reduced the management headcount and significantly lowered other controllable cost. Utility costs decreased 13.6% through a combination of lower usage, lower rates and the impact of energy saving capital improvements. For the quarter, real estate taxes increased by 5.8%, while property insurance costs decreased 7%. Year-to-date, our comparable adjusted operating profit margins declined 500 basis points. Looking out to the rest of the year, we think the margins will decline more than we experienced in the first half of the year, as the RevPAR decline will be more weighted to declines in average rate and changes in the business mix, as well as lower food and beverage margins due to further declines in high profit banquet and audio-visual business. In addition, we expect an increase in hourly wage rates and in property insurance costs, as insurance rates have started to increase. Comparisons will also become less favorable as we move into the second half of the year, as the implementation of contingency plans increased throughout the year of 2008 and in particular with high levels in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect comparable hotels adjusted profit margins to decrease in the range of 600 to 650 basis points for full year 2009. We have further strengthened our balance sheet and significantly enhanced our liquidity. After taking into consideration our $480 million equity offering, our $380 million bond offering and secured debt and asset sale proceeds, we raised nearly $1.1 billion in the first half of the year. We finished the quarter with over $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $600 million of capacity on our credit facility. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we repaid the $175 million mortgage loan on the San Diego Marina Marriott and received $64 million from the asset sales that Ed previous discussed. We currently have $1.2 billion in cash. We are continuing to work with the lender on a new $175 million mortgage loan on the San Diego Marriott; however, it is possible that we may not be able to negotiate acceptable terms and the loan will not close. With our substantial cash balance and access to capital, we are very comfortable with our liquidity position whether or not the loan closes. Our sole remaining debt maturity in 2009 is $135 million loan on the Westin Kierland, which we will repay with available cash. We continue to maintain higher than historical cash levels because of the uncertainty in the credit markets and we will continue to do so until the credit markets stabilize and the timing of economic recovery is more clear. During the second quarter, we recorded $91 million of impairment charges on assets. Approximately $57 million of the impairment charges were for two hotels, one of which went under contract to sell subsequent to the end of the quarter. The other hotel is located in a market that has significantly been impacted by the recession, severely affecting our outlook for both short-term and long-term demand. While we are still analyzing options available to us to maximize value, we currently think the best strategy will involve a sale of the hotel, in the short to medium term. As a result, since we do not expect the sales price to meet or exceed our current investment, we have recorded an impairment charge to write down the asset to its fair value. These impairments were recorded as additional depreciation expense on our statement of operations and a reduction in property and equipment on the balance sheet. In addition to the impairment charges on those two assets, we recorded a $34 million charge on our European joint venture investment. The fair value of joint ventures and partnerships has to be reviewed in relation to their book value. As a result, the reduction in cash flow for the European joint ventures assets and the resulting decline in fair value to below our book value requires us to record an impairment charge on our investment. This impairment has been recorded as a loss of equity in affiliates on a statement of operations and a reduction in investment in affiliates on the balance sheet. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from David Katz  Oppenheimer.
David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co.: So I wanted to just go back to the  I guess one of the issues we're trying to figure out is on the cost cutting side. We've gone through the first portion of this year and sort of executed on some strategies to cut costs, and to the degree that we can look at next year and ask ourselves the question do we get to next year with a sort of more meaningful run rate or a more sort of a set cost base going into next year, irrespective of whatever happens to RevPAR? Or are you still, do you think, in the middle innings of cost cutting and there's more to do that you'll execute on for the back half of this year also. And I know you've touched on some of these issues but I think you may see where I'm headed with this.
W. Edward Walter:  I think reality is is that the cost cutting efforts went into high speed about this time last year as RevPAR went negative. We started in 2008 and I think most folks in the industry even in their fourth quarter 2007 conference call, talked about the fact that they were implementing cost cutting initiatives across their portfolios. But the reality is is in the first half of last year, the occupancy decline was relatively modest, RevPAR was still positive, and you didn't have the reductions in business levels that permitted you to really implement widespread cost saving initiatives. Obviously as we worked our way through the third quarter and certainly into the fourth quarter of last year, we started to see the occupancy declines and consequently the cost cutting initiatives became more severe. That effort continued through the first half of this year as is contemplated by our margin guidance.  While we still expect to be able to continue to cut costs and I would overall say that the flow-through that we're anticipating for the second half of the year is still pretty good given the RevPAR decline, the reality is that the comparisons get more difficult and certainly as you get into the fourth quarter, you're not going to be able to duplicate the performance that we had last year. As you carry that into 2010, I think I would agree with sort of what you were suggesting, which is while we still be able to cut costs to some degree based upon if demand is lower. And you will certainly see some cost decline if revenues are lower because you would be looking at  a lot of costs are directly tied to revenues. Other than for those two reasons, I doubt that there will be lot more that we can do in 2010 portfolio-wide. Obviously the story will depend upon what happens at each individual hotel and so there will be certain examples where additional efforts may be productive. And we're certainly going to work hard to try to find them. But overall as you think about 2010, I think you're going to find that to the extent that you're anticipating a weak beginning to the year, you're probably are going to find that it's going to be difficult to achieve the same sort of margin results we have this year. 
David Katz  Oppenheimer & Co.:  And if I can just ask one more and I got on a few minutes late and I'll apologize if you addressed it, but I was surprised by the urban performance in the portfolio. Thinking about sort of a West Coast presence, thinking about New York and some of the other urban markets we've seen, I think inherently we were expecting urban to be among the weaker RevPAR markets in the quarter and it wasn't. It was higher end of the range, not by a lot but just worth discussing. Do you have some strategies in place there that are worth discussing?
W. Edward Walter:  I think what I would say is you're clearly right that markets like New York, Boston and Chicago all suffered. And we certainly have a fairly high concentration of hotels in each of those markets. I think what benefited our portfolio on the urban side was significant concentrations in markets like Washington, D.C., which performed quite well. We also found with New Orleans and Philadelphia did much better than the average market. And so what I think you saw overall across our portfolio was that the urban numbers probably had a fairly broad range of performance, but when you total it all together, it did better than suburban resort and airport. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank:  Good morning, guys. Wondering if you can maybe tell us what you're hearing from your operators about group activity for next year? And how price sensitive is it and what's the strategy in terms of maybe locking in multi years at today's lower rates versus locking in on a short term basis and floating the future years?
W. Edward Walter:  I think it's hard to find a clear theme for 2010 right now. If you look at the booking pace for 2010 compared to this time last years, it's down significantly. Having said that, those numbers don't truly reflect the cancellations that occurred at the end of fourth quarter this year  the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year, and I think if you adjust for that then bookings are still down somewhat but it's nowhere near the disparity that you would look to if you just looked at the year-over-year activity.  I think the theme that we've been seeing so far is that certainly groups are very focused on the rate at which they can book. Certain groups that feel like they are in a position to commit to multiple years are seeing if it's possible to negotiate a multi-year deal and get better pricing because of that.  I think we are finding that a lot of groups are trying to price based on a total meeting price, where they're not just looking at what the room rate is but they're also looking at what the cost of their food and beverage and other associated services are going to be in order to try to put a little bit more pressure on those profit centers too. I think the other  we are seeing, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that as we look out to 2010, we've been seeing some overall increase in booking activity relative to the beginning of the year. But I would say it still feels like we're running a bit behind last year's pace at this point in time. 
Chris Woronka  Deutsche Bank:  And shifting gears a little bit to the asset front, I heard your prepared remarks on kind of your expectations but a 30,000 foot view, what's kind of going on out there in terms of buyers, sellers? Do you think there are more buyers in the market for hotel assets now versus maybe three months ago? And what are they doing differently now? Are we getting to levels where people can actually get leverage to make a deal pencil and is it really price that's the issue or something else? 
W. Edward Walter:  I think the acquisition market is very difficult to characterize right now because you're  first of all, I don't think that there's any more buyers out there than there were at the beginning of the year. And I think that while we are meeting with some success in identifying potential mortgage loans for individual assets, the reality is that that market is still relatively slow. And so the conversations we've had with buyers on some of the assets that we have been marketing, we're generally finding that their approach is to buy all cash. They may be using a credit line to facilitate their acquisition, but their basic plan is to be somewhat all cash for the first couple of years of the investment. And then expect that the market will improve later in 2010, early 2011, which will allow them to refinance.  So to the extent that a buyer needs financing today in order to consummate an acquisition, I think they're finding  that group is finding it difficult to plan and to move forward and to execute.  Now on the cap rate side, there's not a consistent theme across the industry in terms of where pricing is. The couple of acquisitions that have been out there and either marketed or closed as a higher price point are starting to show evidence that cap rates are falling.  I think a lot of that's not surprising given the level of decline that we have seen in EBITDA and NOIs over the course of this year. And so you would sort of naturally expect that as people begin to look at pricing that is attractive on a per pound basis and represent the significant discounts or replacement costs, that they are getting more comfortable with lower cap rate. Having said that, I don't know that I would characterize that it's a broad theme, I think that the examples that are out there are somewhat anecdotal. So I suspect that what we're going to find for the rest of this year based on the conversations we've had internally is that you will continue to see more assets migrate back to lenders or potentially be headed towards lenders. You will begin to see lenders take a slightly stronger stance as they perhaps see a little bit improvement in acquisition activity, which will  that could create some additional deal flow. But I would be surprised if we saw any significant surge in activity until next year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steve Kent  Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent  Goldman Sachs:  Hi, good morning, just two questions. One, maybe to the earlier question David asked, can you just be a little bit more specific on your cost cuts both at the property level and at the headquarters level? For example, have you shut down floors in any of you hotels? Have you shut down virtually all of your restaurants or snack bars or any of those kinds of things that maybe would give us a little bit more flavor as to how deep those cost cuts are and how much more opportunity there truly is? And then the second thing is, and maybe I misheard it in the beginning of your first comments, it sounded like you were teeing yourselves up to start to acquire hotels in 2010 and 2011, and I guess I was a little surprised by that given the problems that this industry has faced over the past two years, both balance sheet and operating, that you would be doing that rather than moving the opposite direction which is to maybe sell assets into maybe the next wave of people willing to buy.
W. Edward Walter: Let's start with the cost cutting side of that and then come to the acquisition side. Certainly there are some hotels where we have closed an entire tower for a period of time where we might have a multi-tower structure and we had found that the overall level of demand is low enough that, unfortunately, the logical thing to do is to try to shrink the hotel by closing a tower. I wouldn't say that there are many examples of that, but there certainly are a couple through the portfolio where that's proven to be a good strategy. Cutting floors is something that we would do pretty consistently whenever we start to see occupancy levels be lower in a particular hotel, especially for any sustained period of time, because it just makes it that much more efficient for us to operate the hotel.  Food and beverage outlets across the board are reducing hours and whenever occupancy merits it we will try to not have the restaurant open for dinner and try to serve dinner out of the lounge or out of the bar. And I think there's probably a couple of cases where we've probably tried to just do it on room service basis too, probably on a Sunday evening or something like that. The strategy is if there's an opportunity to profitably be open then a food and beverage outlet will be open, but as to the extent that you don't see the demand within the hotel or don't see the occupancy within the hotel, you will try to avoid opening that restaurant.  A big area where I think we've had some significant savings is in the manager level. If you look across our portfolio, I think we would estimate that we have 20% to 25% fewer managers at a property than we had two years ago. Another area where you've seen some savings has been in the salary area where we've postponed salary increases over the course of this year. And you've also seen some restructuring on bonus plans this year so that again, I, each  none of these steps necessarily in and of itself is hugely significant, but when you average it out across the portfolio and when you implement all of them at a particular hotel, you can have a meaningful impact. Switching over to the acquisition side, I think what we've learned over time is that the best time to be a buyer in our business is earlier in the cycle. Now, I think you're, so you  those are the opportunities to buy significant discounts to replacement costs and those are the opportunities to buy at cash flows that have the opportunity for significant increase, which ultimately, as we both know, is how we create value. So as we start to look at the world that we're facing right now, while we're certainly not through this downturn and that the recognition of that fact is important to any underwriting that we would do as it relates to acquisition, the time to be a buyer is going to be when operations are weak and when supply is declining.  And when you can start to feel, as long as you start to see that the wind and the tides are changing a bit, that you're going to start to move into a better economic environment where EBITDA and RevPAR are going to begin to improve, I think that's generally when we would like to be a buyer.  I don't think  you shouldn't expect that we're going to be super aggressive. We have a huge bet in this space already. We've already got a great selection of hotels, but I think it would be valuable as we, to overall shareholder value and to the value of the company, to be looking to add selectively as we work our way into next year and certainly into 2011 to add new assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Just to follow up on that, when you are at a point where you look at going on offense, two questions, do you feel like you have the dry powder to do that with your balance sheet the way it is or would you look to raise more equity to do that? And would you consider buying paper as a way to get into those kinds of assets?
W. Edward Walter: David, I would say that we have a little bit of capacity on our, the way we're structured right now from a balance sheet perspective but that by and large as we've thought about when we would, how we would implement an acquisition program, I think that we would look to follow a model that's not far from what we did in 2003, '04 and '05 where we looked to fund the bulk of the acquisition activity through additional equity issuance. I wouldn't say exclusively but I think we found that that program worked well last time to both generate a creative  to both allow us to by creatively and at the same time improve the balance sheet. And I think being prudent with respect to the balance sheet in this environment would suggest it would be smart to fund the bulk of the program through equity issuance.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co.: And on the assets that you impaired, is there secured debt on any of those and particularly the one where you're looking at your strategic options? Are you, among those options are you considering giving that back to the lender?
W. Edward Walter: There's no debt on either of those assets.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. So those are assets. You're looking at your options but you don't have an option because there is no lender?
W. Edward Walter: Well, we have options but you're right. The one option is not to give the asset back to the lender.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Right. I understand that you have other options. Okay. And, Larry, the mortgage on D.C. too, from what we can understand, was the largest hotel mortgage done this year. You sound moderately optimistic that you'll do what I'm assuming would be an even larger one on San Diego? Is that fair and can you comment on size limits in the mortgage market?
Larry K. Harvey: Well, there's definitely, when you get over $100 million there's definitely a big difference. Typically, although we are seeing certain lenders, especially on the insurance side, starting to at least put feelers out and we have a couple of term sheets. But bottom line is over $100 million there's definitely a big difference. And to get over that number you would typically need two lenders or more.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Got it. Okay.
Larry K. Harvey: In the case with San Diego, that loan is somewhat complex in the loan structure. I mean, both us and MI are putting money into that into a renovation there to cover capital expenditures over the FF&E reserve and the lender wants a say in those renovations. And we're working through some of those elements. If we can reach acceptable terms we'll close the loan, but we're not going to do a bad deal so we've raised additional proceeds by upsizing our bond offering. We have a lot of assets with unsecured debt as you know, and our bonds trade in the high eights to low nines so we're very comfortable with our current liquidity situation with or without that San Diego loan.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co.: That makes sense, and I'm not sure you answered the second half of my first question, would you consider buying paper, buying mortgages as a way to get additional assets?
Larry K. Harvey: David, I think we would. We have, we frankly have been open to that for the last 12 months and a lot of, unfortunately, from that prospective, a lot of the paper that is potentially challenged is in CMBS loans and it's in broader pools and so it's more difficult to get to the paper and get to the assets than we would like.  But to the extent that opportunities develop, say, with individual banks that hold first or second positions on hotels that fit certain quality spectrums that we've been interested in acquiring, then I think we would be very interested in buying the paper and in a sense approaching the acquisition or the asset through that course.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities: Ed, I guess for a moment if we could just sort of ignore the realities of the current market and as you look forward to, say, 2011 and beyond, how you think you'd like to be positioned for that environment, are there any, I guess, geographic or brand or segment changes that you could see yourself moving around a little bit, either folks you want to gain exposure to or markets you'd like to shed exposure to?
W. Edward Walter: Probably are some changes. I think from a brand side we like the brands that we're working with today and I think that we would certainly feel comfortable in expanding our ownership with any of the brands that we're doing business with today. From a market perspective one of the things that we're trying to do is to really to go back through again and evaluate which of the markets out there do we think has the most potential over the next 10 years. And which of the markets that we think probably don't have that type of a potential.  And I think you'll probably to see if I were to go beyond just 2011, and think about 2012 and '13 and '14 to go a little more of a strategic context instead of tactical. You would probably find that over that period of time we are in fewer markets than we are in today. But we are probably in the markets that we like in a bigger way.  We don't have a firm list yet of exactly how that plays out. I think that certainly there's some markets like Washington and San Francisco and San Diego that would continue to be high on our list and would be markets we'd be interested in looking in today.  I think there are some markets in the Southwest that in Texas that we long term continue to be worried about the supply and not certain that the demand growth is going to be there. And those might be markets that we would tend to own less in overt time.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities:  Is it plausible that in that example you look for in say four to five years that overall Host on net a smaller, call it a smaller company but as you said sort of more dominant in certain markets and maybe your brand profile widens you hypothetically you provide liquidity to folks like Hilton or other private entities?
W. Edward Walter: I certainly could see that our brand profile could widen and because Hilton is certainly someone that we would expect that at some point in time here will be disposing of assets. But we'd certainly like to think we'd be considered as an option when they go to do that. Now we also don't have a lot with Intercon, other than one property in Europe, and I think that's another brand that you could theoretically get exposure to, too.  It's not inconceivable that we would be smaller in the future. It might be more in the number of hotels. I tend to think at the end of the day because we are optimistic about the opportunity that's facing us, that we would probably end up being more of a net acquired over the next several years as opposed to a net seller. But in the context of doing that we probably would be doing larger hotels and selling smaller ones. So the number of hotels we control in four or five years might be smaller, but I suspect the overall value of the company would still be larger.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities:  Then just switching gears back to the current environment, in your remarks you indicated the rate of decline you're seeing. I guess from a demand perspective, I guess would be decelerating, but because your reducing your 2009 RevPAR outlook pretty meaningfully when you consider we're about half way through the year and the results thus far have been roughly in line with your expectations.  The implication is that despite, I guess what people believe to be easier these revenue comps ahead for your full year guidance doesn't really reflect I guess I would say that less bad outlook for the top line. Is that  I guess am I reading that right?
W. Edward Walter: At the low end of what we suggested for guidance you probably have it correctly. If you look at and to maybe elaborate on our prepared remarks, the bottom line was that rate was weaker in the second quarter is much less than we expected and occupancy was a little bit better as we see that play out in the third and fourth quarter. While we hope that the sort of positive development in our last month or last period of operations, which did come in better than the prior month and came in better than where the second quarter was, we hope that trend continues.  Our general sense of what's likely to happen in the third quarter, pre-seeing those numbers yesterday was that the second to the third quarter would generally match up with the second quarter. I think that there is some chance now that that turns out to be a little bit better. We would still expect the fourth quarter to be better. I think that is probably solely because the easier comp that the fourth quarter presents when you compare back to 2008.  We've said for awhile that we generally thought if you looked over a two-year timeframe that the fourth quarter has the potential to be the weakest quarter of the year. Thinking back to kind of comparing to '07, and I still think that that's probably about right. But I think if you look at the RevPAR range that we've suggested for the full year it tends suggests that the second half of the year somewhere between 17$ and 20% decline in RevPAR.  Obviously at the better end of that that would be a meaningful improvement over where we finished in the first half of the year. At the lower end of that it's flat and a couple tenths worse.
Jeffrey Donnelly  Wells Fargo Securities:  I guess just one last question. I apologize if I missed this in your remarks, but the per key pricing on the assets that you sold was fairly low and that might just be the realities of the sort of larger full service hotels in the more suburban locations. Can you maybe walk us through what the '09 budgeted EBDITA was there and maybe what your three or five-year capital plan looks like for those assets, so we can kind of see  or better understand the pricing?
W. Edward Walter: Maybe another way to put that is that the pricing for the assets kind of fell. It was not necessarily super tight but if you take the three assets and combine them what you would find is that the cap rate was in the mid 7's. If you look at the CapEx plan I'd probably say I think the average  there's probably another 15,000 to 20,000 per key worth of CapEx that was required for those hotels over the next two or three years. And so as we think if you add that into the equation you're looking at a cap rate that starts to approach the low sixes.  Maybe that gives you a few metrics to try to evaluate that. In terms of those, the significance of those assets to our portfolio, these are assets that we had previously identified that we didn't see growth prospects that matched up with what we expected for our overall portfolio.  You know two cases you're talking about a suburban asset that's getting a little bit older and we just didn't see that it was going to perform that well going forward especially with the CapEx requirements. And in one other case the hotel was in a smaller town in Stamford but again, as we looked at the outlook for that particular asset we were not that optimistic. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Greff  JP Morgan.
Joseph Greff  JP Morgan:  Most of my questions have been asked and answered. But I do have one operating expense, cost control related question and it's if we assume next year that occupancy can be flat how much control do you have over property level expenses? Can you hold that flat?
W. Edward Walter: I think I would say not. I think the problem you're going to run into, I mean it probably stems a little bit on inflation, and I think that some of the estimates on inflation at this point in time are fairly diverse. But if occupancy stays flat, unless we were to see a remarkable savings in utility expense or some line item like that, the reality is that with the changes that we've made already I think it's hard to think there's a lot more cost that could come out of that system.  You're going to face in some markets, whether it's because of union contracts in our hotels or union contracts in other hotels, you're going to at least modest pay increases at the hourly level. I think that whether there will be any at the manager and the senior manager level it's still up for debate at this point in time. But I don't think you're going to be able to get any more cuts in that area. So by and large I would say that it would be in that scenario it would be hard to think that expenses would be flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Meliker  Morgan Stanley.
Ryan Meliker  Morgan Stanley:  I was wondering if you could provide any type of update or more detail in terms of where group pace is relative to last year? I think last quarter you had said it was down 19%. I wanted to see how much that had changed understanding that the cancellations can have a material impact on what the actual results will be.  The other question I had was I was just hoping that you could speak a little bit about your dividend. Obviously you reduced the guidance from the dividend from the last time you gave it from about $0.30 down to $0.20 or $0.23 and a large portion in stock. I was hoping you could talk about why you made the reduction in terms of your guidance and also your thoughts on the stock portion, especially given that your balance sheet and liquidities seem relatively strong and you're potentially in the market for acquisitions?
W. Edward Walter: As it relates to the group pay side what I would say to you is that the quarter that we're facing right now we're probably looking at being down about 20%. So the third quarter would be down about 20. The booking pace for the fourth quarter is about the same, but the booking pace right now has not really started to capture the effect of the cancellations that we experienced as we worked our way through the summer of 2008 and certainly into the fourth quarter 2009.  So our overall group room nights in Q4 of 2009 were down about 6%. So you could probably make that as an adjustment to the down 20, 21 that we're facing right now in terms of group booking pace in the fourth quarter and get to an adjusted call it 15% plus or minus that we're behind in group bookings for the fourth quarter.  As it relates to the dividend, we spent a fair amount of time thinking about that. First of all, the reason why it's down a bit from what we had previously indicated is probably two reasons. The bulk of it is the equity issuance that we did earlier this year which resulted in  since we were dividending out a certain amount of taxable income. If you dividend that, if you allocate that over more shares you're going to see the amount per share decline. I think there might have been a modest reduction in our overall level of taxable income which would have been the other reason that we would have seen the dividend shrink a little bit.  As it relates to the issue of cash versus the planned cash and stock dividend, while we certainly understand the importance of a cash dividend I think it  while we are still in what's still a fairly challenging operating environment and a challenging liquidity environment despite the fact that we feel really comfortable with the liquidity position we're in, the bottom line is by handling the dividend this way we can save another $100 million plus in cash and I think at this time that that's the most prudent step for us to take. So that's why we decided to handle it that way.
Operator: Our last question comes from Bill Grant  Morgan Stanley.
Bill Grant  Morgan Stanley:  Just a quick question on something I heard in prepared remarks. You'd mentioned there was an asset that you recorded an impairment charge on. It was located in a market that was significantly impacted by the recession, severely affecting your outlook for short-term and long-term demand. And so the sale of the asset made the most sense and that all makes sense.  I was wondering my question specifically is what is it about this asset and this market that is different than your core portfolio where you're anticipating a better outlook for the recovery of lodging demand once the economy recovers?
Larry K. Harvey: We don't want to get too specific with the asset because again, looking at our options but the bottom line is it has been significantly affected by the current recession as well as it's a market that has been challenged over the last few years because of changes in the industries that are there and the sizes of those companies.
W. Edward Walter:  Part of what's happening in this particular case which is why this particular asset gets called out and would be distinct from what we've been running into in a number of other hotels is at this point we are losing money at this particular hotel. And so as a result of that it sort of forces perhaps a more cautious expectation with respect to what is going to happen with the hotel.  As we think about this particular market which is in one of the more hard hit markets across the U.S. and think about what we're going to do with the asset, we just don't see an expectation that we would hold the asset for a longer period of time which would then allow the value to recover to the original investment.  I think it's an unusual set of circumstances that leads to this conclusion. It's not something that we would expect to see in more than a couple of other assets in our portfolio even thinking out over through the next several years. But in this particular case when you just went through all these steps that you're supposed to go through as part of your regular impairment analysis, the fact that we really just did see this as a long term hold under any circumstance drove us to the correct accounting conclusion that we needed to take an impairment.
Operator: And that does conclude our question and answer session for today. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Walter for closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Great, well, thank you, for joining us for this call today. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insights with what will be left for 2009 in our third quarter call in October. Have a great remainder of your week.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 18:30:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson  Executive Vice President W. Edward Walter  President and Chief Executive Officer Larry K. Harvey  Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Host Hotels and Resorts, Incorporated first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead sir.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels and Resorts first quarter earnings call. Before we begin Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed, and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally on todays call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release, in our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This afternoon Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for 2009. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our first quarter results including regional and market performance. Due to the equity issuance announced this afternoon, we will be unable to take questions on this call. And now heres Ed.
W. Edward Walter: Thanks Greg. Good evening everyone. We apologize for the short notice and late hour of this earnings call, but lets start with our results for the quarter. Unfortunately as expected the first quarter proved to be a [inaudible] earning environment for the lodging industry. First quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels decreased by 19.8% driven by a decrease in average room rate of 8.6% and a decline in occupancy of 8.5 percentage points. For the quarter our average rate was $181 and our average occupancy was 60.8%. Food and beverage revenues at our comparable hotels decreased more than 20% for the quarter. Overall comparable revenues decreased approximately 19.7% for the quarter. Aggressive cost cutting in light of the weak operating environment limited the decline in comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to 400 basis points and resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $174 million in the first quarter. Our FFO per diluted share for the quarter was $0.10. That included a reduction of $0.08 due to non-cash impairment charges associated with potential asset sales. Excluding these charges our FFO per diluted share would have exceeded the consensus estimates by $0.07. In looking at our mix of business for the quarter as expected the negative trends experienced at the end of 2008 accelerated into 2009 as both group and transient business were weak. On the transient side, our corporate and premium priced business continued to deteriorate as room nights fell by 26% and rates declined by 13. At this point our higher priced segments have fallen to roughly 12% of our overall business which is comparable to the levels we experienced in 2003. Overall, our transient business was down by 10% and rate was off by 14% as hotels were forced by market conditions to reduce rates to compete for business and our mix of business tilted towards lower priced segment. On the group side, room nights were down by 18.3% driven primarily by corporate cancellations and attrition at association events. Although we saw some weakness in corporate rates, overall group rates were down just by 1.8% as the majority of the business we did experience represented events booked prior to the downturn. Looking at the remainder of 2009 it is clear that our group booking pace has deteriorated further. At this point our properties bookings are behind last years pace by approximately 19% due to increased attrition and cancellations. The year-over-year comparisons are worse in the second quarter and then improve in the second half of the year. We are also seeing additional weakness in average rates as more highly rated bookings are replaced by business booked at lower rates, reflecting the realities of our competitive environment. It is worth noting that while there remains a risk that these trends continue to weaken, our operators are suggesting that the relative pace of short term bookings has improved over the last few weeks. And on the transient front while reservation activity continues to fall short of last years levels the shortfall appears to have stabilized over the last few weeks suggesting that the occupancy declines may begin to moderate. As we said last quarter our level of capital spending will decline this year. In the first quarter capital expenditures totaled $108 million, a decline of approximately 28% from the prior year. These expenditures include return on investment and repositioning projects totaling approximately $59 million. The majority of our spending this year which should total between $340 and $360 million is dedicated to projects that were already in process such as the meeting space additions at hotels including the Swissotel in Chicago and our Washington Marriott at Metro Center, which will be completed during the first half of the year. Given the $1.8 billion investment we made in our portfolio over the last three years, we are very comfortable with the fiscal condition of our properties and are confident in our competitive position versus the market. On the investment front, while we are monitoring both domestic and international markets fairly carefully, we are seeing few transactions today that might satisfy our return and quality requirements. As the year unfolds we would expect to see deal flow improve as the combination of looming debt maturities and depressed operating results create more motivated sellers. We intend to be opportunistic as market conditions evolve and frankly are optimistic about the future prospects in this arena. On the asset sale front, we are actively working several transactions that involve the sale of assets that are not part of our long term core portfolio but are attractive to the few buyers that are active in the market today. Given where pricing expectations are and the decline weve experienced in operating income levels, some of these sales may be consummated at less than the book value of these assets which is the reason why we booked an impairment expense in the first quarter. While the transaction market continues to be volatile and it is very difficult to predict the timing and volume of sales, our current forecast assumes that we will complete $100 million in dispositions over the remainder of the year. Now let me address our outlook for 2009. In considering our full year forecast I should again caution you that visibility is very limited as the varied timing of the Easter and Passover holidays always presents challenges in interpreting the data in March and April. While the first quarter generally played out slightly weaker than our expectations on the revenue front and slightly better than we projected with respect to expenses, the acceleration in group cancellations we experienced in February combined with the rate weakness we are seeing in our transient business and the change in timing for the Easter holiday, suggests that RevPAR will likely decrease further during the second quarter and then begin to improve on a relative basis in the second half of the year as the comparisons become easier. With the assumption that demand stabilizes at current levels for the remainder of the year, but we do see improvement in the second half as the comparables ease, we would anticipate that the full year RevPAR decline would range between 18 and 20%. This assumes that the economy generally follows current expectations and remains weak for the remainder of the year, and that modest improvements in the financial markets continue. Additional disruption in the financial markets or the economy would threaten this estimate. To the extent that the economy rebounded aggressively in the third or fourth quarter, there is some chance that RevPAR growth could surpass this estimate but typically our industry lags a recovery. While margins will weaken as we work our way through the year at these RevPAR levels we would expect our margin decline would range between 540 and 600 basis points, which leads to a projected EBITDA range of $800 to $850 million. This will translate into FFO per share of $0.68 to $0.76 for the full year. Given our perspective on the business, it is not surprising that our operating strategy for the next several months remains consistent with our prior description. At the property level we have stretched realistic revenue forecasting and aggressive expense reductions in an effort to maximize our EBITDA and property cash flow. At the corporate level we have been intensely focused on maintaining our liquidity and proactively addressing any debt maturities. While we are comfortable with the progress weve been achieving on our refinancing activities, the recent strength of the equity market has provided an opportunity to strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our ability to both retire debt as well as build capacity for what we expect will be a target rich acquisition market. While the current environment is challenging, the longer term fundamentals of our business are improving. Supply growth is moderating, especially after 2010 and will likely remain at historically low levels for several years, setting the stage for solid RevPAR growth once demand recovers. In this environment the value of our portfolio will appreciate meaningfully. Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our suburban hotels performed the best during the first quarter with a RevPAR decline of 18.3%. RevPAR for our airport hotels decreased 18.9% and RevPAR for our urban hotels fell 19% while RevPAR at resort conference hotels decreased 23.9%. Turning to our regional results as expected the D.C. metro region had a very strong quarter with RevPAR growth of 11.7% led by our downtown properties as both group and transient business performed well due to the inauguration and other government related activities. We expect the D.C. metro region to continue to outperform in the second quarter. The south central region also outperformed on a relative basis as RevPAR fell 16.1%. The outperformance was driven by our Houston properties, primarily due to strong transient group business and partial renovations at two properties in the first quarter of 2008. We expect the Houston and New Orleans markets to perform better than the overall portfolio in the second quarter due to relatively strong booking pace and rate trends. The north central region also performed better with RevPAR declining 16.7% led by our downtown Chicago hotels which benefited from favorable year-over-year comparisons with two downtown assets under renovation in the first quarter of 2008. We expect the north central region and Chicago in particular to have a weaker second quarter as a result of weaker citywide activity and lower transient and group pace. RevPAR for our Florida region fell 22.2%. Our Tampa properties outperformed due to strong transient business and a lift from the Super Bowl. The rest of the region struggled with lower transient and group demand. We expect the Florida region to under perform in the second quarter. Overall RevPAR growth for our Pacific region fell 22.5% for the quarter. However, results varied by market. RevPAR for the San Francisco market declined 17.5% as citywide room nights were down 31% year-over-year due to cancellation and booking cycles of groups. Transient business declined due to overall weakness in international, corporate and leisure demand. The Fishermans Wharf Marriott was also under a rooms renovation in the first quarter of this year. RevPAR for our Hawaiian properties decreased 22.3% because of lower airline capacity which led to lower leisure transient and group demand. Our properties increased promotions and significantly reduced rates in order to gain occupancy. RevPAR for our Seattle hotels was down 32.4% due to tough comparables as the first quarter of 2008 was an unusually strong citywide quarter. Transient business was affected by layoffs at Microsoft, Boeing, Starbucks and Nordstrom. For the second quarter we expect the San Francisco market to perform in line with the rest of the portfolio and the Hawaiian market to have a challenging quarter and an improvement in the second half of the year due to easier comparisons. However, we do continue to see resistance from groups to book at luxury hotels and resort destinations. We expect the Seattle market to perform much better in the second quarter. RevPAR for the Mid-Atlantic region decreased 26.7% as our New York properties experienced a RevPAR decline of 29.4% with significant declines in both rate and occupancy. Both group and leisure demand particularly international leisure demand declined. We expect New York City to continue to struggle in the second quarter with new supply entering the market and overall declines in both rate and demand. The Philadelphia market slightly outperformed the overall portfolio for the quarter with a RevPAR decrease of 18.6%. We expect the Philadelphia market to continue to outperform the second quarter as there are five additional citywides compared to 2008. As we anticipated, the New England region had a rough first quarter as RevPAR declined 30.8%. The New England region and Boston in particular had a very strong first half of 2008 due to strong group bookings and citywides. In the first quarter of this year the market had approximately 32% less citywide room nights versus 2008 and we had two hotels under renovation. This weakness will continue into the second quarter for the region and Boston. For our European joint venture RevPAR calculated in constant euros decreased 29% for the quarter. Due to overall weak demand the majority of the properties experienced considerable decreases in both occupancy and rate. On a relative basis the three properties in Brussels outperformed the rest of the portfolio while renovation contributed to the under performance of the Crown Plaza Amsterdam. For the quarter adjusted operating profit margins for our comp hotels declined just 400 basis points which is very strong performance with a 19.8% RevPAR decline. It is worth noting that two special items that we discussed on the year end earnings call reduced our margins for the first quarter by 60 basis points. These items were the business interruption proceeds received in the first quarter of 2008 for our New Orleans Marriott which did not recur in the first quarter of 2009, and the second item is the treatment of the ground lease payments on the New York Marriott Marquis. Our managers continue to actively cut discretionary spending and have been very proactive in continuing to implement cost saving measures. Profit flow through in the rooms department was higher than anticipated due to the implementation of cost containment measures that drove reductions in controllable expenses and a significant improvement in productivity. Food and beverage flow through was affected by the loss of higher margin meeting room rental and audio visual revenues, as well as significant decline in other revenues. A decrease in food and beverage costs as a percentage of revenues and reductions in controllable costs helped offset the impact of some of the revenue declines. Overall wages and benefits decreased by approximately 12.8% and unallocated costs decreased by 9.1% for the quarter as hotels reduced the management headcount and significantly lowered other controllable costs. Utility costs decreased 4.3% for the quarter. While real estate taxes increased by 9%, property insurance costs decreased nearly 30%. However, for the remainder of the year we expect to see an increase in our property insurance costs as rates have started to increase. Incentive management fees fell 70%. Looking out to the rest of the year, we think that margins will decline more than we experienced in the first quarter due to further rate deterioration and changes in the business mix, as well as lower food and beverage margins due to further declines in high profit banquet and audio visual business. In addition, we expect an increase in hourly wage rates. Comparisons will also become less favorable as we move throughout the year as the implementation of contingency plans increased throughout the year in 2008 and in particular were at high levels in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect comparable hotel adjusted profit margins to decrease 540 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and decrease 600 basis points at the high end of the range. We finished the quarter with $653 million of cash and cash equivalents and $400 million of capacity on our credit facility. We continue to [main] higher than historical cash levels because of the uncertainty in the credit markets and we will continue to do so until the credit markets stabilize and the timing of economic recovery is more clear. Prior to the end of the quarter we closed on $120 million mortgage secured by the J.W. Marriott in Washington, D.C. with a new lender. The loan matures in four years with a one year extension option and the loan devalues approximately 55%. We have two remaining debt maturities in 2009, the $175 million mortgage on the San Diego Marina Marriott, which we expect to refinance with the existing lender prior to its July 1, 2009 maturity and the $135 million loan on the Westin [Kerlan] which we do not intend to refinance but will repay the loan with available cash. During the first quarter we repurchased 75 million of our three-and-one-quarter exchangeable senior debentures for approximately $69 million under our stock and equity linked security repurchase program. These repurchases along with our fourth quarter repurchases have reduced the outstanding balance of these debentures to $325 million. Over the last several weeks we have seen many signs of enhanced liquidity in the public equity and debt markets. During this period the spreads on our outstanding senior notes have tightened significantly. We have also seen further signs of enhanced liquidity in the secured debt market and we are in the process of negotiating additional loans on some of the more than 100 properties that we own that do not have any mortgage debt. Now Ill turn the call back over to Ed.
W. Edward Walter: All right. Well thank you very much everybody for joining us on this call this evening. Again we apologize for the late hour. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insight into how 2009 is playing out at our second quarter call in mid-July. Have a good evening everybody.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We appreciate your participation and hope that you have a good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson  Executive Vice President Corporate Strategy and Fund Management W. Edward Walter  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Larry K. Harvey  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Treasurer
Analysts: David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Napoleon Overton  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley William Truelove  UBS William Crow  Raymond James Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  
Operator:  Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. 
Gregory J. Larson : Welcome to Host Hotel & Resorts fourth quarter earnings call. Before we begin Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As describe in our filings with the SEC these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligation to publically update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on todays call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release, in our 8K filed with the SEC and in our website at www.HostHotels.com.  This morning Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for 2009. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter results including regional and market performance. Following their remarks we will be available to respond to your questions.
W. Edward Walter : Since we last spoke in early October the globally economy has deteriorated markedly which had a material effect on our business. Since the underlying economic and financial problems are continuing in 2009 we expect to face a very difficult operating environment for much of the year. However, we are well positioned to face these challenges and to take advantages of the opportunities when the economy eventually improves.  Before we offer some insights about 2009 let me spend a few moments on our 2008 results and trends. Fourth quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels decreased 9.4% driven by a decline in occupancy of 4.5 percentage points and a decrease in average room rate of 3.3%. For the full year comparable RevPAR decreased 2.6% as a result of the 2.4 percentage point decrease in occupancy which was partially offset by a seven tenths increase in average rate. Food and beverage [inaudible] hotels decreased 10% for the quarter and 2.9% for the year. Overall comparable revenues decreased over 9% for the quarter and 2.6% for the year. Aggressive cost cutting in light of the weak operating environment limited the decline in comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to just 290 basis points for the fourth quarter and 140 basis points for the year and resulted in adjusted EBITDA for hotel fees of $414 million for the quarter and $1.365 billion for the full year 2008. Our FFO per diluted share for the fourth quarter was $0.53 which exceed the consensus estimates by $0.06. For the year FFO per share was $1.74.  During the first three quarters of the year we experienced a definitive decline in demand as a result of the economic slowdown. Through that period transient average daily rate weakened as a function of business mix shift rather than as a result of actual rate decline. However, in the fourth quarter as the credit crisis became even more severe and the economic slowdown intensified we began to experience absolute declines in average rate in our transient business.  For the quarter transient room nights were down 7% and the average rate was down 6.9%. Our mix of business continued to shift towards lower rated segment as our higher rated corporate and premium segments declined by almost 20% while the discounted segment increased by almost 4%.  More importantly beginning in October more aggressive price competition led to rate declines of roughly 4.5% in the corporate segment and as customers began to shop more aggressively for lower pricing and increased their use of discount rate channels we saw a decrease in discount rates of more than 5%.  Our resort and luxury hotels were severely impacted during this period as transient rates fell by more than 7%. Our group business was also heavily impacted by the decline in the economy and the accelerating weakness in the financial markets although not as severely as our transient business. Group room nights were down more than 7% for the fourth quarter but the average rate actually increased by 2% as we benefitted from business that had been booked prior to the downturn.  The decline in group room nights is generally attributable to a significant decline in our corporate group segment which feel by more than 17% in the fourth quarter as a result of cancellations, attrition and reduced short term activity. As you would expect our larger convention hotels performed better increasing share within their markets and only suffering a RevPAR decline of 7.3%.  Looking at 2009 we expect the turbulent economic environment to continue to impact our business as consumers and companies cut spending. The reduction in consumer spending will impact leisure destination such as Hawaii, Florida and business travel in all markets will be reduced by budgetary restrictions. Group demand will continue to decline as companies further cut travel spending leading to cancellations and reduced attendance at events. The combination of these factors has led to booking pace for 2009 to be down more than 15% for the full year with the first quarter off by more than 19%. Although the anticipated booking rate remains slightly higher than last year we are now expecting a material decline in group revenue. It is worth noting that our pace for the remainder of the year is better than the first quarter trend especially for the second and third quarter although, given the weakness in short term booking pace it would not be surprising if our full year group pace declined further over the next few months. On a slightly positive note we have seen some group business move from luxury hotels in high profile markets such as Las Vegas to our large urban convention hotels. Our past experience shows that these large group hotels tend to outperform during periods of economic decline.  In 2008 we invested $695 million in our capital expenditure program in our hotels. Approximately $321 million was spent on return on investment and repositioning projects. As we said last quarter we expect our level of capital spending to decline materially in 2009 and guide you to a full year amount of approximately $340 to $360 million.  The majority of our spending will be dedicated to projects that are already in process such as completing meeting space additions at several hotels including the Swissotel in Chicago and our Washington Marriott at Metro Center both of which will be completed during the first half of this year. Given the $1.8 billion investment we made in our portfolio over the last three years, we are very comfortable with the physical conditions of our properties and are confident in our position versus the market.  During the fourth quarter we repurchased $100 million of our 3.25% exchangeable senior debenture for approximately $81.5 million given us an effective yield of nearly 19% on our investment and at the same time improving our liquidity by eliminating debt at a meaningful discount. These efforts proved to be an effective way to take advantage of dislocation in the hedge fund industry instigated by [inaudible]. On the domestic front, yesterday we sold the Hyatt Regency Boston Hotel for total proceeds of approximately $113 million. We will continue to work on additional asset sales this year with the focus on selling assets that are not part of our long term core portfolio but are attractive to the few buyers that are active in the market today. Given the current state of the credit market which continues to post significant challenges for buyers needing financing. It is difficult to predict the likelihood of future dispositions.  On the domestic front in both domestic and international markets we are seeing few transactions today that might satisfy our return and quality requirements. However, as the year unfolds we would expect to see deal flow improve as the combination of looming debt maturities and depressed operating results create more motivated sellers. We intend to be opportunistic as market conditions evolve and frankly are optimistic about the future prospects in this arena.  Now, let me turn to our outlook in 2009. As all of you know the recessionary economic environment expected for this year which translates in to declining GDP, employment, business investment, corporate profits and consumer spending will negatively impact the demand for lodging in both the corporate and leisure components of our business. Unfortunately, new supply in 2009 while only moderately above the historical average level is also occurring at a point in time when lodging demand is contracting.  RevPAR results for the first six weeks of 2009 have taken another big step down and are running at roughly 20% behind last years levels. Given the volatile economic environment, visibility is very limited making it incredibly difficult to predict how our operations will play out for the year. [Inaudible] economic forecast suggests that the economy will strengthen somewhat in the second half of the year.  As the year-over-year comparable base line does get easier, especially in the fourth quarter but at this point there are few favorable indicators relating to our business. With all this in mind we thought the most helpful insights we could provide you with respect to 2009 was the sense of how we thought our assets and company would perform giving a broad range of RevPAR performance.  Accordingly, we would generally anticipate that if comparable RevPAR were to decline 12% for the year and our cost containment efforts continue at their current pace, comparable hotel adjusted profit margins would decline approximately 500 basis points leading to adjusted EBITDA of hotel fee of roughly $930 million. Achieving this level of performance will likely require that the economy exhibit some strengthening in the second half of the year. If the current weakness persists and we simply get the benefit of the weaker second half comp then full year RevPAR for 2009 could decline 16%. This would suggest a comparable adjusted margin decline of roughly 580 points and full year adjusted EBITDA for hotel fee of $850 million. Based on these assumptions we anticipate that our FFO per diluted share for the year would range $0.79 a share in the 16% scenario to the $0.91 a share in the 12% case. Keep in mind that the FFO range is approximately $0.04 per share lower due to the new 2009 accounting rules on convertible debt that we referenced in the past and that Larry will talk about in a few minutes.  Turning to our dividend, we expect the amount of the dividend to be approximately $0.30 to $0.36 per common share in 2009 as a result of carryover income, 2009 taxable income and gain on asset sales. We planned to declare the dividend early in our fourth quarter and it will be paid before the end of 2009.  We should note that we fully appreciate the debate and various perspectives over the relative benefit of stock versus cash dividends and consequently will delay the decision of whether this dividend will be paid entirely in cash or if we will take advantage of the IRS ruling which would allow us to pay up to 90% of the dividend in the form of stock until later in the year. Our ultimate decision on this issue will be driven by the operating and capital environment at the end of the year as well as our outlook for 2010. Given the trends we have described and the current economic outlook, it should be no surprise that we expect 2009 to be a very challenging year. Our strategy for confronting this challenge will continue to be focused on several key themes. We will continue to emphasize maintaining a high level of liquidity and proactively address and extend debt maturities. Our current cash resources more than cover our near term maturities and we are broadly evaluating the market for the best forms of debt to deal with out years.  Our very strong flexible balance sheet represents a tremendous competitive advantage which we tend to exploit but we will act to position ourselves conservatively until the economy begins to recover. We understand that after avoiding events caused by maturing debt our most important decisions relate to allocating capital. We have an outstanding portfolio and irreplaceable assets that have been recently renovated which are located in top markets and which will be able to compete successfully for business even in a difficult environment. Because of the investments we have made we can afford to reduce our near term capital expenditures but we will not avoid any expenditures that may be required to preserve our hotels. Our asset sale program is very targeted with the goal of selling only those assets that do not fit our longer term plan at prices we believe are attractive in the current environment. As we look to acquiring assets in the future, we will be seeking high quality hotels located in the markets we expect will outperform in the next recovery. I should note one final item, the market is significantly undervaluing our portfolio. Based on our stock price last night our portfolio is valued at less than $125 per key which is what I am told it costs to construct a new suburban Courtyard or Hilton Garden Inn. [Inaudible] we estimate that the average replacement cost of our assets ranges from $340 to $360 per key, this value represents the largest discount to replacement value in our history. After we get through this current debacle the laws of supply and demand will still apply and hotel construction should be negligible until RevPAR and operating profits increase meaningfully. We will ultimately see the benefits of that improvement in our valuation levels. Now, let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer who will discuss our operating and financial performance in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey : Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our airport hotels performed the best during the fourth quarter with RevPAR down 7.9%. RevPAR for our downtown hotels fell 8.8% while RevPAR in suburban hotels decreased by 9.2%. Our resort conference hotel RevPAR decreased 12.8% as our two hotels in Maui continued to struggle due to reduced airlift and overall weak demand. When you exclude the two Hawaii hotels from the resort conference property type the RevPAR for the fourth quarter declined only 7.2%.  For the full year our urban and airport hotels performed the best with RevPAR declining by 2.2%. RevPAR for our suburban hotels decreased 2.9% and our resort conference hotels decreased 4.3%.  Turning to our regional results, the south central region performed exceptionally well with RevPAR growth of 7.2% as our Houston properties benefited from strong group demand generated by Hurricane Ike recovery efforts and renovation in the fourth quarter 2007. Our San Antonio properties also performed well as group business was strong and the property benefited from renovations in the fourth quarter of 2007 as well. Our DC metro region RevPAR declined only 4.2% as group business held up better than in other markets although there was lower transient demand in the suburbs. We expect that downtown DC hotels to have a strong first quarter in 2009 given the transition with the new administration. RevPAR for the mid Atlantic region increased 8.5%.  Our New York properties experienced a RevPAR decline of 8.9% as average daily rates fell approximately 4.7% and group demand declined. In addition, business and leisure transient demand fell. As we expected the Philadelphia market outperformed in the fourth quarter on a relative basis as RevPAR decreased only 4% due to better group business.  RevPAR dropped 10% for the Florida region driven by declines throughout the state with the exception of the Harbor Beach Marriott where RevPAR actually increased over 8%. Our Ritz Carlton properties were particularly affected by lower transient demand and group cancellations. Results for the quarter were impacted by room renovations at three hotels in the fourth quarter of this year. Overall RevPAR for our pacific region declined 11.8% for the quarter however results varied by market. The San Francisco and Orange County market outperformed on a relative basis as RevPAR decreased only 5.8% and 7% respectively due to better group activity. RevPAR for our Hawaiian properties fell 25.4% because of lower leisure and group demand as well as less airline lift in to Maui. Atlanta had another weak quarter with RevPAR declining 14.4% due to lower overall group demand and higher group attrition rates which led our hotels to seek lower rated segments in order to generate occupancy. Business and leisure transient business was also down.  As we anticipated with the New England region with a RevPAR decrease of 16.7%, had a challenging quarter due to fewer city wide group attrition and cancellation and softer leisure demand. Given the strength of the first half of 2008 in New England and Boston in particular, we expect this region to struggle in the first half of 2009.  For the full year international has been our best region with RevPAR growth of 7.3% in US dollars or 4.5% in constant US dollars followed by the central region where RevPAR growth was 1%. The Atlanta region where RevPAR declined 7.7% and the north central region were RevPAR fell 6.5% has been our weakest performers. The AIG affect has had a significant impact on our business. RevPAR for our luxury hotels was down 5.3% through the end of the third quarter and the RevPAR decline accelerated in the fourth quarter falling 16.1%. Excluding our luxury hotels, our RevPAR decreased 8.2% for the quarter and 1.6% for the full year. Our European joint venture had a weak quarter with RevPAR calculate in constant Euros declining by 13.6%. Similar to our experience with the domestic portfolio, the decline in operations accelerated as the quarter progressed. Our properties in London and Venice underperformed due to renovations and weak transient demand. While our three properties in Brussels and the Sheraton Warsaw outperformed. For the full year, RevPAR calculated in constant Euros was down 5%. The Brussels property, the Sheraton Warsaw and the Westin Palace Madrid all finished the year with positive RevPAR while the London and Venice properties underperformed for the full year as well.  For the fourth quarter comparable adjusted operating profit margins decreased by 290 basis points. Our efforts to control cost through the implementation of contingency plans at each of our properties held to constrain the margin deterioration. While we were able to reduce total costs by more than 5% the decrease was not strong enough to offset the decline in RevPAR and the 10% decline in food and beverage revenues. The decline in food and beverage revenues were due to lower group volume combined with much more conservative customers spending patterns and the implementation of certain contingency plans that resulted in closing certain outlets and reducing restaurant hours of operation. Although utility costs increased by approximately 3% for the quarter the remaining unallocated costs decreased by over 3% reflecting the impact of the cost cutting measures. Real estate taxes increased by 7.2% and property insurance costs decreased by more than 25% and incentive management fees fell 40%.  For the year our comparable adjusted operating profit margins decreased by 140 basis points. Wage and benefits were essential flat for the full year. Unallocated cost excluding utilities which increased 5.2% or up only 1%. Property taxes increased 7.6% and property insurance declined 20%. For the year incentive management fees fell nearly 22%. Our managers have been actively cutting discretionary spending including training, employee relation costs and amenity packages. They have been proactive in continuing to implement cost saving measures. Additional savings were realized by reducing staffing levels and combining positions and by closing restaurant outlets or modifying their operating hours. We also expect some benefit as our asset managers and operators further refine and implement cost reducing contingency plans given the extent of our RevPAR decline.  These measures would include the further implementation of the closing of floors or section of floors to improve productivity and energy conservation during valley periods and the redeployment of the sales force to business segments that are less volatile in tough economic times such as AAA, government and eChannel business. These programs are frequently modified to reflect the changing economic environment and the overall level of business. Looking forward to 2009 we expect that wage and benefit costs will decrease by approximately 2% and that unallocated costs will decrease by 2% to 3%. We believe that utility costs should increase a little over 1% and property insurance will decrease slightly for the year and property taxes will increase 7%. Incentive management fees are expected to decrease over 50%. As a result we expect comparable hotel adjusted profit margins to decrease 500 basis points at the low end of the RevPAR range and decrease 580 basis points at the high end of the range.  We finished the quarter with $508 million in cash and subsequent to quarter end our cash balance increased approximately $113 million with the proceeds from the sale of the Hyatt Regency Boston. Our current cash balance of over $600 million and our $400 million of remaining available capacity under the credit facility should give us more than ample capacity to fund our business plan for 2009 and 2010. We continue to maintain higher than historical cash levels because of the uncertainty in the credit markets and we will continue to do so until the credit markets stabilize and the timing of economic recovery is more clear. One last item, a new accounting pronouncement related to the treatment of our exchangeable senior debentures is effective January 1, 2009.  As we have previously disclosed, starting with the first quarter of 2009 we will be required to separately account for the debit and equity components of securities. At issuance the debt is recorded at its fair value which is calculated based on the non-convertible interest rate at the date of issuance which range from 6.5% to 6.8%. The discount which equals the value of the equity component is amortized as an increase to interest expense over the expected life of the debt.  On January 1st our debt balance will decrease by approximately $85 million as this amount represents the remaining unamortized discount. There is no affect on our cash interest expenses but interest expense will increase by approximately $30 million resulting in a decrease to our 2009 FFO of approximately $0.04 per share.  This completes are prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Larry, that was very helpful about the bonds and actually answered two of my three questions. Were assuming that amortization in your interest and were still coming up a bit short. Can you talk about what your LIBOR assumptions are and what else might be affecting your interest balances?
Larry K. Harvey : You mean as it relates to our projection for 2009?
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, exactly.
Larry K. Harvey : I would imagine our LIBOR assumption is [inaudible] so its probably in the .5% to 1%, no higher than that.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Then there is something else wrong in what were doing. Is there anything else in interest that is unusual?
Larry K. Harvey : Youre short of our number? Youre counting the $30 million in?
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Were counting the $30 million and were still coming up short of your number.
Larry K. Harvey : Why dont you circle back with us offline and well see if we can help you.
David Loeb  Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: As long as theres nothing big in there then thats fine well figure it out and well be happy to circle back. But, the $30 million clearly is a big entry and thats what weve got. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Napoleon Overton  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.
Napoleon Overton  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: A couple of things, how much of the 3.75% exchangeable notes remain outstanding?
Larry K. Harvey : Theres $400 million of that issue that remains outstanding today.
Napoleon Overton  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: And thats puttable to the company in 2010, correct?
Larry K. Harvey : Thats correct.
Napoleon Overton  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: In addition to that, what other debt maturities, what are total 2010 debt maturities?
Larry K. Harvey : Thats the only debt that comes due in 2010.
Napoleon Overton  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: I believe you own two Hyatt Regencies in Boston, which one of those was the sale property?
Larry K. Harvey : The one that we sold is the one that was located in downtown Boston. We still own the one thats located in Cambridge.
Napoleon Overton  Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Would you be able to share with us anything to give us the perspective on the valuation of that sale in terms of EBITDA the property generated last year?
Larry K. Harvey : We sold the property to a private buyer who one of the requirements of the sale is that we provide very limited exposure with respect to it. Maybe a couple of metrics I can give you though is first off the property has 495 rooms. So, the sale price represented $227,000 a key. The other thing I would broadly say is that everyone should feel comfortable in look at the multiple we sold if for based on our expectation for 2009 for the asset, it was sold at a premium to our current EBITDA multiple.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown  Morgan Stanley: Two questions, first just to clarify on your dividend, hopefully they wont be worse but if things are worse then what youre currently expecting could the dividend payment go below the $0.30 to $0.35 for the fourth quarter? Then, my second question relates to the asset purchases in the European JV, it wasnt clear to me in the press release as to whether or not you wouldnt be closing on those in the future or is that deal off the table?
W. Edward Walter : Lets deal with the dividend first. I would say that obviously the final result for 2009 could have some affect on that number but I think probably unless we strayed radically from the estimates we provided we wouldnt expect to fall short of the low end of that range, so not below the $0.30 level.  Then, as it relates to the European transaction, I think at this point because of some confidentiality requirements that exist with respect to that transaction were really frankly not at liberty to say a lot about that today. But, what I would say at this point is that the contract is terminated and I would generally view it as unlikely that we would be closing on that transaction.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Truelove  UBS.
William Truelove  UBS: Just a couple of questions, first on the sale of the Hyatt the $113 million is that gross proceeds or net proceeds after any debt that was associated with the property?
Larry K. Harvey : There was no debt on the property so that would be a net proceeds after transaction costs.
William Truelove  UBS: Second question, the San Diego Marriott Marina which has I believe has some mortgage debt coming due this year, can you give us an update on that?
Larry K. Harvey : That property has $175 million in mortgage debt that comes due in the middle of the year and I think its a July 1st date and were in the process right now of having fairly comprehensive discussions with a lender regarding the refinancing of that property. We dont have anything to announce yet but I would say we continue to make good progress on refinancing that asset.
William Truelove  UBS: My third question is more of an operation kind of question especially at your luxury properties, Im sure as you went in to this downturn you had multiple stages like stage one through stage three of cost cutting, where are we? I assume were on stage three, are we now adding stages four and five with the operators? And, how willing are they to impact customer service because everything that were hearing is that theyre trying to do things around the edges. Are they willing to do more upfront customer impactful cost cutting things?
Larry K. Harvey : Bill, I would say that on some aspect weve blow page stages one, two, three, four and five and Ive been suggesting to our asset management team we need to be contemplating six and seven. Some of that is in jest and some of that is in truth. The process that you go through while its nice to be able to describe it in different stages the reality is that the worse the operations get at a particular property the more things that you try to do.  Certainly as you look at the luxury end of the portfolio its getting hit fairly hard. It underperformed in the fourth quarter and for the full year. It is clearly underperforming at the beginning of this year, theres a whole host of reasons that I think many of you have already highlighted in your various analyst reports.  Having met and talked with those Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons about this, I think theyre trying to be as thoughtful as they can about trying to balance the need to maintain their reputation for a luxury hotel and at the same time recognize that both of us need the hotel to perform at some level and we cant just blindly maintain a service level with our recognizing what that means to the bottom line. So, I think in the case of both of those luxury operators that we work with, they are looking for ways to cut. I think they have shown flexibility with respect to brand standards as the other owners have and theyre being as thoughtful as they can. Clearly, their margin declines are going to be larger than what we would see for the whole portfolio so based on what weve seen and the discussion that weve had I think the level of margin decline for that quality of a hotel will probably makes sense in light of the RevPAR decline but, it shouldnt be radically worse than what we would be seeing in our other full service hotels.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Crow  Raymond James.
William Crow  Raymond James: A couple of question there, first of all Ed can you talk about your view towards future exchangeable note repurchases and how you weigh that against the common stock at $4 a share? Along the same lines have you considered at all or done any homework on potentially buying back or purchasing in the open market other peers exchangeable notes or debt?
W. Edward Walter : As it relates to the exchangeable taking advantage of the market in the fourth quarter buying that back at the discount that we were able to achieve was a great transaction. It was an effective use of our cash, the return on it is fairly high and it obviously was helpful to the balance sheet too. I think thats the sort of opportunity that we will continue to be alert to over the course of the next 12 months as it relates to our existing exchangeable but it will end up coming down to an assessment of what the pricing is on that, whats available in that marketplace and what our cash resources look like. I think as it relates to buying our stock I couldnt agree more with what youre really suggesting which is our stock is an incredible bargain but having said that Id go back to part of what I said in my prepared comments which is in general visibility is pretty ugly right now. Until we have a better feeling for when the recovery is going to start and how strong that recovery is going to be I think that the most prudent thing for us to do is to really focus on making certain that we have all of our debt maturities covered. I feel very good about the progress that were making on that front and I feel very good about the progress were making in general at finding additional sources of debt and ultimately on the fact that at some point Id like to think well see some additional asset sales happen. But, at this stage to think about buying back your stock in this environment without having a little better visibility about the future I just dont think that would be a prudent step for us to take today. As it relates to investing in other companys converts, if I was going to buy any convert I would buy ours because if I was going to buy anyones stock Id buy ours. If Im going to invest in any company Im going to invest in ours. So, at this stage again, until the market were to change in a more positive way than what were seeing right now, I think our cash will be focused inwardly.
William Crow  Raymond James: Next question, the sale of the Hyatt in Boston, it wasnt laden with debt so how did the buyer, if you could take us inside that perspective, how did they finance the acquisition?
W. Edward Walter : I dont know if were completely privy to exactly how they structured their financing of the asset. Our sense that at least for the part of the transaction that we were privy to was that they bought it all cash. I would assume that theyre going to find financing from some other source later. But, our sense was it was a cash purchase.
William Crow  Raymond James: Final question here, as youre dealing with meeting planners on future group bookings, are you getting increased pressure to reduce or eliminate cancellation or attrition fees, penalties based on kind of the current environment, especially from financial services firms?
W. Edward Walter : I think youre starting to see that happen. Some of that is happening on some of the business thats being discussed for 2009 right now because people will begin talking about booking an event and then not necessarily wanting to sign up for a significant cancellation fee when theyre uncertain as to whether theyre going to have it. I guess what I would say is the reaction to that will vary meaningfully from one hotel to another. If youre talking about a time period of the year where youre very confident based on historical results that youre going to be able to do business at that time then you may be reluctant to allow the rooms to be booked or the meeting space to be booked by somebody whos not willing to stand behind the commitment. On the other hand, if youre talking about somebody whos interested booking business during a need period where frankly we dont have another great solution for that particular time, say its a weekend or something like that then I think youd find that the operator would be a bit more flexible in their approach to cancelation fees. Its clearly becoming a topic and I think its something  and not dissimilar frankly to what we saw back in 2001 and 2002. As the balance of power shifts a little bit in this negotiation from us as the seller to the customer whose the buyer, you tend to see that some of these things start to slide their way a little bit.
William Crow  Raymond James: I know I said that was my last question but your answer gave me another thought which is whats going on with 2010 group bookings? Are you seeing cancellations this far in advance or are people kind of just sitting back saying, Well see what the economy does.
W. Edward Walter : I dont think Bill that were seeing a trend of cancellations or certainly not to the degree that weve seen them over the last four or five months related to 2009. What we are generally seeing across the market is a slowness in bookings and we were talking about that last year that we were generally finding that during the course of the year that we were not booking at the same rate that we had in the prior year and I think that would also apply to 2010 right now.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan.
Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan: Most of my topics have been addressed except for one small one, your cap ex guidance for 09 how much of that is related to maintenance?
W. Edward Walter : I would probably say about half of that is what we would traditionally think of as maintenance cap ex and then the other half by definition would be larger projects and the completion of the repositioning items that we had started last year.
Joseph Greff  J. P. Morgan: At that level, how long could you have that level of maintenance capital before it starts to impact things? I mean, could you be at that level for two or three years?
W. Edward Walter : I think we could easily be at that level for two to three years. Thats one of the points I was trying to make in our comments is we really feel good about the money that we invested in our portfolio over the last three years and just the comprehensive nature of the work we did has truly positioned our portfolio well by asset by asset and in each of their individual markets. So, I think we would be able to run at that type of a level without any problems for a couple of years.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital:  A few basic questions, just the sensitivity that you gave in place of guidance just wondering if things actually deteriorated even further than you anticipate can we just take the kind of every one percentage point of RevPAR to $20 million EBITDA which is implied by your 12% to 16% sensitivity or does it get more accelerated after that?
Larry K. Harvey : I would guess that if you were talking about a point or two of additional RevPAR decline that thats probably as good a metric as we could provide right now. There is some point where it becomes difficult to mitigate the margin decline when you begin to have even more excessive RevPAR decline but I think in the realm of another couple of points or so I think that clearly would work.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: And it would flow through to FFO in the same way, correct?
Larry K. Harvey : I think if you just look at what the EBITDA decline would be then once you do the math on the FFO it should track. Theres nothing else in that analysis Felicia thats really moving because our interest expense shouldnt really be changing so its just EBITDA thats changing in that equation.
Felicia Hendrix  Barclays Capital: Could you just give us guidance for depreciation or corporate expense for 09?
Larry K. Harvey : The corporate admin will be up because in the numbers we have targeted corporate admin up about $10 million and the bulk of that is from restricted stock in 08. Weve got very little restrictive stock so now in our forecast we have it at the targeted level. From a standpoint of depreciation weve got about $600 million this year, its up slightly versus $580 so thats about a $20 million difference.
W. Edward Walter : Felicia Id add one thing to Larrys comments there, if you looked at the absolute level of our overhead leaving out the sort of year-over-year issue that you can run in to because of bonuses and restrictive stock really at historically lows this year for the company what youd find is weve actually reduced our admin year-over-year from 08 to 09 by about 10% and then depending upon how we perform those numbers will be adjusted at the end of the year. But, net/net if you look at what were actually carrying from an overhead level, its down compared to last year.
Operator:  Our final question comes from Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Youve answered basically all of our questions but Im just wondering kind of off Felicias question about things being possibly worse or maybe better could you just talk a little bit now I guess kind of what are your top four or five markets that you are going to get most of your earnings out of given that RevPAR has performed badly across all markets but some worse than others? What are kind of the key needle movers for you for this year?
W. Edward Walter : I think if you look at the markets where we have the largest ownership in, it typically shows up as Washington DC which I think is the market thats going to do well. You have Florida broadly defined which I think were concerned at least some of those markets will see some softness this year. You have New York which I think will be one of the underperforming markets for the year. I think those are really the big three. Atlanta would be the fourth and I think Atlanta will be a middle of the pack market.  I think there are a couple of other markets that we think will do better. Were sort of anticipating some better performance out of San Francisco we have a fairly sizeable presence there and were also feeling a bit better about Chicago this year. Theres a fairly good group calendar in Chicago. We also suffered from some renovation effect last year and well have less of that going on this year so Chicago is one of the markets that were counting on for better performance.
Smedes Rose  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: On your dividend you mentioned that it reflects capital gains and some carryovers from 2008 so is it fair to say that with the guidance youve given youre not really looking for any taxable income for this year?
W. Edward Walter : We talked a little bit about that earlier but I would generally say that expected capital income affect on this years dividend at the levels weve suggested today is relatively minor. 
Operator:  That does conclude our Q&A for today. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Walter.
W. Edward Walter : Thank you everyone for joining us for the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to talk about our results for 2008 and also discuss what we see coming at us in 2009. We look forward to giving you an update on how first quarter played out and what are thoughts are going forward in late April. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Once again, that does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson - Executive Vice President - Corporate Strategy and Fund Management W. Edward Walter - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Larry K. Harvey - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts: Joseph Greff - J.P. Morgan William Truelove - UBS Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Charles Scholes - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs William Crow - Raymond James David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Amanda Bryant - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Greg Larson.
Gregory J. Larson: Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts third quarter earnings call. Before we begin Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed and we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on todays call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release, in our 8K filed with the SEC and on our website at www.hosthotels.com. This morning Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our third quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for the remainder of 2008 and next year. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our third quarter results including regional and market performance. Following their remarks we will be available to respond to your questions. Now heres Ed.
W. Edward Walter: While we are pleased that our third quarter performance was better than expected, there is no doubt that the significant economic and financial turmoil occurring over the last several weeks is impacting our business and the travel industry overall, which will likely make the next few quarters challenging from an operations perspective. The events of this past week have only accentuated the situation. With that in mind we will review our third quarter results, discuss our outlook for Q4 as well as offer some thoughts related to 2009. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the third quarter decreased 2.1% which was near the better end of our guidance driven by a decline in occupancy of 2.6% points which was partially offset by a 1.3% increase in average room rate. Food and beverage revenues at our comparable hotels decreased 4.6% as banquet business declined as a result of lower group volumes and outlet revenue declined due to lower occupancy and more conservative spending patterns. Overall comparable revenues decreased 3.1%. Comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins decreased by 140 basis points for the quarter. The adjusted EBITDA of Host Hotels & Resorts LP was $270 million a decrease of $27 million from the third quarter of 2007. Our FFO per diluted share for the third quarter was $0.31 which exceeded the consensus estimates by $0.03 and also the high end of our guidance. On a year-to-date basis comparable RevPAR increased 0.6% driven by a 2.6% increase in average rate which was partially offset by 1.5% decline in occupancy. Year-to-date adjusted EBITDA was $951 million and FFO was $1.21 per share. The decline in RevPAR for the quarter was driven by continued weakness in our transient segments and by much lower group business than we experienced in the first half of the year. Overall our occupancy dropped to approximately 75% in the quarter. Perhaps more importantly, our results were clearly affected by the difficulties faced by our two Hawaiian properties. The reduction to airlift to the Maui market combined with increasing ticket prices resulted in a 19% point decline in occupancy and a 9% decrease in average room rate. The combination of these factors led to a 28% decline in RevPAR. Excluding these hotels, our comparable portfolio RevPAR for the quarter would have been just 0.4%. In the third quarter overall transient room nights were down 3.2% which matched our year-to-date experience. Business travel weakened further in the quarter declining by roughly 11% due to higher air fares, decreasing airline capacity and cost cutting measures implemented by companies to travel restrictions. In addition, leisure travel remains soft due to household economic pressures and higher airline ticket pricing. The decrease in demand was most prominent in our higher-rated transient segment and we were able to offset only some of this decline with lower-rated business. Although our premium corporate and professional corporate rates increased nearly 3%, the negative shift in the business mix and the difficult operating environment in [valley] caused the slight decline in the overall transient rate resulting in a 3.6% decrease in transient room revenues. Given the weak economic outlook for the next few quarters we expect that both business and leisure demand will continue to weaken. During the first half of the year our group activity was up 1.3% in room nights and nearly 6% in revenues which provided a strong base of support to our operating results. Unfortunately this trend reversed in the third quarter as group room nights declined by 6% and the decline was only partially offset by a solid increase in group average room rate of 4.9% resulting in a decrease in group revenues of 1.3%. We had expected that the third quarter would reflect lower group demand as our booking pace had been behind the prior years pace. Unfortunately we are continuing to experience slower near-term bookings and a slight increase in attrition rates which suggests that group volumes and revenues will continue to decline in both the fourth quarter and at least the first half of next year. Given the trends we are experiencing we are working very closely with our operators to identify alternate sources of business such as additional special corporate accounts and expanding leisure promotions to fill need periods. As evidenced by our strong segment specific rate growth we are attempting to maintain rate discipline as our experience in the 2001 to 2003 downturn indicated that it is difficult to induce business travel by cutting rates. Looking at our investments in the quarter we continue to make significant progress on our capital investment program. For the quarter we completed approximately $153 million of projects building our year-to-date total to $463 million. Approximately $78 million of our third quarter total was invested in ROI or repositioning expenditures which also represented roughly 45% of our year-to-date amount. During the quarter we completed construction of our new 26,000 square foot ballroom in the Atlanta Marquis, the renovation of 2,900 guest rooms, 137,000 square foot of meeting space and 130,000+ square foot of public food and beverage space. We expect to continue to spend approximately $640 million to $660 million in total for 2008. While we are still refining our capital program for 2009 we would expect total expenditures would decline by at least 30%. On the domestic front we continue to work on additional asset sales with active and interested purchasers. However the current state of the credit markets continue to pose significant challenges for buyers in obtaining financing and therefore makes it difficult to predict the likelihood or timing of dispositions. On the other side of this equation, the extreme turbulence in the financial markets and the lack of clarity and visibility regarding the operating outlook suggests that we would be better served by allowing events to further evolve before committing to any acquisitions. Ultimately we intend to be opportunistic as market conditions change. Now let me turn to our outlook for the remainder of this year. As youre all well aware, the issues confronting the credit markets have not abated and we are caught in a credit crunch that will likely last through the end of 2008 and into 2009. This and other economic pressures are forcing both individuals and businesses to restrain their travel spending, thus impacting our business. For the fourth quarter we expect that comparable hotel RevPAR will decline by 3% to 5% which will lead to full-year RevPAR growth in the range of flat to down 1% which is at the lower half of our second quarter guidance. In this weaker operating environment combined with higher inflationary cost pressures we expect that hotel adjusted operating profit margins will decline between 100 and 125 basis points for our comparable hotels. Based on these assumptions we expect our FFO per diluted share for the year to be $1.75 to $1.80 and adjusted EBITDA post-[LT] to come in between $1.375 billion and $1.4 billion. Turning to our dividend we continue to expect to pay our regular $0.20 quarterly dividend for the fourth quarter. With respect to our special dividend we are now estimating that it will range from $0.00 to $0.05 on the assumption that none of the asset sales we are currently working on will close in calendar year 2008. To the extent we are successful in closing any of these sales, it could result in a higher special dividend. As we look towards 2009, the events of the last five weeks and especially the extreme market turmoil of the last week frankly make it very difficult to predict what the operating environment will be next year. It is apparent that the various solutions that are in the process of being implemented by the Treasury, the Feds and several other central banks have not yet sufficiently restored investor confidence to allow our financial markets to return to some semblance of normality. While the potential impact these events may have on the economy is difficult to quantify, it certainly appears likely that the economy will deteriorate potentially significantly in the near term. Finally we have just commenced our budget process and do not have any detailed sense of operating forecast for next year. In light of these circumstances we do not believe it is insightful to offer guidance with respect to our anticipated performance in 2009. However what we would indicate is that if one accepts what I would describe as the consensus level economic forecast in place last week, which predicted that unemployment would increase, business and investment profits would decline moderately and GDP growth would be anemic at best, we can offer some insights into our expectations for the industry. Combining those factors with the turmoil in the financial industry and continued weakness in the housing market, which appears to be undermining leisure travel, we would expect to see a modest decline in absolute lodging demand in 2009 especially in the first half of the year. This analysis is confirmed by our general sense that the industry is experiencing weaker group booking paids for 2009 which is trending behind last year and by transient bookings which are also slower than prior year levels suggesting continued weakness in corporate and premium rate segments. The combination of negative lodging demand growth with upper upscale supply growth that will likely exceed 2% suggests that the industry will suffer a 2% to 3% point decline in occupancy in 2009. Given that many properties are experiencing a mix shift to lower-rated business and it is becoming more difficult to increase rates, we would expect that average rates will slightly decline in many markets. Given these assumptions our sense pre the events of this week was that upper upscale RevPAR would likely decline in the range of 4% to 6% for the full year. I would caution you that the overall situation remains quite fluid especially as it relates to the impact of the financial crisis on the economy and on the lodging business, and we are quite focused on managing our response to challenging business conditions. As this all relates to our own portfolio, our asset management team is closely evaluating the revenue and expense strategies in place at each of our hotels, and we and our operating partners are making every effort to reduce operating expenses as business volumes decline. Unfortunately we experienced this drill several years ago and we understand how to work purposefully to maximize profitability in a less-than-ideal environment. As the events unfold and we make additional progress on our budget process, we will look for an opportunity to update you in the future with respect to our expectations for our portfolio. In summary, given the environment we are reasonably pleased with our third quarter results but expect the remainder of the year and 2009 will continue to be a challenge. As we have discussed on prior calls, we are confident that the steps that we have taken over the last five years in renovating our portfolio and significantly improving our balance sheet and liquidity profile have positioned us to succeed during this period of economic uncertainty and provided us with the capacity to take advantage of potential opportunities that will arise. Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and financial performance for the quarter in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio based on property type, our urban hotels performed the best during the third quarter with flat RevPAR led by strong growth from our New York, San Francisco and Canadian hotels. RevPAR for our suburban hotels fell 0.6% while RevPAR at our airport hotels decreased by 1.6% and our resort conference hotel RevPAR decreased by 12.4% as our two hotels in Maui continue to struggle due to reduced airlift and overall weak demand. When you exclude the two Hawaiian hotels from resort conference, the RevPAR decline for the third quarter was down just 1.1%. Turning to our regional results, the DC metro region performed well with RevPAR growth of 3.4% as the suburban hotels in the region had their first good quarter of the year coming off of the renovations in the first half of the year and our downtown hotels continued to outperform. In particular RevPAR growth for the JW Marriott exceeded 14%. We expect the fourth quarter to be weaker as higher rated transient demand decreases due to less activity with Congress out of session and the election. RevPAR for the Mid-Atlantic region increased 2%. RevPAR growth for our New York properties was exceptional at 6.7% even though the W New York experienced negative RevPAR for the quarter as a result of a rooms renovation. The outperformance was driven by strong rate growth from international travel. On a relative basis we expect the New York properties to have a decent fourth quarter although there is clearly risk of lower financial sector business and lower international travel. As we discussed on the second quarter call, the Philadelphia market continued to struggle in the third quarter due to fewer city-wides, weaker group bookings and a decrease in leisure demand. The Philadelphia market will perform better in the fourth quarter on a relative basis to the third quarter. The Florida region had RevPAR growth of 1.3% driven by the Harbor Beach Marriott and the Orlando World Center Marriott. Results for the quarter were muted by rooms renovations at the Miami Biscayne Bay Marriott, the Tampa Waterside Marriott and the Orlando World Center as well as the impact of Hurricane Fay. We expect the fourth quarter to be weaker due to a significant amount of business disruption with two properties under room renovations. Overall RevPAR for our Pacific region declined 4.8% for the quarter; however results varied by market. While we expected the San Francisco market to rebound strongly in the third quarter, the RevPAR growth of 12.6% exceeded our expectations. The results were driven by increased city-wides and higher transient demand. RevPAR declined 0.9% for the Los Angeles market as higher rated transient demand was down forcing the hotels to book lower-rated business. RevPAR for our Hawaiian properties declined 28% because of lower leisure and group demand. We expect that trend to continue into the fourth quarter. At this point San Francisco is the only market in the Pacific region that we expect to have positive RevPAR in the fourth quarter. We anticipated the New England region which had RevPAR growth of 7.2% for the first half of the year and Boston in particular would have a challenging third quarter with RevPAR down 6.5% due to fewer city-wides and softening leisure demand. In addition, group attrition and cancellations were higher than expected. We expect the region to continue to struggle in the fourth quarter. While we expected Atlanta to have a weak third quarter, results were worse than expected with RevPAR declining 8.8% as group attrition rates were higher than our forecast and short-term transient and group demand were lower than expected. We expect the Atlanta region to perform marginally better in the fourth quarter. Fortunately the Ritz-Carlton Buckhead rooms renovation was completed at the end of the quarter and will no longer be a drag on the regions results. Year-to-date the international region has been our best region with RevPAR growth of 17.1% in US dollars or 6.1% in constant US dollars. These results were primarily driven by the weak dollar and strong growth in our Chilean assets and the Calgary Marriott and Toronto Wheaton Center Marriott. The Florida region was our second best region with RevPAR growth of 4.6%. The North Central region with a RevPAR decline of 4.8% and the Atlanta region with a decline of 4.5% have been our weakest performers. Our European joint venture had a weak quarter with RevPAR calculated in constant Euros declining by 5.1% primarily due to lower transient and tour group demand, particularly lower US leisure business as well as three properties undergoing renovations. The properties in Warsaw, London, Rome and Venice were the most affected by the decline in demand. If calculated in US dollars, RevPAR was up by 7.7%. On a year-to-date basis RevPAR calculated in constant Euros was flat and increased by 14% in US dollars. The Westin Palace in Madrid and the Renaissance Brussels outperformed at both the quarter and year-to-date periods. With the 2.1% decline in RevPAR and the 4.7% decline in food and beverage revenues in the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comp hotels decreased by 140 basis points. Our efforts to control costs and the implementation of contingency plans at each of our properties helped to constrain the margin deterioration. In fact wages and benefits increased by less than 1% as our managers were generally able to right-side the workforce to the level of business generated. Although utility costs increased by 9.1% for the quarter, the remaining unallocated costs increased by only 1.8% reflecting the impact of the cost-cutting measures. Real estate taxes increased by 8.7% and property insurance costs decreased more than 35%. At this point all of our properties have implemented contingency plans and a substantial majority are at the highest level of implementation. As the quarter evolves we expect additional properties to move to the highest level. Our managers have been actively cutting costs including travel and entertainment, training, employee relation costs and amenity packages. Additional savings were realized by not filling vacant positions and by closing restaurant outlets or modifying their operating hours as well as several other cost-saving measures. To date our comparable adjusted operating profit margins have decreased by 60 basis points. For the fourth quarter we expect margins to come under further pressure as our transient mix shifts to lower-rated business and food and beverage revenues decrease particularly in the more profitable business areas such as banquet and audio visual. We finished the quarter with $494 million in cash. Subsequent to the end of the quarter we increased our available cash by $200 million through a draw on the revolver portion of our credit facility. We currently have $400 million of remaining available capacity under the credit facility. Since March of this year we have been maintaining higher than historical cash levels because of the uncertainty in the credit markets, and we will continue to do so until the credit markets stabilize and the timing of the economic recovery is more clear. One last item with respect to our comparable operating results and guidance that I would like to bring to your attention is that 2008 is a 53-week year for our Marriott managed hotels, which represent approximately 50% of our revenue. Marriott uses a fiscal year ending on the Friday closest to December 31 and typically reports 52 weeks or 364 days of operations versus a calendar year of 365 days. Every six years or so Marriott reports a 53-week year, the last of which was in 2002. The fourth quarter of 2008 for our Marriott properties will include 17 weeks versus the typical 16 weeks. We believe that reporting the 16 week and 52 week statistics for 2008 represent the more appropriate operating data when comparing hotel results to 2007 and accordingly our comparable hotel results and guidance are based on that comparison for the fourth quarter and full year of 2008. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Joseph Greff - J.P. Morgan.
Joseph Greff - J.P. Morgan: I appreciate the comments for 09 with respect to your upper upscale outlook. Where do you see luxury for next year and where would you characterize urban relative to the other areas on a relative basis?
W. Edward Walter: My guess is that were going to generally find that luxury will underperform the upper upscale segment. And the reason why I would say that is I think if you look across the business, the customer base of most luxury hotels typically has a higher proportion of financial and that business is going to, by I think most estimates, decline slightly next year. I also think that in the normal context of things when the economy is tougher, while the true rich continue to stay at luxury hotels, the next level down will often make the switch in terms of segmentation to an upper upscale hotel. Consequently well probably find that even on the leisure side, business at the luxury hotels is a bit weaker. So I would be expecting that they would underperform slightly. From an urban perspective, I would probably expect at this point that urban perform in line with upper upscale. Im not certain I would see a big distinction. I think weve been finding our urban group has performed pretty well over the course of this year and I would see that that would continue into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Truelove - UBS.
William Truelove - UBS: On the comparable RevPAR you say is only going to include the normal 16-week for Marriott. You also disclosed a total non-comparable RevPAR which is what we use. Is that going to include all the weeks for Marriott or still just the 16 or you havent decided?
W. Edward Walter: Well put everything in there.
William Truelove - UBS: Maybe you guys can talk about fourth quarter outlook for New York City. The second question is on mortgage debt. Other than the Orlando World Center Marriott, which you disclosed in your 10Q, whats the next large maturity date on the mortgage debt side? And finally, what would you say would be the minimal amount of cap ex you would have to spend? I know you havent done your budget for 2009 but just perhaps if you were to think about say 2008 and you said, What would be the minimum we had to spend on life safety issues or whatever? What is that kind of number?
W. Edward Walter: Lets deal with those in order. As it relates to New York in the fourth quarter, we certainly have been concerned since the beginning of this year that the problems in the financial sector and the financial industry would negatively affect New York. So far for the year, while I think we have seen some weakness in the financial sector, that has been more than overcome by strength emanating from international and I guess other leisure sources. So New York this summer was quite strong. I think Larry quoted a stat that said New York was in the 5% or 6% range for the quarter but that actually understated the performance in New York from our perspective because the W was under renovation. If you leave the W out, the other three hotels were up about 9%. So New York had quite a strong summer. As you look into the fourth quarter, so far I think its still been trending positive at least at our hotels through last week and while we continue to have some level of skepticism about being able to maintain that momentum, the outlook from our asset management group and close consultation with the properties is that the quarter is going to be positive. And at this stage we would rank New York as one of our top three or four markets for the fourth quarter in terms of our expectations. Now in terms of dealing with the mortgage debt, I think the next maturity we have is a $175 million mortgage that comes due on the San Diego Marina Marriott in the mid-summer of next year. Its a fairly low leverage loan. It was one that was put in place 10 years ago and certainly a loan that we feel fairly comfortable that wed be able to refinance.
William Truelove - UBS: And then the minimal cap ex?
W. Edward Walter: I think its hard to say what the absolute bottom amount of cap ex would be. If you just put that into the context of emergency repairs and you did nothing else, it would be fairly minimal, literally less than $25 million because theres not a lot of what we would view as life safety that is necessary or required to be done on our portfolio. I would tell you that our expectations with respect to cap ex have been being refined as weve worked our way through the year. And while I probably would have said to you that the decline compared to this year would have been more moderate if wed been having this discussion in August, we see the situation is certainly changing so we have been refining our program for this year. Clearly our cap ex is going to come down by at least 30%. I would tell you that to the extent that the overall economic environment deteriorated more significantly, I think we could cut it significantly more than that. The way were approaching that issue though is that certain things are already in process, materials have already been ordered, and it generally makes sense to move forward with those projects because in the long run, and frankly were thinking in the long run, you want to try to get the advantage of the materials that youve done and do these things in the most cost effective way. We have a few meeting room projects that were planned for next year. I think we probably would continue with those projects because that space has already been blocked and at this point it would be difficult to book business for that space. So I think we would go ahead and do those projects. But outside of sort of the commitments like that, everythings on the table in terms of just being intelligent about what really needs to be spent now and what could possibly be deferred.
Operator: Our next question comes from Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: I know the visibility is tough on a lot of the business, but what kind of visibility do you have on the international side? Is that booking several months in advance so you have some comfort or are you getting uncomfortable with  you mentioned it weakening, but can you sustain yourself through the end of the year as financial markets are in trouble everywhere else too?
W. Edward Walter: A lot of the international business that we have probably would be ultimately classified as leisure or certainly as transient. So as I know you know that business is not booked that much in advance. If we were to try to look at what weve seen happen over the course of the last four or five weeks and draw some conclusions from that, I think the conclusion that we would draw is it is weakening slightly. I wouldnt say that its dropping off in a material sort of way but the signs are right now that theres been some weakening in international travel. Having said that, as weve talked about before while it depends upon the market we have seen a very healthy increase over the course of this year in certain markets, like in New York its been up 25%, so maybe some abatement from that shouldnt be viewed as a surprise.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Youve talked a lot about conserving cash and capital and capacity. You guys are obviously in a much stronger position than you were in the early part of this decade, but at what point does RevPAR decline to a level that you have to think about cutting the dividend to continue to preserve capital for the company? Not saying that youre close to that today, but just so we can think about it.
W. Edward Walter: I dont know that weve pinpointed a particular RevPAR point because obviously it really gets down into when you start to see declines in EBITDA to the point where youd consider that. Let me say this on the dividend in general. At this point we have no plan to change the $0.20 regular quarterly dividend that we have in place. We designed this structure a few years ago to anticipate the fact that our business is a bit more volatile and there are ups and downs in terms of our taxable income and our operations. Having said that I think as we look into next year and as we work our way through next year the factors that we will look at relative to any decision to change the policy with respect to the dividend are going to end up being: Whats our taxable income next year including any taxable income that would be generated from asset sales? What are the operating conditions and outlook for 09 and for 2010? And finally, what do the financial markets look like and what does overall liquidity in the business environment look like? And I think as we look at all of those different things, then we would make some decisions about whether or not we would make an adjustment to the dividend.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: On a RevPAR decline of 4% to 6%, what kind of margin compression would you expect?
W. Edward Walter: I guess what Id say in terms of trying to estimate what might happen in the industry with respect to margins, thats obviously very difficult to do certainly from the standpoint of looking at our own portfolio. Its way too early to try to be precise on that front. We will be working very closely with our operators to try to refine our expense structure. One of the benefits that you get out of some of the excitement that weve all experienced lately is I think its much easier to get your hotels and your operators to focus on adjusting costs when they see some of the things that have been happening in the financial markets of late. So theres no doubt in my mind that our team and their teams are working closely to try to understand whats going to happen next year.  In a directional sense if we look back in history, what I think we have found in our company is that if you go back to 02 and 03 where we had a RevPAR declines that were within the range that weve just mentioned today that we thought could apply to the industry is that in 02 we found that margins declined by about 200 basis points. In 03 we found that margins declined around 300 basis points. Now over the last three y ears weve taken a lot of costs out of our system. I think as a company weve done a very good job of improving our margin over this period of time where we had the good years. As I think about what would likely happen next year, I think you probably would expect that wed be more like 03 in terms of what would ultimately happen with margins. But having said that, it really is early to tell and thats really a place thats going to get an extreme amount of focus over the course of the next few months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Scholes - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Charles Scholes - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: My question is slightly related to the last one. As I look out at some of the forward reservations that have been made, it looks like for the most part rate is holding flat and maybe even slightly positive year-over-year but really occupancy is slipping. In your opinion at what levels would occupancy have to fall to where we begin to see rate cuts really happening?
W. Edward Walter: Thats going to clearly depend upon the individual hotel in the individual hotel market, which I know you know, but thinking about that in a portfolio context I would probably say that were approaching the point in time where that becomes a risk. Were not there right now. If you look back at our experience in the prior quarter, were still seeing rate growth almost across every single segment. So I think thats still a good sign. You obviously are running a risk that rate could decline not because the segment rate has been dropped but because the mix has changed, so you run some risk on that front. Based on the guidance that we gave or the outlook that we talked about for the industry, I think our sense is that if we experience the two to three point decline in occupancy that we think is reasonable to assume for next year, youre probably going to get to the point where you run the risk that there is in some markets certainly reductions in rates.
Charles Scholes - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: With asset or hotel operations clearly coming down and you folks have a decent balance sheet, how much further would prices have to come down before you start to become interested in making acquisitions?
W. Edward Walter: I think the issue around buying properties right now is not really going to be driven as much by where the price it. Its really going to be driven by our sense of the outlook for the future, our confidence and some visibility with respect to projections, and ultimately the returns that we think were going to be able to generate from those assets. Thats really I think going to take a while for that to work its way through, which is why our guess is that the acquisition environment for us probably wouldnt heat up till the end of next year, maybe even into 2010.  Pricing clearly is getting better from a standpoint of cap rate performance but youre also going to have to layer into that analysis whats happening on the operating side in order to understand what the real return is going to be from the investments that youre looking at.
Charles Scholes - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: I dont know if you mentioned it in your previous comments, but on Hawaii 2009, any chance of improvement there or is it just getting worse?
W. Edward Walter: I think it may flatten out a bit but I would still expect it to be slightly negative next year. If you look at what the core problem is with Hawaii right now, it is really tied very directly to the lack of flight capacity. I think I talked about occupancy for Maui being down 17% to 18%. If you look at capacity in the third quarter, thats basically what airline capacity into Maui was in the third quarter, down about 18%. So to some degree weve got to see that situation stabilize and improve in order for Maui and the rest of Hawaii to start to show some better operating results. I suspect that that happens. Those have long been very attractive destinations. That hasnt changed. I think were suffering from the fact that two airlines went bankrupt and that particular type of a flight is one thats been very expensive for the airlines to really manage. The reality is as oil continues to come down in price, the attractiveness of those flights will improve, the pricing on those flights should improve and clearly there are rooms available in Hawaii to draw customers. So all those factors should ultimately start to weigh in our favor instead of against us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: I know Celeste asked a question about dividends. Im assuming share repurchases too move much, much further away but I just want to get confirmation of that. And secondarily, I just want to understand this a little bit better, which is you talked about conference conventions, some delegate attrition, maybe the booking window being a little bit shorter. Are you seeing outright cancellations as Corporate America basically now starts to think that its politically incorrect to have these big events? Weve already seen AIG be scrutinized for an event and then actually cancel one at the St. Regis. What are you hearing from your conference and meeting people today about these kinds of issues?
W. Edward Walter: Ill answer the questions in reverse order here. As of last week, what we were generally hearing from our operators is that while attrition levels had increased and booking pace was slower, they were not seeing a meaningful increase in cancellation activity. That certainly has been something that we have been monitoring very carefully but on a repeated question, the answer has generally been that there are always cancellations in our business. There have probably been slightly more this year than what weve experienced in the past. But the bottom line was that we are not seeing a tremendous increase in cancellations. Over the last week, I have become aware of a couple of isolated examples of institutions and in particular financial institutions who have cancelled events. I am not getting the sense that that is a landslide of any degree. I think that weve heard of a couple more. I think there is a concern certainly at the upper end or the luxury tier of properties that there is a risk that the attention that was drawn to the St. Regis and to AIG could filter into other areas. But so far we have not seen that happen. Lets recognize thats really only a one-week-old story. I think some of that is just the weeks been a very long week. As it relates to your question on share repurchase, I think the policy and the approach that weve taken to share repurchase this year has served us well. We started off with the concept of being measured as opposed to being aggressive in the beginning of the year and Im glad we chose that policy. I would say that youre correct in your assumption that given the economic outlook and given the financial outlook, if we called it measured before, Id call it cautious today. And I think it really is going to relate as it has in the past to our sense of the operating outlook, its going to relate to the financial liquidity issues, its going to tie a bit to asset sales to the extent that were able to sell assets in this environment and buy our stock. That obviously in today with the multiples that were trading at and the cap rate that were trading at, our stocks a tremendous value. But echoing a theme I think Ive already made a couple of times today, our focus right now is really on maintaining liquidity, its on managing our portfolio, and really focusing on our operations because I think in this environment thats the most important thing to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Crow - Raymond James.
William Crow - Raymond James: Ed, could you quantify the number of full-time equivalent employees that have been laid off and maybe compare where we are today to where we were in the post-9/11 period from that perspective?
W. Edward Walter: The short answer to that is I dont think I can quantify that. I would tell you that certainly compared to post-9/11 the adjustments in personnel have been nowhere near that type of a level because we just havent suffered that level of change in terms of our occupancy. Conditions are weaker but they certainly dont approach what we saw in that period or frankly even in the period that existed before 9/11. What youre seeing right now at properties is youre seeing positions not being filled and youre seeing food and beverage be adjusted especially in light of the weakness in food and beverage revenues during the course of the summer. But some kind of a broader number than that, I just dont have an answer for.
William Crow - Raymond James: Could you get a feel though? I mean are we going to start to see the headcount shrink pretty sizably as ADR starts to go negative?
W. Edward Walter: I think youll see an increase in layoffs at the hotels to the extent that business levels decline materially. In other words, itll just depend on the hotel. Were moving into a period of time as we get to the end of the year where we naturally have lower occupancies, so on a seasonal basis you typically see lower employment there. I think a lot of the theme that weve had all along here is to try to craft in a lot of different departments within the hotel people who can perform different skills so that youre not centered in sort of a silo system where people can only do one thing. So theres a high level of attrition that exists within our business anyway. That obviously gives us a fair amount of flexibility to adjust our workforce in a down environment like this.
William Crow - Raymond James: Let me follow up on one question asked earlier about acquisition opportunities and you thought late 09 might be a better time. Does that hold true for your global joint ventures? Do you anticipate being less active there? And how do you feel about maybe more of an enterprise acquisition M&A sort of transaction even against this rather bleak environment?
W. Edward Walter: I think as it relates to the international side, were fully invested in Europe at this point. Were in conversations with our partners about in effect committing and raising the capital to do a second fund. But without putting strict time parameters around it, the investment in Europe is going to probably feel a lot like the US as we wait to see how conditions evolve. As it relates to Asia, we just opened up an office there. We have a great capital partner there. That part of the world is doing a little bit better. I could foresee that we would be making some investments in Asia prior to making investments in the US because I think the overall outlook for the markets that were looking at there is brighter than what were seeing in the US. But I think again you should expect that we would be cautious in our approach given the overall economic environment.
William Crow - Raymond James: And the M&A? And the reason I ask is that even though multiples may not have come down given the reductions in the expectations, certainly as you look at things on a per room basis or replacement cost basis, there are plenty of stocks including yourselves that have to look awfully cheap to you. How do you think about that?
W. Edward Walters: Im certainly not going to argue with you that our stock and most of our other competitors stock look cheap right now. I think though the answer on M&A is thats not something that were focused on right now. In general if you look at how weve built the company, weve done a couple of larger deals. I think in general weve built this company one acquisition at a time, and as I look out to whats likely to happen in the future over the next couple of years my best guess is that well continue to build it that way. We wont be looking for large portfolios for other public companies. What well be looking for is assets that we want in our portfolio for a long period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I apologize if I missed this. I do find the current environment a little distracting.
W. Edward Walter: Yes, I understand Ive got some competition today on this call.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Competition across the world I think. I noted the draw on the credit facility after the end of the quarter and that seems really sensible. My question is under what circumstances would you draw more or the rest of your availability under the credit line?
W. Edward Walter: I think our sense of doing that would be if we began to have a higher level of concern about the participants in the credit facility, then I think you could see us draw additional funds to make certain that we continued to have access to that cash for the point in time that we need it. I think were comfortable. As Larry described, we have an incredible amount of liquidity right now. So that certainly is not an issue from our perspective. And if you look at our bank group, we have a pretty solid bank group. Its led by Deutsche Bank and B of A and I think generally as we review, and I will tell you were reviewing it far more often now than we ever have in the past, we feel generally good about the capabilities about the groups that are in there. To the extent that that opinion was to change, then I could see that we would draw more on the facility. Right now we feel good with where we are.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: After 9/11 you guys made what was really a prescient decision to draw fully on the credit facility. Was that more because you feared you might bust covenants and not be able to draw? And can you foresee a scenario where that would be the case in this cycle?
W. Edward Walter: When we drew the funds after 9/11, the thing is we were actually already planning on making a draw in mid-September because we knew as part of our business plan we were going to need to make a draw. It had to deal with some funding obligations that we had coming up. We increased the size of that draw after 9/11 primarily because the outlook was very uncertain and our general sense was that having liquidity was a very good insurance policy to protect us against anything that could happen coming down the road. That same philosophy is really what drove us as Larry mentioned in his comments to increase the amount of cash that we were holding back in March, because while clearly theres a little bit of a negative [inaudible] on holding additional cash collateral, our sense has long been that the insurance benefit of that is well worth the minor cost to FFO. I think thats really the policy thats been guiding the way we look at this.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I take that as you dont have concern about covenants kicking in at this point?
W. Edward Walter: The short answer is our facility has an incredible amount of flexibility, and youd have to see an incredibly significant deterioration in our EBITDA for the covenants to come into play.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: You talked about the mortgage debt that you have maturing on the San Diego Marriott. Can you just talk generally about the financing environment? I mean if you were to go out today, who would be lending, what kind of terms, what LTV, what kind of interesting rate would you be looking at on mortgage debt?
Larry K. Harvey: Well, obviously over the last couple of weeks things have tightened up. Fortunately its at our event in San Diego. Thats July 1. Weve already had very recent productive discussions with multiple lenders including the one that has the debt right now. As you look through if you start with our senior notes, theyre trading obviously in the 11s. With respect to secured debt, spreads have widened. Fortunately in general the underlying treasuries are down but Id put a secured deal probably right around the 400s. Id say on the bank side the same thing. And of course as weve discussed before on the bank side, for larger loans youd need multiple participants.
W. Edward Walter: Part of what were seeing right now in the financing environment is that there are some people that have just exited the business. On the other hand there are a number of people who are recognizing that the spreads, consistent with what Larry just mentioned, are levels that frankly none of us have seen in a long period of time. We are finding that those investors that are better capitalized are certainly interested in lending and looking for opportunities. So I think that while at times you will find that people will be a bit cautious as they try to evaluate whats going on within the market, the bottom line in there is theres still an active lending market especially for I would say the higher profile better capitalized lower leveraged customers. You cant get the same level of leverage that you could get a few years ago. Frankly you cant get what you could get 12 months ago. So on hotel lending youre probably looking more in the 50% to 55% range instead of 75% to 80%. But theres still a market out there. Its just gotten a bit more expensive.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: You touched a little bit on the acquisition and kind of your outlook for fiscal year 09 and 10 and when youd start purchasing. In terms of the market right now, are there people actively out there bidding on these properties and where is pricing right now if you were to gauge where that was?
Larry K. Harvey: There are people out there bidding. There is a mark although having said that, it certainly does seem to take a while for any transaction to close. In terms of where things are being priced today, I think youre finding that its at the top end of the market where the bulk of our portfolio sits. If cap rates a year and a half ago were probably in the mid-to-high 6s, today theyre roughly in the mid-7s. I think theres some risk that that could deteriorate a little bit further, but that generally seems to be when you see real activity around the property, its probably in that range. If you look at assets that might be more suburban hotels or might be airport and full-service hotels, back a year and a half ago that would have been in the upper 7s type cap rate. Today youre probably somewhere around the 9 to 9.5 depending on the asset and the outlook.
W. Edward Walter: So quickly, pricing has deteriorated is from a cap rate perspective and I think thats not surprising given whats happened with the cost of financing and volatility.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: You touched on replacement costs for the portfolio on prior calls. Just given what weve seen in commodity prices backing up as of late, where is the replacement cost for the portfolio would you estimate?
W. Edward Walter: Despite some of the weakness weve seen in the overall economic environment, we have not seen any reduction in construction costs so far. I think youre finding that youre getting more people to bid on projects so I think that will help restrain cost increases. But I think as we will look at the value of our portfolio from a replacement cost perspective, wed still be right around $340,000 to $350,000 a key. I dont know where the stock is at this minute, but I know walking into this room based upon yesterdays closing price I think we were trading around $160,000 to $165,000 a key. So thats a pretty good delta.
Operator: Our last question comes from Amanda Bryant - Merrill Lynch.
Amanda Bryant - Merrill Lynch: What if any changes have you seen on the supply side of the equation in your particular market since you last updated us three months ago? Essentially are there any projects under construction that have come to a screeching halt?
W. Edward Walter: I dont know that theres a lot thats come to a screeching halt yet but my sense in talking with our team about whats going to happen on the supply side is that completions this year are probably going to come in a little bit short of what we thought before, that projects are being delayed. Thats a natural response in this type of an environment. So I think supply competitive with our portfolio is going to probably be closer to slightly more than 1% this year. The outlook for next year is probably still consistent with our prior expectation which was around 2%. And I think the part were really trying to get a better handle on is whats going to happen in 2010 because I have to believe your assumption that the financial market volatility, the operating condition volatility, has got to lead to less construction in 2010. Its clearly coming down from the 2009 level and I suspect that if a projects not started and not well along at this point, its going to be reconsidered.
Operator: I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ed Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
W. Edward Walter: Thank you for joining us on this call today. We have appreciated the opportunity to discuss our third quarter results and outlook with you, and we look forward to talking to you following the close of 2008. Have a great weekend and lets hope its a quiet one for a change.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Larson - EVP, Corporate Strategy and Fund Management Ed Walter - President and CEO Larry Harvey - EVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers David Loeb - Robert W. Baird Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities Nap Overton - Morgan Keegan William Truelove - UBS Patrick Scholes - FBR Capital Markets Smedes Rose - KBW
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts second quarter call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under Federal Securities Laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed. We are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information, together with reconciliations, to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release, and our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at hosthotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our second quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for the reminder of 2008. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our second quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. Now here is Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Given the challenging economic trend we have seen recently, we are pleased to report solid results for the quarter, that are generally consistent with our expectations. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the quarter increased 1.7%, driven by a 2.6% increase in average room rate, which was partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 0.7 percentage point. Food and beverage revenues at are comparable hotels increased 2.5%, with significant growth again coming from the Orlando World Center Marriott. Overall, comparable revenues increased by 1.9% for the quarter. Despite sub-inflationary RevPAR growth, comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins decreased by just 20 basis points for the quarter. The adjusted EBITDA of Host Hotels and Resorts LP for the quarter was $419 million, which represented a decrease of $3 million for the second quarter of 2007. Our FFO per diluted share for the second quarter was $0.56, but that was at the high end of our guidance and exceeded the consensus estimates by a penny. On the year-to-date basis, comparable RevPAR increased 2% and F&B revenues were up 3.1%. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA was $680 million that match last years total and FFO was $0.89 per share. In analyzing what was happening in our business over the last three periods and especially the last six to eight weeks, it has become clear that the various pressure points in the overall economy are combining to depress lodging demand. When we last spoke in April, we were not seeing any acceleration of weakness in our transient and leisure business, nor in our group bookings or group cancellation rate. However since May, we are seeing increased weakness in both our group and transient segments. Although we are clearly are still being impacted by our considerable construction program in certain markets even after adjusting for the impact of that disruptions, we experienced weaker demand in the quarter, which resulted in a reduction in our occupancy rate of about 70 basis points to 76.5%. In Q2, the decline was generally attributable to weakness in our transient segment, as we experienced a reduction in room nights of over 3.5%, which was only partially offset by an increase in average rate of over 1.5%. The decrease in demand was most prominent in our higher-rated corporate and special corporate segments due to the slowdown in business travel in many of our markets, which accelerated meaningfully in May and June dropping 8% overall for the quarter. We were able to offset only some of this decline with lower-rated business. Tracking the trends we saw earlier in the year, leisure demand, especially on the weekends continue to be soft. Given the various pressures that consumers take, we expect our leisure business will further weaken throughout the remainder of the year. We also anticipate that corporate travel will continue to decline as businesses seek to cut cost to further limit profit deterioration. Overall, our Group business performed well compared to last year as group room nights were up 2% for the quarter and the average rate increased by a solid 4%. The net result was a 6% increase in Group revenues. However, this did fall slightly short of our forecast, as short-term group pick-up in the quarter fail to meet our expectations. As we look out over the remainder of the year, our booking pace from a rooms perspective has turned slightly negative especially in the third quarter. This represents a combination of reduced bookings over the last 90 days and assessment that attendance level at booked events will likely decline. We have also seen a slight increase in cancellations and remain concerned that this trend could accelerate. Group revenues for the second half of the year are still riding slightly ahead of last year's. We are encouraging our operators to be very realistic in assessing group attendance, as we intend to be very proactive in filling these rooms with alternate customers. On the strategic front, we are pleased to announce that early in the second quarter, a European joint venture purchased the 270-room Crowne Plaza Hotel Amsterdam City Centre for 72 million Euros. The hotel is in a prime location in the centre of the city, close to the train station and to the central district shops, museums and restaurants. The acquisition was financed to the loan of approximately 53 million euros at an interest rate under 6%. The loan provide the joint venture with the option to borrow up to 12 million euros, an additional proceeds to fund renovation, which we expect will total approximately 17 million euros. This brings the joint ventures investment to over 1.1 billion euros in 11 properties representing over 3500 rooms. On the domestic front, we completed the sale of the Sheraton Suites Tampa Airport hotel for $23.5 million and expect to complete the sale of our Sacramento hotel in the third quarter. We continue to work on additional assets sales, which could totaled, as much as $150 million for the year. However, the current state of the credit market continues to post challenges for buyers in obtaining financing, and therefore makes it difficult to predict the likelihood or timing of disposition. While we are continuing to evaluate potential domestic acquisition, we are not optimistic that we will identify transactions to satisfy our return target. So, we would guide you to not include any acquisitions in your analysis for 2008. We intent to be opportunistic, as the market place evolves. Looking at our capital investment program, we are very pleased with the progress we are making and the impact on our results. Our new ballroom in the Orlando World Center Marriott is an extraordinary success and has vaulted that property into a market leadership position. Bookings to this hotel increased over 17% in 2008, and by an additional 5% in 2009. In mid June, we completed the construction of the new 26,000 square foot Atrium Ballroom at our Atlanta Marriott Marquis hotel, which concludes the property's 80 plus million repositioning project. In addition to the ballroom, the hotel has 9600 square feet of new breakout space and three new reconstructed food and beverage outlet. We are already seeing positive response to the repositioning as booking pace is up by almost 10% for the remainder of the year, and more than 13% in 2009. Finally, we have added 8300 square feet of meeting space at our San Francisco Marriott hotel in connection with the lobby and F&B repositioning of that asset. The booking pays for this hotel are up over 20% for the remainder of the year, and 25% for the first half of 2009. For the quarter, we completed approximately 160 million of projects, building our year-to-date total to 310 million. We continue to expect to spend approximately 640 to 660 million in total for the year. Finally, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of our common stock for approximately $37 million during the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, our share purchases totaled 4.35 million shares for approximately $72 million. Our stock represents an incredible value given that we are currently trading at a per key valuation of approximately 180,000 versus a replacement cost valuation of approximately 350,000 per key, and at an EBITDA multiple of about 8.25 based on the midpoint of the earnings guidance we are about to discuss. As we have said previously, additional stock repurchases for the remainder of the year will depend on the conditions in the equity debt and disposition market as well as other opportunities we may have to invest our capital. Now, let me spend some time on our outlook for the remainder of 2008. As we have already discussed, we have seen demand weaken in both the group and transient segments of our business. The combination of these trends and the continued deterioration in the economy has altered our outlook for the second half of the year. While we had anticipated a significant slowdown in economic growth for 2008, due to the housing market, as well as the financial credit crisis and rising energy prices, we initially anticipated that the majority of the decline would be captured in the first half of the year, before moderating and paving the way for a gradual second half recovery, helped in part by external events such as the economics stimulus package and continued reduction of interest rates by the Feds. Unfortunately, as we are all well aware, the issues confronting the credit markets have not abated and it now appears that we are caught in a prolonged slowdown that will last through the end of 2008 and likely into 2009. This January consensus forecast for the second half of the year for GDP consumer spending and business investments, all key drivers of lodging demand have been reduced by approximately 50% and the outlook for 2009 has deteriorated as well. In addition, corporate profits were previously expected to increase in the second half of the year, but are now expected to decline. Price of oil had reached an all-time high and spikes in the price of commodities that could increase pressure on consumers. We have also began to witness the decrease in airline capacity due to rise in fuel cost, which will likely affect lodging demand, especially with respect to price sensitive leisure business. These and other cost pressures are forcing both individual and businesses to restrain their travel spending. As a result of these trying economic fundamentals we have already thought of revising our estimate downward for the reminder of the year. We generally expect that the second half of the year will reflect negative RevPAR growth, which results in a full year estimate that ranges between -1% to 1%. In this weaker operating environment, combined with higher inflationary cost pressures, we expect hotel adjusted operating profit margins to decline between 75 and 125 basis points for our comparable hotel. Based on these assumptions we are reducing our guidance for FFO per diluted share for the year to a $1.75 to $1.85. Adjusted EBITDA of Host LP is expected to be between $1.375 billion and $1.425 billion. We continue to expect to declare a fixed $0.20 per share common dividend each quarter and based on our revised guidance, expect the special dividend paid in January, will be in the range of $0.15 to $0.20 per share, resulting in a full year dividend of $0.95 to $1.00. In summary, we are pleased with our second quarter results but expect the remainder of the year to be challenging. We are intensely focused on our asset management activities, with the clear goal of containing cost as demand weakens. Our investment approach remains highly disciplined with the goal of maximizing our returns on every dollar invested and with the intent of enhancing our existing assets and exploring our options in international market, while domestic pricing remains unattractive. Thank you. Now, let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating financial performance for the quarter in more detail.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPAR results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our resort convention hotels performed their best during the second quarter with RevPAR growth of 2%, led by strong growth at the Orlando World Center Marriott. RevPAR for our urban hotels increased 1.7% led by our Boston properties, while RevPAR at our airport hotels increased by 1.8%, and our suburban hotel RevPAR increased by 1.2%. Turning to our regional results; the New England region continued to outperform, with RevPAR growth of 6%, as our Boston hotels performed exceptionally well, due to very strong group bookings at citywide. In particular, RevPAR growth for the Hyatt Cambridge and Sheraton Boston exceeded 13% and 11% respectively. As we previously discussed, the New England region and Boston in particular will have a weaker third quarter, due to fewer city-wide and softening leisure demand. The Florida region also had a strong quarter with RevPAR growth of 4.4% driven by the gain at Orland World Center Marriott. The new exhibit hall and ballroom space that opened in the fourth quarter of last year continues to drive both group bookings and rates. The Florida region will have a weaker second half of the year due to a significant amount of business disruption with three properties under room renovations and a storage construction for ballroom addition at the Harbor Beach Marriott and The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island. Our DC Metro region, has RevPAR growth of 1.8%, rebounding from a weak first quarter because of four hotels under renovation. Our downtown hotels outperformed particularly the JW Marriott and the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill each with RevPAR growth in excess of 7%. Our suburban DC properties underperformed because of weaker transient business and lower short-term group demand. We expect the rest of the year to play out that way with the downtown hotels generally continuing to perform well, although the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill will be under renovation and the suburban hotels continue to struggle. Overall, RevPAR growth for our Pacific region was 0.5% for the quarter. However, results vary by market. The Los Angeles market continued its strong performance with RevPAR up over 8% due to excellent transient and group demand. The San Diego market also had a good quarter with RevPAR up 3% driven by the San Diego Marina Marriott. On the other hand, RevPAR for our Hawaiian properties declined 5% because of lower leisure transient demand. We expect that trend to continue into the second half of the year due to rising fuel costs and lower airline travel in Hawaii. As anticipated, the San Francisco market was weaker in the second quarter due to lower group demand at the San Francisco Moscone. Overall, we expect the San Francisco market to rebound strongly in the third quarter driven by increased city-wide and favorable year-over-year comparison, as two hotels were under renovation in the third quarter of 2007. We also expect the Seattle market to have a good quarter, while the Los Angeles and San Diego markets will have a weaker third quarter due to softening transient demand and lower group demand. The Mid-Atlantic region had an interesting quarter with RevPAR growth of just 0.2%. RevPAR growth for our New York properties was limited to 1.3%, as the renovations of the New York Marriott Downtown and the W New York affected the second quarter. Excluding those two hotels RevPAR growth would have been 5.8% for the quarter. We expect the third quarter to be better because of strong group booking needs, during lead times solid international leisure transient business although the W New York will still be under renovation in the third quarter. RevPAR for our Philadelphia properties declined 3.6% due to fewer city-wide and weaker group bookings. The Philadelphia market will continue to struggle due to fewer city-wide and group bookings, and a significant decrease in leisure demand because of the departure of the King Tut exhibit, which drove a substantial amount of demand in 2007. As expected, Atlanta had a weak second quarter as RevPAR decreased to 5.6%. The poor performance was driven by weak group bookings, lower transient demand and a very disruptive room renovation at The Ritz-Carlton Buckhead. While we anticipated Atlanta would rebound in the third quarter. At this point, we expected to continue to perform poorly, as the group and transient booking pace is lagging, and The Ritz-Carlton Buckhead room renovations continues during the third quarter. The South Central region also performed fully in the second quarter with RevPAR declining 0.7%. Performance varies by market. Houston had a very good quarter with RevPAR up nearly 6% due to strong group bookings. The market was led by the JW Marriott, which had RevPAR growth an excess of 14%. Results would have even better, but the St. Regis, Houston had a rooms renovation during the quarter. Results in San Antonio were particularly weak, as RevPAR fell by over 6%, primarily due to the opening of the Grand Hyatt and renovations at the San Antonio Riverwalk Marriott. We expect the San Antonio and Houston markets to perform poorly in the third quarter due to the continued renovations and a weaker group booking pace in Houston. As one who has traveled in this region, I should mention that the New Orleans Marriott is not in our comparable hotel set. We continue to see improved signs of light in this market, as RevPAR increased over 30% for the quarter. We expect the property will continue to perform exceptionally well in the third quarter. Year-to-date, the international region has been our best with RevPAR growth of 22.6% in US dollars, primarily driven by the weak dollar and strong growth in our Chilean assets and the Calgary and Toronto Eaton Centre Marriott followed by the New England region, which RevPAR growth of 7.2%. The North Central region with the RevPAR decline of 4%, in the Orlando region with the decline of 2.4% have been our weakest performers. Our European joint venture had a weaker quarter with RevPAR calculated in euros, increasing by 1.5%, as several properties were undergoing renovations. If calculated in US dollars, RevPAR was up by 18%. On a year-to-date basis, RevPAR calculated in euros increased 3.1% and increased 18.7% in US dollars. For Westin Palace, Madrid, the Renaissance Brussels and the Marriott Brussels outperformed in both the quarter and year-to-date periods. For the quarter adjusted operating profit margins for our comp hotels decreased by 20 basis points, which represents solid performance given that RevPAR growth was below inflation. Food and beverage flow through was excellent due to the growth in banquet and audio-visual business, resulting in a 60 basis point improvement in comparable hotel adjusted food and beverage margins. Wages and benefits increased by roughly 3% and unallocated grew by 4.3% for the quarter.  As anticipated real estate taxes increased by 7.9% as assessed evaluations continued to catch up with increases in property values. Utility costs increased 7% for the quarter. We expect natural gas and other energy costs to remain high throughout the rest of the year. On a positive note, property insurance cost decreased nearly 20% reflecting the successful renewal of our property insurance plan. Year-to-date our comparable adjusted operating profit margins had decreased by 30 basis points. For the rest of the year, we expect margins to come under pressure in addition to the expected increase in utility cost, we expect margins to be affected by decline in food and beverage revenues particularly in the more profitable business such as banquet and audio-visual and in overall increase in food cost. Every hotel we owned has implemented some level of contingency plan, and roughly 20% of our hotels are at the highest level. We are proactively working with our managers to right size the work force to the amount of business being generated and have implemented the series of additional cost cutting measures such as eliminating the discretionary spending, not filling vacant positions, modifying restaurant outlet operation hours, intervening in implementation of room standards. As we discussed in the first quarter earnings call, we entered into a $165 million term loan that was an add-on to our $600 million credit facility. Subsequent to the earning calls, we closed on an additional $45 million under the term loan with two vendors outside of our bank group, increasing the overall size of loan to $210 million. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 175 basis points. The proceeds from the term loan were used to repay the $100 million draw under the credit facility that was made after of the end of the first quarter and to supplement our cash position.   In addition, during the quarter, we closed on the refinancing of the $208 million mortgage on the Orlando World Center Marriott. This loan was our only refinancing obligation in 2008. The new loan is a non-amortizing $300 million mortgage that bears interest at LIBOR plus 350 basis points. The loan matures in July 2011, and we have the option to extend for two, one-year periods upon the satisfaction of an interest coverage test. The excess loan proceeds of $90 million will be used for general corporate purposes. We finished the quarter with $505 million of cash and we currently have $600 million of available capacity on the credit facility. Due to the level of disruption in the credit markets, we are maintaining additional cash- on-hand for working capital purposes. Turning to our third quarter guidance, we expect comparable hotel RevPAR to be down 2% to 4% for the quarter due to lower group bookings, less short-term group pickup and softer leisure demand, as well as a difficult year-over-year comparison, since the third quarter of 2007 was our strongest quarter of the year with RevPAR growth of 7.2%. We are forecasting that FFO per diluted share will be in the range of $0.27 to $0.29 per share for the third quarter. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Celeste Brown at Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning.
Ed Walter: How are you doing?
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Good. Just first on your guidance, and maybe I am understand it wrong here. It looks like you are implying a potential for RevPAR to be positive in the fourth quarter, is that because of group business or is that now what is implied in the fourth quarter number?
Ed Walter: It depends a little bit upon what your perspective is on what happened in the third quarter, and how you had got to the plus 1 scenario. I would say overall, we expect RevPAR to be negative in the second half of the year. We do think that there are some opportunities for the fourth quarter to be better than the third quarter, which I think you correctly surmised. Those would come from a combination of the fact that the group bookings for the fourth quarter are stronger.  We also had much more construction disruption in 2007 in the fourth quarter, and so we are optimistic that having more of those rooms available for customers will ultimately result in slightly better occupancies and consequently better RevPAR in Q4. So, a lot that is going to depend ultimately on, due to the trends that we are seeing from a standpoint of weaker corporate business and slower group pickup, do they accelerate further into the fourth quarter, or having stepped down a bit in the May/June period, do we remain at that level going forward through the rest of the year?
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then, given the contingency plans you have implemented at your hotels, what RevPAR do you need to maintain your margins?
Ed Walter: I think at this point we probably assume that we need to be in the mid-3 range, probably about 3.5 in order to maintain block margins.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Woronka at Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning.
Ed Walter: Okay, Chris.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Could you maybe give us some guidance on how much of your group bookings for either full-year '08, or maybe just first-half '08 were booked in prior years?
Ed Walter: Chris, could you repeat that for some reason you are breaking up as we try to hear that.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Could you maybe give us a little bit of guidance on what percentage of your group bookings for either full year '08 or its just first half '08 were booked in prior years?
Ed Walter: I would say that if you look at the year roughly about three quarters of our group room nights were on the books when we started the year. If you look at what is left for the year a slightly more than 90% of our full year group bookings either have occurred or on the books.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that is helpful. Also in terms of thinking about the contingency plans and the cost cuts, where is your low hanging fruit, if you already gotten that out of the way in the second quarter. I mean, how harder does it get to be, to continue to cut costs without significantly impacting the revenue side?
Larry Harvey:  You know each of these contingency plans happen on a property-by-property basis and they are always tied to the level of business that you are seeing at the individual hotel. So, things like closing F&B outlet and adjusting other levels of staffing will be implemented in a more severe form, if you begin to see occupancy decline at a more severe rate. So, I think that I would say overall I would not view it as the coincidence by any means that the full impact of our contingency plans has already been felt and implemented. The way these tend to work, they worst it gets the more that we implemented. So I think weve captured that in the margin guidance that weve given you. However, I do not think that by any means we fully exhausted the benefits from those plans.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Can I just clarify the first data point you gave us you said 90% of your room nights that were booked in prior years for '08 are already happened or
Ed Walter: Struck. No, what I was trying to say is that at this point in the year, 90% of our group room nights either have occurred because we are halfway through the year or are on the books.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Ed Walter: So, 10% of our group business, it is really less than that. It is really closer to 8% of our group business for the full year remains to be booked.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that is helpful. Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Felicia Hendrix at Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to talk about your the special dividend that you reduced, which is clearly understandable given the state of things right now. Wondering though if we should be concerned at all about any risk to your regular dividend? Wondering if you could help us understand at what RevPAR levels do you start reassessing your dividend goal?
Larry Harvey: I would say as it relates to our normal $0.20 per quarter dividend there you should not be worried about that at all. Number one, weve taxable income. We expect taxable income to be well in excess of that for this year. Consequently, we will be required to distribute that. In fact, we are capturing that taxable income also in our special dividend. Looking forward, I think you have to see a very draconian decline in RevPAR and in EBITDA before we will reconsider the dividend. As weve discussed in the past, the structure that we created a few years ago, when we reinstituted our divided it was designed to put us in a position, where we could give investors a fair degree of comfort that we will be paying that is $0.20 per quarter dividend going forward. I do not see a scenario today that would suggest we will not be able to maintain that.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Then just wondering if you could give us an overview obviously they have deteriorated, but where are you seeing cap rates now?
Ed Walter: We know that continues to be one of the most challenging questions in our business because its difficult to actually get comparable that one can evaluate that would confirm your sense, that pricing should be going down a bit. I think everybody was talking at the NYU Conference about the sale that happened out in California by Sunstone and clearly the multiple on that was quite strong and so as an indication of where high profile top colleague properties would sell as an owner it was somewhat comforting to see the evaluations would be at that level. Having said that, knowing what happened in the financial markets and really applying some of that to and probably also capturing some reduced expectations for the next 18 to 24 months, as people trying to look at what is going to happen. I think you have to assume, that if we would have said and did say a couple of quarters ago, the top part of our portfolio, the bulk of our portfolio would probably range between 6.5 and 7.5. We do think that those cap rates have modified a bit, we are probably think more in terms of a range of 7 to 7.5. I probably guess to that if you look at the assets that we are selling, will probably be in a similar 25 to 50 basis point increase in cap rates for those types of assets.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That is really helpful. Thank you. Just a final question on the renovations that you have remaining for this year and even maybe some that you have that you can talk about for next year. Can you just walk us through the status of those, so weve a better idea of how to model that?
Ed Walter: You mean in terms of the timing of the cash flows?
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Well, just in terms of when the timing of the completion of the renovations and where they are?
Ed Walter: I mean, that we are spending as much money as we are spending those are hitting at all various times that over the course of the year. The larger one in Orlando obviously we talked about was finished at the end of last year, Atlanta just finished. I think Chicago, which is another big meeting space addition is not due to finish until the middle of the next year. As I say that is probably in terms of the big meeting space addition that is probably the timing for those.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Okay, that is helpful. Thanks a lot.
Ed Walter: Thanks. 
Operator: We will go to our next question from David Loeb at Baird.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird: Hi. Just to hit the cap rates again. At earlier, you talked about valuation, in terms of EBITDA multiple replacement cost. It looks like the market is implying a cap rate that is well north of nine, maybe close to ten. What do you think about the difference between that and your current share pricing, how does that affect your buyback analysis?
Larry Harvey: Yes, David. I think we would agree with your assessment that if you look at current numbers right now, it would suggest that we are being valued at close to a 10 cap. I think that only would confirm in our minds the opportunity that exists in buying our stock and its one of the reasons why as we look at our investment program for the year. You heard us indicate that we were less optimistic about investing in assets in the US and more optimistic about the prospects of buying our stock. I also think a part of what you have got there is a dislocation still between where the private market is valuing the assets and where the public market is valuing company.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird: Does that mean you are going to be substantially more aggressive in buybacks or at least considering that?
Larry Harvey: No, I would think, I mean. At the end of the day, right now, I think it hard for anybody to be confident in the overall economic outlook. So, I think that we would still stand by the comment we made, description that weve used for most of this year, with respect to the stock buyback program that we would approach it in a measured way. The way the year has played out frankly, confirmed the intelligence of that strategy in my mind. I think, as we look more broadly at what we are trying to do to deal with this environment, we start with being focused on making certain, that we are maintaining appropriate levels of liquidity, because while we are in excellent shape right now, and I think weve done a great job of that I think that it is incumbent upon all of us right now in periods like this, of uncertainty, to at least start by focusing on that. I think we want to continue to invest in our core portfolio. We think that by continuing to position our assets, we will end up in a scenario where, as when we ultimately recover, you know that we will, we want to be in a position to be even in a better and stronger competitor than we already are. That when you go to the next step, which is, investing outside your portfolio, you really look at what are the opportunities internationally, what are the opportunities to buy our stock and, and select intelligently among those alternatives, with recognizing that in the case of some of the opportunities to invest internationally, we are building some businesses that we think down the road will contribute meaningfully to the FFO.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird: Okay. One other topic, in your prepared remarks it sounded like you were seeing some of the impact of reduced airlift. Any thoughts on how big an impact that particular piece is on your third and fourth quarter numbers?
Ed Walter: It is hard to isolate that particular issue alone, as you look at the Q3 and Q4 numbers. I would say, as we assessed the likely impact of that, weve had the opportunity to look at some analysis that weve done that suggested that as you get into October you are probably looking at an overall reduction in capacity that is in the 6 to 7 range. It feels like the absolute level of capacity reduction you are going to run into in the major market for most of our hotels are we are, will short of that. So, we suspect that the real impact of the travel, the capacity restrictions will not be that heavy on our business or any hotel. The leisure side is where we are more concerned. It is clear that what the airlines are trying to do with their entire capacity restriction program is really they have reduced their reliance on trying to fill planes with lower-priced customers. Consequently push rates up by raising their overall average rate. That is clearly hitting at leisure. A lot of their l capacity reductions have been targeted at major leisure markets. So that, that would include Orlando and for us that would include Hawaii. Weve anticipated a fairly significant deterioration for Hawaii for the rest of the year, in part because of those capacity reductions.
David Loeb - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jeff Donnelly of Wachovia Securities.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Hi, good morning, Ed.
Ed Walter: Good morning.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities:  I know you have not given guidance for 2009 and I do not expect you to, but there is so much speculation right now in the marketplace and some within the industry that, hotels could see 5% or perhaps greater declines in RevPAR next year. I am curious if there are rates of RevPAR growth or decline that is striking personally as improbable, meaning that if you had to a wide range today for what the industry could face next year. Where would you put that lower band of RevPAR growth? Can you give us a sense?
Ed Walter:  Jeff, it is hard to try to do that right now. There have been enough changes over the six to eight weeks in 2008. Trying to project that out to '09 is difficult. What I would say about '09, and I do not think this will surprise people.  The primary thing that is going to determine what happens in '09 is, what is going to happen from the standpoint of GDP growth in the overall health of the economy and I think that is obviously since that drives logic demand, that is going to be critical. We are concerned as we look at '09 that the consensus forecast for '09 appear to have deteriorated since the beginning of this year especially on the business investment side that does not make us particularly optimistic about demand growth in the beginning part of '09. We are also a little bit concerned about the fact supply is going to be slightly higher in '09 than in '08. Now the reality is the level of supply in '09, compared to our portfolio, compared to our market, it is slightly more than 2% is still at or below the long-term average for supply. So, in the long run it does not really represent a big problem. However, I think in the short run, looking at 09, that is not a positive factor. The other side of that though is that, we are still seeing fairly decent group bookings for next year. The pace in our room nights, perspective is matching up with where we were at this time last year, which is good and the rate is up in the 3.5 range. So, if we were to project at this minute, we will be anticipating that weve higher group revenues next year than we had this year. Those group bookings represent about half of the overall group room nights that we are going to have for next year. So, the current are not overly favorable some of the smaller data points like the group bookings are not as bad as you might think. I think, we are going to be obviously look at real carefully at that and we will do our best to give you some better insight into that, that will probably be more satisfying come October.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Maybe building on that, where on your experience, do you think the industry begins to loose pricing power at least they no longer able to get positive rate go, do you have a sense of where that occupancy level is? Maybe related to that, do you have a gut sense of where in the next twelve months that the change in the number of, if I call, sellout nights in the industry, where you tend to get disproportionate profits on a given night?
Larry Harvey:  As it relates to overall occupancy levels, it seems to me, as we went through the last downturn and then we went though the recovery. It was for our portfolio and I really only can assess it from that standpoint. For our portfolio, what we typically found is that weve got much below 72%, 73%. We would start to run against the challenges in trying to maintain pricing. We are still above that level at this point. However, we are obviously getting closer to it as we work our way through this year. The second part of your question, again was?
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Just pertaining to, if you had a sense of the change in the number of sellout nights that you are facing in your portfolio?
Larry Harvey: I do not know that I have any real good data points on that. The one insight I could throw out relative to that though that we will suggest so far that has been holding up is that if we look at where our weakness in actual occupancy turned out to be. It was on the weekends. During the week, we continue to maintain the same level of occupancy that we did last year. Weekends are where we seem to be suffering a bit more and I suspect if that is also where we had more troubles maintaining pricing.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Just one last question is I know your shares are down 50% in the past year and some of the peers or I should say but some of your peers are seeing their prices fall 70% to 80%. I know it is premature, but Host has a pretty good balance sheet. Where does acquisition activity fall in your mind right now and when do you think that might actually come back on the radar screen, is it six months, is it 12 months or is it just, it is hard to say?
Larry Harvey: I would answer you consistent with the way I answered part of David's question is acquisition activities were always on our screen because we are always paying attention to what is available in the market. Having said that, when your stock is at the price that our stock is at, you need to be comfortable that there are a fairly great returns coming out of a particular individual acquisition in order to pursue that as opposed to buying back stock. I suspect that what we will see as you normally do in a market, is that as we work our way through the next year and a half, we will ultimately see pricing on the part of sellers become more realistic from a buyer's perspective, and as the economic outlook changes and the prospects for better growth begin to become more apparent, you will also find it is easier for a purchaser to justify an acquisition. However, I think it is going to take a little while before that happens and I suspect it will certainly take in sometime into next year. As it relates to other broader corporate acquisitions, which is I think part of what you were hinting out with your question, you know that is something that weve typically not focused on. Weve done a couple of larger acquisitions in our history, but the way we generally built the company is one asset at a time. I would not see that as a priority for us.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nap Overton at Morgan Keegan.
Nap Overton - Morgan Keegan: Yes, my questions have been addressed. Thank you.
Ed Walter: Okay.
Operator: We will go next to William Truelove at UBS.
William Truelove - UBS: Hey, good morning.
Ed Walter: Good morning
William Truelove - UBS: So, getting back to cap rates and asset evaluations, where your stock is. If you are saying that generally you think you give 7 to 7.5% is the credit cap, do you think that was correct. I just want to be sure that you think generally that is the correct cap rate, given the current financing environment?
Ed Walter: Well no, I am not saying that necessarily represents the right cap rate for us is the buyer. What I am probably giving you a little bit more of a feel for is, based upon what we are seeing. When we try to estimate where transactions are happening that probably is the best indication that we can come up with per value given the limited amount of data that is out here.
William Truelove - UBS: For your portfolio its specifically right.
Ed Walter: Yes.
William Truelove - UBS: Yes. So then if there is such a differential, are you moving more aggressively in finding additional assets to sell to be more aggressive on share repurchases. So, you could use more money faster that way then buying, because obviously you just said you do not want to buy a large portfolio of assets and I would agree with you that is very risky. However, could you not more aggressively sell your assets to repurchase stock?
Ed Walter: I would agree with you that, that represents an intriguing opportunity for us and that weve been in the market attempting to sell assets on a consistent basis. Weve been an active seller of assets over the last five years. Weve seen a slow down in the ability our people to complete transaction that really goes back to last fall. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we are hoping that there is $150 million plus or minus worth of transactions that we are working on. I hope that all of that closes and certainly to redeploying those proceeds and just buying back stock would be an attractive option. That is because I think they based on where we are currently priced, we would be buying our own company at a better multiple than where we would be selling. However, it is just hard to get them done right now. I think that while there certainly are interested buyers in the market and people are actively working those transactions. The ability to pull together their debt and their equity financing in that turbulent environment has proven very complex.
William Truelove - UBS: Okay so it is fair to say your increasing your activity on the sell side is just been hard to getting closed, right?
Ed Walter: We are increasing. I would say that we are continuing to work hard at getting sales done and then we hope that we are in a position to actually report additional sale.
William Truelove - UBS: Right and then one last question then, giving thoughts again on margins, or going back to time we haven't heard since maybe the 90's, talk about your RevPAR, the EBITDA multiplier effect. What used to be sometimes like a 2 times, or probably a 100 basis points change in RevPAR, there is 200 basis points in, or 2% change in EBITDA. Given the contingency plans that you see in place by your operators, is there a multiplier effect, that you feel might be a reasonable one, is it 2 times, is it 1.5? What do you think is a reasonable way of thinking about the going-forward approach, given that you know the contingency plans in place of your operators?
Ed Walter: I know that in the past the industry has defaulted those rules at times, in order to make things a little bit easier to assess. The tricky thing of course is that, especially with a portfolio like ours, it becomes a lot more complex in just where RevPAR is because food and beverage is a big part of our overall profitability, is a big part of our overall revenue stream. So, there is a lot going on within it. Somewhere in that two times area, maybe a little bit more is probably not a bad rough measure. In fact, that is what you chose to use. However, I think, typically the way we assess it, is more to look at what is actually happening with margins, make some assumptions with respect to margins and let that carry out. Because there just are so many moving parts right now in the overall machine, it is just a safer way to try to look at it.
William Truelove - UBS: All right, thanks so much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Patrick Scholes at FBR Capital Markets.
Patrick Scholes - FBR Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. With your third quarter RevPAR expected to decline between two and 4% and you implied fourth quarter basically flat range, what are your expectations for your year-over-year change in incentive management fee payout for those quarters?
Larry Harvey: I would say overall if you looked at what we expect to see happen in incentive management fees for the year that we are expecting them to be relatively flat for the full year, it probably means they go down marginally in the second half of the year.
Patrick Scholes - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. Then just touching on what is your target leverage ratio. Is it still around approximately 3.5, 4 times?
Larry Harvey: Leverage meeting our
Patrick Scholes - FBR Capital Markets: Debt to EBITDA?
Larry Harvey: Debt to EBITDA I think we probably, we would be comfortable being at a higher level of leverage than that.
Patrick Scholes - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. So,
Larry Harvey: I think we would probably, will be comfortable. We tend to look more at coverage frankly than we do at leverage. I think weve generally this year we are in the high threes in terms of coverage EBITDA and interest coverage. We would be comfortable being at three maybe slightly below.
Patrick Scholes - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. One last question, it looks like in international you did 22% year-over-year RevPAR and same-store RevPAR, excluding foreign exchange what would that have been?
Larry Harvey: It was roughly half so around 11%.
Patrick Scholes - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. That is it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Smedes Rose at KBW.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Hi, thanks. You have answered most of my questions. However, I just wanted to ask you in your guidance for EBITDA the distribution received from equity investment it looks like its going down, is that mostly reflection of your European joint venture and does that include the contribution from the Amsterdam Hotel bought by that JV and I guess any more color on why that would be going down with the inclusion of that hotel now?
Ed Walter: Hold on one second Smedes, Larry just maybe certainly looking for same thing you asked.
Larry Harvey: I think the equity distributions we are taking are an adjustment in our forecast as well. You are looking at the full year?
Smedes Rose - KBW: Yes. I mean looking at your full year guidance and the change from the guidance as of the first quarter, it looks like, it is about $5 million decline and I would just, is that mostly the European asset, the contribution for you and?
Ed Walter: It is also some timing on our Asian investments. Weve now pushed those back. So, it is a combination of both.
Smedes Rose - KBW: So, your underlying assumptions for the European assets are in line with where they were or is it fair to say that international properties are starting to see some of the same falloff as the US properties?
Ed Walter: Weve seen, I would say, as Larry described when he went through what was going on with RevPAR in Europe. The pace in the second quarter there was slower than it had been in the first quarter and so we are seeing some decline in Europe compared to where the budgets were. The decline compared to the budgets is not as extreme as what weve seen in the States. I think you saw a little bit of that is being reflected there.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Okay. Then, the only thing I wanted to ask you, have you seen, when you look at the supply growth in your markets presumably things scheduled to come on line in '09 or out of the ground and are going to open. However, are you seeing or hearing of cancellations or things getting stretched out due to lack of financing further out?
Larry Harvey: We are just clearly seeing that. I mean even as I looked at some updated numbers for what was going to happen this year. I noticed the other day that the expectation for completions in '08 is following the pattern that weve seen over the last three years, whereas you work your way through the quarter, whatever the starting point is, it seems to drop by a quarter to 35 basis points, a quarter of 1% to 35 basis points off, by the time we get towards the end of the year. So, I am seeing the number for '08 decline. I think that right now some of that is sliding into '09, but at the same time I think you are seeing some assumptions with respect to some of the '09 completions become extended. As you look out at '10, we see based upon what under construction at this point in time, which is the only thing that I think you can really count on being delivered, we see a material drop off in supply in 2010. Our estimate right now, it would probably be roughly 1%, and it would not surprise me given the overall outlook if that even fall further. So, I think that as you think about fundamentals for our industry and you look out past 2009 that clearly is one of the plus points. Frankly, thinking about the fact that the '09 supply is slightly over two for our market, would end up being the high point in this cycle is, as I mentioned earlier I think quite a plus in thinking about the long-term health of the industry.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Okay. Thanks. Then just on the final point, such as it is your airport hotels, have the airlines I say take capacity out, I mean they already talking about reducing contract business at those hotels, I know it is not a huge part of your overall business, but could maybe less flights means less crews, less contract business, which I think its part of all airport business right?
Ed Walter: I am sure that if they are reducing their flight capacity by 6% or 7% that we are going to feel some effect from that in our contract business. The thing I would remind everybody is the contract business only represents 3% or 4% of our overall business mix. So, it maybe an issue at a hotel or two, but it should not be an issue for us overall.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Okay. Thank you.
Ed Walter: Right.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
Ed Walter: Well, thank you for joining us on this call today. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our second quarter results and outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with more insights into what is proving to be an ever interesting 2008, during our third quarter call on October. Have a great remainder of your week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. We thank everyone for their participation. You may disconnect your lines at any time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Larson - EVP of Corporate Strategy and Fund Management Ed Walter -President and CEO Larry Harvey - EVP, Treasurer and CFO
Analysts: William Crow - Raymond James & Associates Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers Smedes Rose - KBW Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank David Loeb - Baird Nap Overton - Morgan Keegan Joe Greff - Bear Stearns William Truelove - UBS
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts first quarter earnings call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed. And, we are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in today's earnings press release and our 8-K filed with the SEC and on our website at HostHotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our first quarter results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the company's outlook for 2008. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our first quarter results, including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions. And now here's Ed.
Ed Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Given the science to stress the economies demonstrating and the overall state of the financial markets, we were very pleased with our favorable first quarter performance. Our comparable hotel RevPAR for the quarter increased by 2.4%, driven by a 4% increase in average room rate, which was partially offset by a decline in occupancy of 1.1% point. Food and beverage revenues that are comparable hotels were strong this quarter with an increase of 4%, generated primarily from increases in banquet and audio-visual sales, and an exceptional increase in food and beverage revenues at Orlando World Center Marriott. Overall, comparable revenues increase by 3.2% for the quarter and comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin decreased by 40 percentage points. Adjusted EBITDA for Host LP for the quarter increased by $3 million to $262 million. And, our FFO per diluted share was better than expected increasing 10% to $0.33, which exceeded the high-end of our guidance and consensus estimates by $0.03. Consistent with the trends we experienced in the fourth quarter and what we would expect given the slowing economy, we have seen some weakness in our corporate transient and leisure business, as well as reduced pickup in short-term group booking. However, it is worthwhile to note that we are not experiencing an acceleration of those trends, nor have we seen an increase in attrition rates or group cancellation rates. On the transient side, room nights were down by more than 2.5% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, but this decline was more than offset by an increase in rate of almost 4%. We did experience the general weakness of business travel across many markets as overall corporate and special corporate bookings declined by roughly 5%. We also saw greater weakness on weekend nights as compared to weekdays, suggesting that domestic leisure business is soft. On the positive side, we are seeing a general increase in international business as well as our gateway market, which is helping to offset some of the impact of the U.S. economic slowdown.  Our group business experienced a slight increase in occupancy, which combined with a 5% increase in rate generated revenue growth of more than 5%. Group bookings and overall performance were exceptionally strong at our Orlando World Center hotel, which benefited from the completion last year of our new 105,000 square foot Cypress Ballroom. Group bookings for the remainder of the year continue to be favorable with revenues currently ahead of last years take by more than 5%.  Given the trends we have identified, all but a few of our hotels have implemented some form of contingency plan. These plans start by focusing on finding additional customers, hopefully, the next highest price point. We're also carefully examining all re-pricing decisions to avoid unnecessary rate adjustment. On the cost front, we are reexamining the right labor models in each hotel, looking to avoid filling positions and emphasizing cross training to add further efficiency. We are carefully reviewing our food and beverage service platforms to identify opportunities to cut cost, to adjusting hours of operation, or staffing level. In some instances, in consent with our operators, we are mandating across the board expense cuts. In general, we're working very closely with our operators to make certain that our expense levels are appropriate to the level of customer demand we generate. On the strategic front, we were very pleased to announce in March the formation of a joint venture with an affiliate of GIC Real Estate to invest up to $600 million in equity in hotel projects located in the Asia Pacific region. When fully invested, the funds will likely own between $1.5 billion and $2 billion of real estate. Host will own a 25% interest and have the ability to earn a promote based on achieving certain returns thresholds on the venture's investments. We will also receive a feed for providing asset management services to the venture. We are very excited about the opportunity to continue our partnership with GIC and expand our platform into the Asia Pacific region, which continues to demonstrate exceedingly strong economic growth and solid lodging fundamentals in many markets. As in the case of our European joint venture, we believe that leveraging our platform and partnering with third-party sources of capital is an excellent way to maximize return on our own capital, while building a business model that will ultimately add to our long-term growth. On the domestic front, the disarray in the lending market is causing a severe slowdown in the acquisition and disposition market. Although we are continuing to work on asset sales which could total as much as $300 million for the year, the challenge is for buyers in obtaining finance that makes the amount and timing of disposition difficult to predict. Although we are continuing to evaluate potential acquisition, we are not optimistic that we will identify transactions that satisfy our return target. So, we would guide you not to include any acquisitions in your analysis for 2008. However, we intend to be opportunistic as the marketplace evolves. We are concentrating on completing capital investments in our existing portfolio, including the expense of CapEx program we've discussed with you before, which includes maintenance of CapEx and the ROI repositioning project with the amount of approximately $650 million this year. In addition, we are focusing on value enhancement projects such as the time shared development venture at our Hyatt Regency in Maui with highest vacation ownership. We have recently received final development approvals to build a 12-storey tower, comprised of a 131 luxury units with direct ocean views and beach access. The project will also feature an 8,000 square foot open-air lobby, pool, fitness center, owner's lounge, and a casual dinning outlet. Our investment will include approximately $34 million of cash and a contribution of the oceanfront parking lot, which is our land on this sight, which will be valued to roughly $35 million in exchange for a 50% interest in the venture. Construction of the project is anticipated to begin in 2009, with the completion target of late 2010. We expect unit sales would commence near the end of 2009. The vacation ownership business is very profitable in Hawaii, and hired vacation ownership has been successful in this industry from many years. We are very excited about this project and believe this investment has the potential to achieve returns greater than 20%. Finally, we've also invested in our portfolio through the implementation of the $500 million stock repurchase program we announced in conjunction with our fourth quarter earnings release. During the first quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of our stock for approximately $35 million. Additional stock repurchases for the year will depend on conditions in the equity, debt, and disposition market as well as other opportunities we may have to invest our capital. Now, let me spend sometime on our outlook for the reminder of 2008. I should start out by noting that our visibility is limited and we continue to be concerned by some of the recent economic reports and the overall weakness in the financial markets. In addition, our results over the last few weeks are difficult to interpret because of the timing of the Easter and Passover holidays, which clearly impacted demand pattern. Having said that, the first quarter performed in-line with our expectations and while demand was clearly weaker than the prior year, the transient, group, and transient business did not appear to deteriorate further as we completed the quarter and worked our way into the first two weeks of April. Our group bookings remain favorable versus last year and should provide a base of support for the properties to offset expected transient weakness. Based on those trends, and the fact that we expect constructions disruptions to moderate slightly as we progress through the second half of the year, we are assuming that we will continue to experience moderate reductions in occupancy, which will be more than offset by moderate rate growth. As a result, we are maintaining our 2008 RevPar guidance of 2% to 4%, and expect hotel adjusted operating profit margin growth to range between down 25 to up 25 basis points for our comparable hotel. Based on these assumptions, we are maintaining our guidance for our FFO per diluted share for the year of $1.88 to $1.98, and adjusted EBITDA of Host LP of $1.450 billion to $1.505 billion. In summary, we're pleased with our results for the first quarter. We remain cautious for the remainder of 2008. We are intensely focused on our asset management activities with the clear goal of maintaining pricing and achieving strong flow through. As Larry will describe in more detail in his comments, we have taken steps to further strengthen our liquidity position to ensure that we have the capacity to take advantage of opportunities that may present themselves over the coming months. Our investment approach remains highly disciplined with the goal of maximizing our returns on every dollar invested and with the intent of enhancing our existing assets, and exploring our options in international markets, while domestic market pricing remains unattractive. Thank you. And now, let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer.
Larry Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comparable hotel RevPar results. Looking at the portfolio based on property types, our resort convention hotels performed the best during the first quarter with RevPar growth of 5.8% led by strong growth at the Orlando World Center Marriott. RevPar for our urban hotels increased 1.8% led by our Boston and New York properties. RevPar at airport hotels increased by 1.4%, and our suburban hotel RevPar increased by 0.6%. Turning to our regional results; as expected, the New England region continued to perform well with RevPar growth of 10%, as our Boston hotels performed exceptionally well due to very strong group bookings citywide. The Boston market should have a very good second quarter due to the strength in the group bookings, but a weaker second half of the year. The Florida region performed very well with RevPar growth of 6.8%, driven by the Orlando World Center Marriott. The new exhibit hall and ballroom space that opened in the fourth quarter has helped to drive both group bookings and rates. We expect the Florida region to continue to perform well in the second quarter. The Mid-Atlantic region enjoyed another good quarter, with RevPar growth averaging 4.1%. Given that both, New York Marriott Downtown and W New York were under renovation in the quarter, our New City properties performed particularly well with RevPAR growth of 4.5%, driven by rate increases and strong short-term lead or bookings. This performance was led by the New York Marriott Marquis, which had RevPAR growth of nearly 10%.  We expect New York City to have a weaker second quarter, as the negative impact of the renovations will be greater in the second quarter. But, a better second half of the year because of strong group bookings during lead times, excellent international leisure transient business, and limited supply growth. The Philadelphia market also outperformed the overall portfolio for the quarter, with the RevPAR growth of 2.9%. Philadelphia would be weaker in the second quarter due to fewer city-wide and weaker group bookings. Overall RevPAR growth for our Pacific region was 2.5% for the quarter. However, results varied by market. The Los Angeles market continues to perform well, with RevPAR of 7% due to the excellent transient and group demand. The San Francisco market continued its strong performance with RevPAR up 4.9%, driven by both group demand and rate growth. On the other hand, RevPAR per Hawaiian properties increased less then 1% because of lower leisure transient demand. We expect the Los Angeles market to perform well in the second quarter, while San Francisco will be weaker in the second quarter relative to the rest of the year due to the lower group demand. RevPAR for Atlanta region increased 2.2% for the quarter. The growth was driven by strong group bookings somewhat offset by lower transient demand, particularly in Buckhead, and the region is expected to be weaker in the second quarter due to flat year-over-year group booking, but rebound in the second half of the year due to better group bookings. Our DC Metro region performed poorly, with RevPAR decreasing by 5.7% due to four hotels under renovation in the first quarter of 2008 versus no hotels under renovation in the first quarter of 2007. We expect the DC Metro region to rebound in the second quarter as the hotels ramp-up from these renovations. The North Central region also performed poorly in the first quarter, with RevPAR declining 11.2%. Results in Chicago were particularly weak as RevPAR fell by over 23% primarily due to renovations at three of our Chicago properties and no Downtown city-wide activity in Chicago in January and February. We expect the North Central region to rebound in the second quarter as renovations are completed and group bookings in city-wide activity increases. While the New Orleans Marriot is not in our comparable hotel set, we have seen improved signs of light in this market as RevPAR increased over 12% for the quarter. We expect the property will continue to perform well in the second quarter. Our European joint venture had a strong quarter with RevPAR calculated in Euros increasing by 6.9% despite several properties undergoing renovation. The Westin Palace in Madrid and the Hotel Arts Barcelona performed particularly well. If calculated in U.S. dollars, RevPAR was up by 20.8%. The outlook for 2008 remains positive as the EU economy continues to grow at a solid rate. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comp hotels decreased by 40 basis points. Profit flow through the rooms department was affected by higher wage and benefit costs. Food and beverage flow through was excellent due to the growth in banquet and audio-visual business, resulting in a 50 basis point improvement in comparable hotel adjusted food and beverage margins. Wages and benefits increased by roughly 3.9% and unallocated cost grew by 4.5% for the quarter. As anticipated, real estate taxes increased by 6.3% as assessed evaluations continued to catch with increases in property values. On a positive side, utility costs increased less than 2% for the quarter. However, we expect natural gas and other energy costs to increase significantly throughout the rest of the year, which will lead to utility costs increases in excess of inflation.  For the quarter, property insurance costs decreased 4%. Looking forward to the remainder of the year, we expect to see a significant decrease in our insurance costs as our recently completed April 2008 renewal reflected an annual premium decline of roughly 25%, even though we enhanced the level of our coverage's and lowered some of our deductibles. We finished the quarter with $317 million of cash. Subsequent to quarter end, we entered into a $165 million term loan that was an add-on to our $600 million credit facility. The term loan has a maturity date of September 9, 2011, and is pre-payable without penalty after 18 months. The loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 175 basis points, with a LIBOR floor of 2.25%. The proceeds from the term loan were used to repay the $100 million draw under the Credit Facility that was made after the end of the quarter and to supplement our cash positions. We currently have $600 million of available capacity on a credit facility. The term loan provides us with additional financial flexibility and investment capacity to implement our business plan. In addition, as we discussed in the year-end earnings call, our only significant debt maturity in 2008 is the 2009 $1 million mortgage near Orlando World Center Marriott. During the quarter, we executed a term sheet with the vendor for refinancing proceeds well in excess of the existing mortgage and we expect to close on the refinancing by June 30. Turning to our second quarter guidance. As we discussed previously, the second quarter of 2008 will have considerably more business disruption from our CapEx program in the second quarter of 2007. However, because of strong group bookings during the second quarter, we expect RevPAR growth for our comparable hotels to be 2% to 4% for the quarter, which is consistent with our full-year guidance. We are also forecasting the FFO per diluted share for the quarter will be in the range of $0.54 to $0.56 per share. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instruction) And we'll take our first question from William Crow at Raymond James & Associates.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: Good morning, guys.
Ed Walter: Hi, Bill.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: A couple of questions here. Could you comment on what you see in for group bookings in '09?
Ed Walter: Yes. Short answer is that they are ahead of pace from where we were at this time last year. They is no one near as far ahead of pace as we are in '08, but they are slightly ahead of pace.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: Okay. And then, as you look out to the rest of this year your expectations are obviously bullied by the group bookings, what percentage of those group bookings have confected minimum room usage in food and beverage expense?
Ed Walter: Bill, it's hard to track that exactly. Maybe one data point that's helpful is at this point, about 85% of our group room nights, our projected room nights are under contract at this point.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: Okay.
Ed Walter:  And I would tell you that of the remaining 15% closed, half of that is listed by the operators as tentative, which we generally have been told that that shows up its tentative, it's pretty solid that we're going to get it. So in terms of what is there and in terms of it being firmly booked, we are in pretty good shape. You obviously still have some risk that you'll always have that at the end of the day you could see some increases in attritional levels. But that trend does not materialize again.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates: All right. And then one final question, how do you think about starting new renovations given the economic backdrop? I mean, is this the time to move forward on things and say you're going to have less disruption because occupancy is down or do you say this is the time to increase your cash flow and we're going to do the best we can and not disrupt business. How are you thinking about that?
Ed Walter: I think we're looking at this point that we're going to stick with the plan that we had all along for this year was to have a fairly comprehensive capital program. You know kind of looking at the two descriptions that you laid out we believe in more towards the former than the latter. We're in a great financial position as Larry described and we indicated in our press release. We've taken some steps to bolster what was already a fairly solid liquidity position. So we don't have worries at this point on that front. Not that we want to have lower operating conditions but the reality is if we can do it with less disruption that's usually our goal. Anyway we're normally targeting a lot of this activity to weaker time period. So to the extent that we may have some softer period, it's good to take advantage of it and continue to update our properties as necessary. Where we are probably being a bit more cautious though would be in the areas around some of our ROI improvements. And I think we are being very careful as we evaluate ROI possibilities right now, to make certain that if it's adding additional group meeting space. And that was the assumptions that underlie that decision are tied to significant increases in demand, then, we might end up concluding that some of those types of investment should be deferred to the extent that we were worried in a particular market that the demand won't be there. But on the other words, everything that we have in process including some of the major ballroom additions that we're doing, we are comfortable that those are exactly what we should be doing for those properties in the long-term and consequently fully intent to move forward with them.
William Crow - Raymond James & Associates:  Great. Thank you, Ed.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi. You mentioned earlier in your presentation that you were not pursuing too many acquisitions or you felt like things were slowing down there a little bit for you because the returned targets weren't really there yet. Could you just give us a little bit of information on that? Is there now been a reckoning on the prices to make it more attractive at this point? Is it your own forecast, which obviously are modest from profitability standpoint when you look at even new transactions? And then, also, the international business looks so strong. I know it's a relatively modest part of your portfolio, but maybe you could give us a little bit more color on that, why the year-over-year was so strong and maybe the expectations?
Ed Walter: Sure. Let me start with the acquisition market. I think you summarized some of the challenges in that area and we talked about this a little bit on the last call. We have seen an upward movement in cap rates on the assets that we've been selling, which I might for this purpose describe it's a four star asset. We're yet to see any real movement on the types of assets that we've been buying over the last five or six years, which I generally put more on the five star category. And having said that, I'd also kind of confirming what I said in our prepared comments. The markets had really slowed down a bit. And I think that you're just not seeing a lot of activity at this point in time. I think you probably or is that phase in the cycle ware, we're likely to see some adjustment in pricing but the sellers have not yet conceded to where prices are likely going to have to go and the buyers are not anxious to commitment till they see some changes and where prices are and where cap rates are. So I suspect that we'll see muted levels of activity probably, certainly, through this summer. And it won't surprise me if it carried through the rest of the year. And at some point as always seems to happen, we'll start to see each side move a little bit closer to each other. It can't ignore in assessing what's going on in the acquisition markets to disarray in the debt markets and until people can get more comfortable about the ability of their lenders from whatever source they maybe. And their ability to commit and come through at the levels that they have committed, it's going to be hard to see a real meaningful pickup in activity. Switching over to the international side, you are right in your assessment that not a lot of our RevPAR or FFO at this point comes from international operations. We certainly did have, if you looked at our press release some pretty good results in Canada and Chile and Mexico, which is where the international part of the portfolio that's consolidated is represented. Some of that was due to currency and some of that was due to the fact that some of those markets either they had renovations last year or just simply performed quite well because economic growth was stronger, it was really a variety of different positive benefits there.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys. Good morning. 
Ed Walter: Good morning.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Can you talk a little bit more about your ability to borrow? I was really surprised to see one; that you are able to access the capital markets and two; well, not as cheap as you borrowed in the past, like very attractive pricing. Is it because of your relative positioning or you're just seeing things loosen up in general?
Ed Walter: I don't think. After I finish with this, Larry, you should comment too. I think the short answer is not loosened up yet. I think you are seeing in some instances in the last week there were a couple of things, CNBS transactions that have happened. But in general, I would say that the credit markets continue to be constrained and in fact, I would probably guess that over the last 60 to 45 days, whatever our pricing expectations would have been as the beginning of that time period, they probably widened a bit as we worked our way through the last 60 days. I think in our case, we are fortunate that we have always had a fairly deep bank group. We had very good relationships on that front. We identified probably four, five weeks ago that that particular market could offer the most attractively priced financing available today. And that's frankly why we went after the term addition to our credit facility. And I think we are still seeing some activity on the life company side and that's really the target that we're going after for the refinance of the Orlando property. But even in that market, we are finding it difficult to identify lenders that are willing to lending more than $100 million on any particular property. So, I wouldn't say at this point that we've really seen any favorable trend in that business, other than the one that suggests that around the edges you are seeing some slight improvement in activity. Larry, you want to add anything to that?
Larry Harvey: I think the last point I'd add would just be that from the senior note perspective, we have seen spreads has started to contract finally. They have got very high, not just on our odd notes but as well as other. So those rates have come down and still nowhere where we would issue senior notes. But at least they have come down roughly 150-160 basis points in the last 30 days or so.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then there we're seeing tremendous group cancellation in Las Vegas. Do you think you are picking up some of that group business that why shows a different kind of business and that's why your group cancellations haven't gotten any worst?
Ed Walter: Yes. That's a great question. I am not certain since we're not tied into Las Vegas in terms of our portfolio that we have a lot of inside into that. I would doubt that we're picking up a lot of the business, because I would assume that when it's cancelled at least in the near-term they paid some sort of cancellation penalty, which means they probably aren't going to have the event. I think in general, what we've been seeing is just not a lot on a cancellation front and the only industry that I have early heard any theme that has been weaker right now has been Pharma. Even the financial world which is the key component of some of our higher end properties is actually been fairly stable over the course of this year, which I view as a welcome development.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Felicia Hendrix with Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning, guys. A few questions, just in the quarter specifically, the RevPAR seemed to be driven by the results in the convention/resort area. I know that's partially due to the easy comps you had last year given the renovations, and you also gave us color on your transient and your business bookings. But I am just wondering if you expect those strength in the segments to continue to be stronger than others going forward?
Ed Walter: I think the resort will hold up fairly well certainly into the second quarter. I think what I would view is relative underperformance of urban was really driven by a combination of some weakness in a couple of key markets for us and some renovations at five or six of our hotels in Chicago and Washington D.C. If you have to pull those five or six hotels out, you would have found that urban would have performed a lot better and probably in the 3.5 to 4 range. And so I think some of what you saw there was the strength of the number of properties like the Orlando World Center and Kierland hotel and our Coronado hotel. The other part of it was that just where the impact from the renovations that we had talked about having in the first quarter where that would have hit.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. Now with you are on interest in the GIC venture, I am just wondering when you expect that to start hitting your P&L?
Ed Walter: I am sorry. I missed that again, Felicia, could you give me that again?
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Yeah. With your interest in the GIC venture, when do you start expecting that to hit the P&L?
Ed Walter: I wouldn't expect that we would be acquiring any properties that would have any meaningful effect on our P&L this year. I think you're really looking more at '09 for that. I mean, we've announced the venture. We have beginning to develop a pipeline. We are in the process of establishing our office in Asia. Knowing how long it takes to ramp-up this sort of an activity and kind of looking frankly at our history in Europe recognizing, if you leave out the jump start that we got on that portfolio, it took a while before we developed a deep pipeline. I suspect that we're really looking more at '09 for the first impact from that.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: And would it be late '09 or mid? Come on some of us go quarterly model.
Ed Walter:  Why don't we say mid-'09 and hopefully, we can beat that? It's just hard to tell. I mean, I can't tell how quickly we're going to identify deal that's going to make sense for us. Obviously, both Host and GIC are very excited about the opportunity to move into those markets. The GDP growth, the lodging fundamentals and the number of sub-markets are quite attractive there. Our sense is that while there has been some effect on the financial markets there from the problems that exist in the U.S. and to a lesser degree in Europe, there is availability in financing, which should also help transactions well. We're certainly committed in making it a fairly significant priority for the company over the rest of this year and into next year. So, I am hopeful that we'll get lucky. We'll find some deals that make sense and be able to see some contribution early on. But we'll just have to see.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers:  Okay. And just final question. The percent of your overall business is being driven by international visitation through the U.S. you mentioned that was the benefit in the quarter but am just wondering if you could quantify that?
Ed Walter: Unfortunately, we don't really have great tracking to be able to tell how much of our business actually comes from international. I can tell you in a market, maybe anecdotally if you look in a market like New York, our census in New York City right now that somewhere between say, 20% and 25% of our business in New York is being driven by international. And kind of consistent with our comment and scenes that we are seeing that is being one of the benefits this year is that that we can tell in New York we're up about 25% in international business so far this year. I think they generally expect that trend to continue throughout the rest of the year. So if you start to think about that that can offset a fair amount of some of the areas where we have been weak.
Felicia Hendrix - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Ed Walter: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Smedes Rose at KBW.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Hi, good morning. My question was about your timeshare venture with Hyatt and I am wondering if you see any more opportunities along these lines with some of your properties so with other timeshare operators?
Ed Walter: The short answer is yes. I don't know how many of the other opportunities will happen at a scale or in the structure that we have with Hyatt. But we have some we have land associated with our Westin and Kierland property with there is an opportunity to do time share. And we've had some discussions to its Starwood about how to approach that. A couple of our Florida properties on the Atlantic coast have spared land that could be develop into either condos, fractional or timeshare. And we are in the midst of discussion with the operators of both of those proprieties about the potential to try to pursue that type of transaction. So in each of our resort location, this is something that were looking at. And in certain cases depending upon the status of the market, it may not make sense to go proceed with that right now. But in lot of cases we've started the approval process to be in position for when the market recovers we could then take advantage of it.  
Smedes Rose - KBW: Okay. And then if you could just maybe a little more color on the DC market, just given that this is an election year, when would you expect RevPAR maybe to pick up in that market? I think its for National outside of DC impact in the market at all or do you think that's more of a Baltimore issue?
Ed Walter: It's hard to imagine that you get at that many rooms sitting just outside of downtown Washington DC and not have some effect. I can't say that our in town properties has been overly concerned about it so far, but I think we'll obviously be watching that fairly closely to see what the effect that property has long-term on our properties. Part of it, as we look at that, there's some business that they're bringing to the markets that hasn't otherwise been coming to Washington. So, that's not hurting us. A lot of our business that we tend to do in our in town properties tends to be focused on Capitol Hill and National Harbors located fairly far outside of town for that business to kind of match up with the business that we've been doing. So, I think in some ways we're protected by where our locations are because we truly are Center City Properties. But in the long run there will probably be some effect. Looking at the Washington market I think we're going to be looking at a pretty good spring in summer there. That seems to be the case so far. Some of the slowness that we had in the first quarter in the city was really driven primarily by the fact that the JW, DC was undergoing a fairly significant lobby renovation and our Westin brands hotel was undergoing a very comprehensive room innovation. Most of the renovations are now behind us. So we should be able to take advantage of some pretty traditionally strong activity through into August or into September. I suspect that also on looking at historical trend, we would be counting on a lot in October and in early November simply because everybody will be out in the city campaigning.
Smedes Rose - KBW: Okay. Thank you.
Ed Walter: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Woronka from Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Good morning. 
Ed Walter: Hi, Chris. 
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Question on the margin guidance I guess to hit your guidance you'll need a little bit pickup in the rest of year, is that due to the kind of the new insurance contract that maybe a little bit less displacement from renovation? Or is there something else going on, just any color would be great?
Ed Walter: I think it's a couple of items. Particular you got a property insurance is pretty substantial savings. We will see that through the last three quarters of the year here. And also, from a standpoint of displacement, the first half of this year as we talked about was significantly higher than last year. And then, that will reverse in the fourth quarter portion that. So we'll have some at least better year-over-year comps in the fourth quarter with respect to displacement should help on the margin side as well.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Then just a quick question on the outlook for group bookings, what's the breakdown second, third, fourth quarter, I would assume third quarter has the least amount of group bookings is that right? Its sounds like you are in good shape for what's on the books. I would guess that's little bit more in 2Q and 3Q and how are you looking at the summer in some of the resort hotels?
Ed Walter: Overall, I think you are right that the third quarter tends to be slightly lower group quarter. And I would probably say looking at our page for the rest of the year that quarter is not the strongest quarter, looking at the remainder of the year. So I think that that's a quarter that we're watching fairly carefully at this point in time. In terms of the spread across resort versus some of the others sectors, I don't know if there's any dramatically trend as it relates to third quarter versus the other quarter for the resorts. It depends a lot on where they are. I mean, certainly some of our resorts are just weak in general during the summer such as the ones that are in Palm Desert, others in Florida still have a fairly high level of group activity. The price point is just lower.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Very good. Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from David Loeb at Baird.
David Loeb - Baird: Hi. Firstly quick one about guidance. You reported $0.03 or $0.04 above your 1Q guidance, but you didn't change your annual guidance, what's your thinking there?
Ed Walter: Yeah, David, I guess what I would just say is that, yeah, this was just the first quarter of the year. We probably as we indicated, we did better in the first quarter than we thought. Some of the elements of that like some of the corporate expense savings, which is generally related to restricted stock, I am kind of hoping its going to even out over the course of the rest of the year. So I am hopeful that that's not actually something that it turns up in the final analysis. And as it relates to some of the others, I guess, I just say it's good that we are ahead. It just gives us more confidence that will follow it in the range at the end of the year. It may seem that all we did was reiterate our guidance. We really spent a lot of time digging in on an entire analysis of the portfolio to try to understand what we really thought was going to happen over the rest of the year. And at the end of the day, I think we started off a little bit more cautiously than some others in our outlook for the year. And as we dug in on it given where the first quarter came out, what our bookings looked like, the fact that the recent trend was actually fairly good and wasn't indicating additional weakening. In fact, that we saw international travel building and the fact that we think we're going to get some left later in the year, all of that kind of came together in our minds and leave us comfortable that we should still use the same two to four range that we talked about before. But I think in China assessed how we did in the first quarter and FFO within the context to that. We didn't think we should make any adjustments for the fact that first quarter came in a little bit stronger. 
David Loeb - Baird: Okay. That's helpful. And Larry a little more detail, if you can, on the Orlando World Center refinancing. Can you just give us an idea about what the terms are like on that? You had mentioned that that was likely an insurance company lender. Would this be a club deal given its size or is the single lender willing to take that much?
Larry Harvey: It's a single lender but, I apologize I am just really not comfortable disclosing that stuff at this point. It is single lender that is stepped up, proceeds well in excess of the existing $209 million mortgage. And at rates that are consistent with what we budgeted, we were refinanced the property for.
Ed Walter: And a rate that's lower than what exist today.
Larry Harvey: Yeah. It's a 7.48% mortgage on a property today. So the refinance rate will be well below that.
David Loeb - Baird: And how do you weigh that against just paying half the existing mortgage and drawing from the alignment waiting for better debt markets?
Ed Walter: Yeah, I think that the answer there is that sort of consistent with the theme that I highlighted in our initial comments is that we are looking to maintain a higher amount of liquidity and as much flexibility as we can at this point in time, just in anticipation that there maybe some opportunities that develop for us over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. So I think this is a natural property to refinance in some ways and I think we had all concluded here that it would be better to maintain the $600 million of availability on the credit facility at this point rather than deploy that to payout this loan. Obviously, we could change our philosophy. In the future, we could also if a problem develop here, we certainly be comfortable in using the facility to pay off. But I think from balance sheet perspective, we like the idea of having additional capacity on the facility.
David Loeb - Baird: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nap Overton with Morgan Keegan.
Nap Overton - Morgan Keegan: Good morning. In the last cycle than last down cycle, a multitude of distressed seller or motivated sellers never really materialized because that was so available and interest rates remained low throughout the down part of the cycle. Do you anticipate, are you aware of any developing situations that interest you in terms or what is your outlook for some distressed motivated sellers to show up in this cycle that we appear to be entering?
Ed Walter: I think that's a great question. I'd say so far would just a couple of exception you haven't seen too many opportunities like that develop. But I think that's also because if you really look at where we are right now, while RevPAR growth has moderated from where it was the last three or four years. We are still talking about positive growth and we're still generally talking at most property about positive and wide growth too. So, while the financial markets are in disarray, you're really not at a lot of defaults yet on individual mortgage loans secured by real estate, because the properties aren't underperforming at this point in time. I think as we go forward, this cycle will be a little different from the last one, primarily because of the levels of leverage that the lending community was prepared to advance on hotel assets this cycle compared to last. If you go back to the 90s, the lending community was really still reacting to the debacle of the 90s to late 80s, where you saw a lot of 105, 110 or higher percentage loans. When operations decline in the early 90s with over leveraged properties, you ended up with lenders owning a lot of real estate. There's lot more discipline on the lending front. At the end of the 90s, as the lenders remembered that environment that they had gone through and loan-to-value ratios were lower. I wouldn't describe what happened over the last four or five years as equivalent to what happened in the 80s, but I think we all know if you look at a variety of different situations, you will see that leverage levels were higher this time than last. And I think that at some point here, its probably not this year, its probably more next year, you'll begin to see some situations develop where folks have loans that are coming due and in this lending environment they can't borrow enough money to be able to repay that loan, which will start to put some pressure on the situation. So that's our insight on at this point in time and I think we, kind of, coming back to the first point. Other than a few small instances where we detected some pressure on a few sellers, there really hasn't been much it's happened yet, but I think we're expecting more of that to come.
Nap Overton - Morgan Keegan: And if such situations did develop within the next 24 months or so, how much muscle would you be willing to flex for an attractive opportunity?
Ed Walter: I think we have a fair amount of capacity in our balance sheet right now. I mean we are looking at coverage levels that are well into the force. And we are comfortable as a company kind of looking at it from a safety perspective, being at least a full turn lower than that. So to the extent that the right opportunity developed and the transaction met all of the various targets that we would have around the transaction, we could be in a position to act on that in the future. 
Nap Overton - Morgan Keegan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Greff at Bear Stearns.
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Hi, good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Ed Walter: Sure, Joe. It's fine.
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Hi. A quick question or two quick question, your comments on 2009 group bookings you talked about pace, what's pricing like on 2009 group bookings relative to 2008?
Ed Walter: It's up a little bit.
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then if you would look at the last 12 months or full-year 2007, we may sell to Wall Street of financial services (inaudible) what is that number?
Ed Walter: I don't have that here with us. So it's something we can probably look up for you Joe. If you are looking for year-over-year comparison, I'd have to believe in general in the industry that it's down a little bit. In terms of actual number of nights that we sold last year to them, we don't have that number available.
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from William Truelove with UBS.
William Truelove - UBS: Hi, guys. A couple of question here. First, what is your budget for ROI projects that is currently under funded that you could divert to share repurchases this year?
Ed Walter: We are looking this year and expecting that our repositioning in ROI projects in total will be somewhere in the 270 to 290 range. A fair amount of that's already underway. We're going to have a big quarter of construction this quarter. You'd have to really sit down and be carefully analyze that. I would suspect that probably a third of that could be cancelled if we need it to but there maybe some costs associated with canceling that, including some business disruptions that we sort of built into the schedule but virtue of anticipating the construction project.
William Truelove - UBS: If you're not going to do the construction project when you have less business disruption, wouldn't that be a positive?
Ed Walter: Well not, yes and no. If what you were doing was affecting meetings space was part of what your ROI involved and you already had a plan for the third quarter. If you then cancel the project, you're right you wouldn't have more business disruption, but I guess what I am saying is I am not certain you could fill that meetings space with new customers given the timeframe that we are talking about. So in effect, by scheduling it the way we have we've already incurred the cost of the business disruptions. If we don't go forward with the project, I doubt we'd be able to book a lot of additional business in. So as a result we still incur the cost associated with the business disruptions. That makes sense?
William Truelove - UBS: Yeah. That makes sense.
Ed Walter: Okay.
William Truelove - UBS: The second question I may have is on your timeshare joint venture with Hyatt, if you are going to beginning to say call it 20% plus returns, usually in timeshare that requires you to also participate in the financing section of it. So is your participation to JV is strictly on the real estate only? Or in this joint venture we also participate in the financing games associated with the timeshare?
Ed Walter: We would be anticipating that we would participate in all facets of the development. Our anticipated returns was the profit on the land, profit on the sale of the unit, and ultimately any profits that might stem from the financing.
William Truelove - UBS: All right. And then last easy question is which hotels are held for sale now, that you recently listed?
Ed Walter:  Sheraton Campus suites.
William Truelove - UBS: Sheraton Campus suites?
Ed Walter: Yes. That's the assets held for sale.
William Truelove - UBS: Okay. I thought there were two about.
Larry Harvey: Well, the Sacramento property has been taken by the city of Sacramento as they are expanding their airport. But that's a leasehold interest. So its a very small balance sheet amount.
William Truelove - UBS: Okay. That explains it. Thanks so much then.
Ed Walter: Great.
Operator: And due to time constraints, we are going to conclude the question-and-answer session today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter for any additional closing remarks.
Ed Walter:  Thank you very much for joining us on this call today. We've appreciated the opportunity to discuss our first quarter results and our outlook with you today and look forward to providing you with more insights into how 2008 is playing out in our second quarter call in mid July. Have a good rest of your week everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory J. Larson - Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Fund Management Edward Walter - President, Chief Executive Officer Larry K. Harvey - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
Analysts: Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank  [Penford Scholes]  JP Morgan Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Bill Crow - Raymond James David Loeb  Edgar William Truelove - UBS Steve Rose - CBW Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns Joshua Eddie  Citi  
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Executive Vice President, Mr. Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Gregory J. Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts fourth quarter earnings call. Before we begin, Id like to remind everyone that many of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statements under federal securities laws.  As described in our filings with the SEC, these statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause future results to differ from those expressed. We are not obligated to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements.  Additionally, on todays call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial information such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparable hotel results. You can find this information together with reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP information in todays earnings press release and our 8-K file with the SEC and on our web site at HostHotels.com. This morning, Ed Walter, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and year end results and then will describe the current operating environment as well as the companys outlook for 2008. Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, will then provide greater detail on our fourth quarter and year end results including regional and market performance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to your questions.  Now heres Ed.
Edward Walter: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. 2007 was another year of positive growth in the lodging industry and a very productive year for our company. In addition to continued growth in operations through increases in revPAR and margins, we were also able to achieve a number of important goals this year. On the domestic front, we continued to focus on our extensive CapEx program that include maintenance CapEx, ROI repositioning and value enhancement projects, investing approximately $610 million in 2007, including $250 million in the fourth quarter.  Major projects included comprehensive room redos at the Minneapolis City Center Marriott, the Harbor Beach Marriott, and San Antonio Riverwalk Marriott Hotels plus an additional 4,000 rooms in 15 other hotels. We renovated more than 625,000 square feet of meeting space including major renovations at the San Antonio River Center Marriott, the Weston LAX and the Tampa Waterside Marriott. We also complete construction on our 105,000 square foot exhibit hall at the Orlando World Center Marriott and major spa renovations at the Desert Springs Marriott and the Amelia Island Ritz-Carlton. Other major projects included lobby and public space renovations at the J.W. Marriott in D.C., the Coronado Island Marriott Resort and the Toronto Eaton Centre Marriott as well as several food and beverage facility projects. We continue to believe that these investments are higher returning investments that favorably position our hotels in their respective markets while enhancing the future value of our entire portfolio. In July, our European joint venture acquired three assets in Brussels, including the 262-room Renaissance Brussels Hotel, the 218-room Brussels Marriott Hotel and the Marriott Executive Apartments. These acquisitions bring the joint ventures total investment to over EUR 1 billion, with a portfolio comprised of ten properties in five countries. We continued to execute on our strategy of selling non-core assets in 2007 with over $400 million of asset sales for the year, including two assets totaling $70 million in the fourth quarter. We improved our leverage and coverage ratios through a combination of debt refinancing and repayments that lowered our overall debt balance and significantly reduced our average interest rate by nearly 1 percentage point to approximately 6%. We amended and extended our credit facility and have full capacity of $600 million. Additionally, we reduced the facilitys interest rate and based on our current leverage ratio, can borrow at a LIBOR plus 65 basis points, or 3.75%.  We recorded FFO per diluted share growth in excess of 20% for the third consecutive year and finally, we paid a dividend of $1 per common share this year, an increase of over 31% versus 2006. Overall, we believe the actions we took in 2007 materially improved the strength of our balance sheet and the quality of our portfolio, and position us well for 2008. Before I get into our outlook for the year, lets talk more specifically about our fourth quarter and full year results. Fourth quarter RevPAR for our comparable hotels plus the Starwood portfolio increased 5.6%, driven by a 6.4% increase in average rate with a slight decrease of occupancy of a 0.5 percentage point. For the full year, comparable RevPAR including the Starwood portfolio increased 6.5% driven by a 5.9% increase in average rates and a 0.4 increase in occupancy. F&B revenue increased 3.3% for the quarter and 3.7% for the year. Comparable hotel-adjusted operating profit margins increased by a half of a percentage point for the fourth quarter, and by 0.7 of a percentage point for the full-year, leading to adjusted EBIT of per-hotel fee for the quarter of $540 million and a full-year number of $1.52 billion. This represents an increase of 19% from 2006. Our FFO per diluted share in the fourth quarter was $0.75, which exceeded the consensus estimate of $0.68. For the year, FFO per diluted share was $1.91, including a reduction of $0.08 per share related to costs associated with debt repayments or refinancing.  This full year performance exceeded analysts consensus by $0.06, although we should note that the excess is generally attributable to lower corporate expenses related to reduced executive stock compensation and the receipt of business interruption proceeds related to our insurance settlement and on the New Orleans Marriott, both of which are not expected to be replicated in 2008. From a demand perspective, the fourth quarter was not as strong as we had anticipated. In general, we experienced slower pick-ups in short-term group bookings and some weakness in transient demand on both the corporate and leisure side. In addition, our portfolio experience disruption from our record CapEx program. As a result, group room nights in the fourth quarter were down over 1%, offset by an increase in average rate of almost 5%, which resulted in a group revenue increase of 3.4%.  We continue to see good performance in some of our major markets including Boston, New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco. However, we did experience softness in some of our resort markets such as Phoenix, south Florida and Hawaii. Transient room nights were down approximately 1.5% for the quarter, as we saw weaker demand in both the corporate and special corporate segments. The reduced occupancy was more than offset by strong rate growth of 8.4% resulting in an overall increase in transient revenues of 6.7%. The strong rate performance occurred across all transient segments. Now let me spend some time on our outlook for 2008. Looking at the major economic data points, most forecasts suggest weaker GDP and employment growth and a slowdown in business investment growth. These economic fundamentals traditionally impact demand in our business, leading to a slight decline in occupancy levels for the year given the projected modest increase in supply growth, and more measured average rate growth. We also expect some negative impact from business disruption generated by our CapEx program, especially in the first half of the year.  On the positive side, our group bookings for the remainder of the year remain strong, indicating revenue growth of more than 7%, compared to this point last year. With all of these factors in mind, we are lowering our 2008 RevPAR guidance to 2% to 4% for our comparable hotels, which in 2008 will now include the Starwood portfolio. On the cost side, while we expect to see increases that are somewhat greater than inflation, we have already begun to implement contingency plans with some of our assets. As a result, we would expect our comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin would range from 0.25% decrease to 25 basis point increase. Based on these assumptions, we expect our FFO per diluted share for the year to be between $1.88 and $1.98 and the adjusted EBITDA of Host LP to be between $1.45 billion and $1.505 billion.  Despite the potential for slower growth and operation, the current environment presents opportunities for our company this year and looking forward. Competitive supply for 2008 in our markets is still expected to be well below historical averages, as the turmoil in the credit markets appears to be impacting the growth rate in 2009 and beyond, as developers are finding it difficult to obtain financing for new projects.  Additionally, our balance sheet has never been stronger, as evidenced by our leverage ration which is calculated under our credit facility at roughly 3.5 times and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which is more than 3 times. We also have full access to our credit facility at extremely attractive rates. This balance sheets strength will allow us to take advantage of evolving market conditions to continue to enhance FFO growth and appreciation in share value over the long term.  One key aspect in this effort is our boards authorization yesterday of a program to repurchase up to 500 million of our common stock. We believe that the current market pricing of our stock is significantly undervalued. Based on the guidance we are providing today, our portfolio is valued at roughly an 8.5 cap rate, which indicates a material discount to the inherent value of our assets. At our current stock price, we are trading at a value of approximately 225,000 per key which a significant discount to our replacement cost of approximately 340,000 to 350,000 per key. Repurchasing our stock, which allows us to invest in one of the best lodging portfolios in the industry, represents a very attractive investment with a very strong IRR.  In addition to purchasing our stock, we intend to invest between $640 million and $650 million in our portfolio in the form of ROI repositioning and maintenance capital expenditures. Major projects in 2008 will include the completion of our new ballroom at the Atlanta Marquis and the near completion of the 62,000 square foot ballroom and meeting space addition we are making at the Chicago Swissotel.  We are also completing lobby and public space renovations at the San Francisco Marriott, the San Antonio River Center Marriott and the Philadelphia Convention Center. In addition, we will be completing major room renovations at the Chicago Swissotel, the New York Financial Center Marriott, the W in New York, the Sheraton in San Diego and the Ritz-Carlton in Buckhead. Looking at acquisitions through 2008, we are not anticipating an active year on the domestic front, so we would guide you to not include any acquisitions in your analysis although we intend to be opportunistic as the marketplace evolves throughout 2008. We intend to be very active in Europe as the financing turmoil has improved our competitive positioning and we will be exploring joint venture opportunities in Asia and Latin America. On the disposition front, we will continue to recycle capital out of our lower growth assets at prices that exceed our hold value. Despite the challenges in the credit market for buyers seeking financing, we are making good progress on a number of deals and guide you to $200 million to $300 million of dispositions primarily in the first half of the year. In summary, we are pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2007 but remain cautious for 2008. We continue to be very excited about the ROI repositioning and value enhancement opportunities we are working on to create value in our portfolio, as well as for the prospect for continued success in future growths of our efforts in Europe and other markets such as Asia.  Thank you and now let me turn the call over to Larry Harvey, our Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our operating and performance for the quarter in year in more detail.
Larry K. Harvey: Thank you, Ed. Let me start by giving you some detail on our comp hotels plus the Starwood portfolio revPAR results. Reflecting a trend in place all year, our urban hotels performed the best during the fourth quarter with revPAR growth of 7.4% as we benefited from strong results in several downtown markets such as Boston, New York and San Francisco. RevPAR at suburban hotels increased by 5.4% for the quarter and our airport hotels increased by 4.8%. RevPAR for our resort conference centers decreased by 1.9% as two hotels were significantly affected by major renovations. For the full year, our urban hotels performed the best with revPAR increasing by 8.1%. RevPAR for our suburban hotels increased 6.2%. Our airport hotels had revPAR growth of 5.7% and our resort hotels had revPAR growth of 1.4% for the year, primarily the result of significant displacement from renovations. Turning to our regional results, the New England region was the top performer with revPAR growth of 16.8%, as our Boston hotels performed exceptionally well due to very strong group bookings citywide. We expect the Boston market to have a good first half of the year and a weaker second half in 2008.  The Mid-Atlantic region enjoyed another great quarter with revPAR growth averaging 8.9%. Our New York City properties performed particularly well with revPAR growth of 11.4%, driven by strong business and leisure transient demand and rate increases. We expect New York City to have a very good 2008 because of strong group bookings during these times, strong leisure transient business, and limited supply growth although the W New York and the New York Marriott Downtown have renovations scheduled in 2008. The Philadelphia market will be affected by [fewer citywide] and a slower group booking pace in 2008.  Our DC metro region also performed well with RevPAR increasing by 6.2% as our downtown hotels led the strong performance. We expect our downtown hotels to continue to perform well in 2008 due to transient demand driven by the election while our suburban hotels will have moderate growth because of weak transient demand.  RevPAR for the Atlanta region increased 4.3% for the quarter, a significant improvement over the third quarter performance. The growth was driven by strong group bookings in midtown but overall RevPAR growth was slightly below expectations as the anticipated short-term transient pickup didnt materialize, particularly in Buckhead. Overall we expect Atlanta to perform in line with our overall portfolio at 2008.  The South Central region performed poorly in the fourth quarter with RevPAR declining 4.1% primarily due to renovations at both of our San Antonio properties where RevPAR fell by over 15% for the quarter. At this point we expect the South Central region to get off to a slow start as the San Antonio renovations wont be complete until the end of the first quarter and then strengthen in the second half of the year.  Overall RevPAR growth for our Pacific region was 5.3% for the quarter. The Los Angeles market built on its strong third quarter with RevPAR up 14.8% as the hotels were able to drive rates with transient business due to a strong group base. The San Francisco market also had a very strong quarter with RevPAR up 10.5% driven by strong [citywide compression]. We expect the San Francisco and Los Angeles markets to have very good years in 2008.  Our two hotels in Hawaii had a weak fourth quarter with RevPAR up 1.4% due to reduced group demand at one hotel and an overall softening in leisure demand. Hawaii is likely to continue to be soft in 2008.  Finally as we discussed on the third quarter call, the Florida market continue to under perform in the fourth quarter as group activity was lower due to renovation displacement and hurricane concerns. RevPAR for our Florida market declined 2.9% for the quarter due to construction disruption at the Harbor Beach Marriott and the Singer Island Hilton [ph]. Looking into 2008 we expect RevPAR for the Florida region to rebound particularly at the Orlando World Center Marriott where well get the full year of the new exhibit hall. For the full year, the mid-Atlantic has been our best region with RevPAR growth of 12.7% followed by the New England region where RevPAR growth was 8.4%. The Atlanta region where growth has been just 1.6% and the North Central region where growth was 2.1% had been our weakest performers. Looking at our European joint venture, RevPAR calculated in euros increased by 4.1% for the quarter as several properties were under going renovations. Performance was partially strong at hotels in Brussels, Venice and Madrid. If calculated in US dollars, RevPAR was up by 16.1%. For the full year, RevPAR was up 7.3% in euros, led by the hotels in Barcelona and Venice. In US dollars RevPAR was up by 17% for the full year.  For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for our comp hotels improved by 50 basis points. Profit flow through the rooms department remained strong while the fourth quarter had our lowest at the F&B revenue growth of the year at 3.3%, flow through with excellence due to growth in catering and banquet business as well as meeting room rentals which resulted in a 60 basis point improvement in food and beverage margin. On the cost side, wages and benefits increased by roughly 3.4% and unallocated costs grew by roughly 4% for the quarter. As anticipated real estate taxes increased by 5.7% as assessed evaluations continue to catch up with increases in property value. On the positive side, utility costs increased less than 2% for the quarter and insurance costs decreased 5%.  For the year we have strong profit flowthrough at the departmental level leading to adjusted comp margin movement of approximately 70 basis points. Full year wage and benefit increases were approximately 3.6% and support cost increases, excluding utility costs, were up 4.3%. Utility costs increased 1.2%, while property taxes increased 5.9% and property insurance increased 5.5%. Looking forward to 2008, we expect that wage and benefit cost will increase slightly more than inflation; we believe that support utility costs should increase with inflation although we expect to receive some savings in our property insurance renewal. We also expect some benefit as our managers and operators further refine and implement cost-reducing contingency plans given the low revPAR environment. As a result we expect comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margins to decrease 25 basis points at the low end of the range and increase 25 basis points at the high end of the range.  Effective with this earning release, we have changed our methodology for calculating adjusted EBITDA for entities where we dont have 100% of the equity. EBITDA for these entities, both consolidated and unconsolidated, will now reflect our pro rata ownership. Previously adjusted EBITDA was reduced by the amount of cash distributed to the minority owners of entities consolidated and EBITDA was increased by the amount of cash we received by unconsolidated equity investments. The primarily reason for the change in methodology is that including only the cash distributed in adjusted EBITDA is not representative of the performance of these subsidiaries because it is retained by the entities for future investment in the properties or for other purposes, particularly in international entities where it is more cost-effective to maintain cash in a foreign jurisdiction. The new methodology is also consistent with many companies in the lodging industry. We finished the year with the strongest balance sheet in our history as well as with exceptional liquidity, coverage and fixed-charge ratios. At year end we had $488 million of cash of which $212 million was used for our January dividend payment. The remaining balance of approximately $275 million will be used to maintain working capital of roughly $100 million to $125 million, as well as fund additional investments in our portfolio, our European joint venture, for stock buybacks, and for other corporate purposes. We have less than $250 million of debt maturities in 2008 which primarily consists of the mortgage for the Orlando World Center Marriott. We have excellent relationships with a number of lenders and to the extent that the high yield debt market is too expensive, we are very comfortable in our ability to obtain favorable secured financing terms from insurance companies on the refinancing of its $210 million mortgage. Our first quarter guidance is affected by several items, including a lower group booking pace in the first quarter relative to the rest of the year, the level of our capital expenditure activity is much more significant in the first quarter of 08 versus the first quarter of 07, and the bulk of the Easter vacation holiday will be in our first quarter this year versus the second quarter in 2007 for our Marriott properties.  All of that leads to our expectations that revPAR growth for our comparable hotels for the first quarter will be near the low end of our full year guidance and that first quarter diluted FFO per share will be in the range of $0.29 to $0.30. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interested in answering any questions you may have.  
Operator: Your first question comes from Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank. 
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank : Maybe you can share with us a little bit more color on the guidance. You mentioned the slower group pick up in the fourth quarter. What are the chances that happens throughout 2008? Where Im going with that is if you can share with us what percentage of your group nights are already on the books, and what needs to go right to get the 4% and what needs to go wrong to get the 2%? Any color on that would be great, thanks.
Edward Walter:  I guess the way Id look at it is if you look at the booking so far for this year and really even through the end of last year for 2008, have been trending very well. As we indicated on the call if you look at how 2008 plays out for the rest of the year from a group perspective, were up in a room night perspective, were up in a rate perspective and overall we think well be north of the 7% increase for the business thats on the books. That business represents roughly 75% of the group room nights that we would expect to see this year, so it obviously represents a significant chunk of the business that we should ultimately end up with for the full year.  I would say in trying to speculate what actually happens on the group side, we have not seen significant attrition yet in any of our hotels, we are not seeing more than isolated cancellations so far and so the only trend that we have seen that did cause some concern is the one we mentioned which is the fact that we have been noticing that as you get closer to the particular month when the group events would happen or a particular month of operations we are finding that the short-term pickup is not matched up with prior levels.  Some of the explanation for that of course is due to the fact that we have been running ahead generally in terms of our group activities, so there have been less group rooms available. But I think at the end of the day we are seeing that the events that are being scheduled in the near term have not been occurring at the same pace and we saw that throughout almost the entire fourth quarter and I think that were still seeing it as we work our way into the beginning part of 2008.  I think what thats reflective of is what you would expect: as the economy gets to be a bit weaker and businesses and corporations tend to be a little bit more conservative in how they spend their money this unfortunately, the short-term group events tend to be the things that are the first casualty.  Id still say overall that I think our group business for the year will be up and I think that one of the keys will be to what extent and how strongly its up and how quickly we start to see the economy recover. If the weakness that were seeing right now begins to dissipate and we get back on a more normal growth pattern by the second half of the year then I think youll see that short-term activity pick up, and youll see us towards the high end of the revPAR guidance that weve provided.
Operator: Well go next to [Penford Scholes]  JP Morgan
[Penford Scholes]  JP Morgan: With your announcement this morning of some potential or possibility for share repurchases, what is your new comfort level with where debt should be on your debt to EBITDA? On your balance sheet right now your about 3.5 times trailing. Whats your comfort level with that ratio?
Edward Walter:
 : We certainly feel that with a debt to EBITDA at 3.5 times that we have a significant amount of capacity. We could easily move back towards a level where we were at 5 times and we would still feel that we were in a very safe position. Now I wouldnt want you to read that to say that were going to be aggressively investing over the near term to try to move our debt to EBITDA from where we are right now to a level like that.  I think maybe to speak more broadly to the whole stock repurchase question, we certainly feel that looking at where the stock price is today, its a compelling value. Having said that, we also recognize that theres a fair amount of uncertainty around the economic outlook for this year, which obviously translates into uncertainty in our business and were also interested to see what sort of opportunities might evolve on the acquisition front.  So I think what youre going to see from us here is that we certainly do intend to buy stock back. We will probably take a measured approach, especially in the beginning of the year, comparing that option to other options that might be available from an acquisition perspective and all this needs to be balanced against the overall economic environment and whats going on in the lodging industry.
[Penford Scholes]  JP Morgan: With your renovations for 2008, can you give me an estimate of how many basis points of margin those renovations will have an impact and how does that compare to the impact in 2007 from renovations?
Edward Walter: Its really tricky to try to tie renovations into the impact on margin, I think what we were indicating last year is that we thought that the renovations were costing us a point or two of revPAR growth. As I would look at 08, I would guess that certainly to think that our renovation activities would cost us a point or more in revPAR growth for the full year is probably a realistic assessment of the impact. That would probably guide me to think that it would cost us a quarter of a point, maybe 35 basis points of margin growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley : In your guidance you talk about $300 million of dispositions, mostly front end loaded. Who can fund acquisitions of that size or is it just the number of hotels are small enough that you dont need to borrow a lot of money to do it? You talked about being opportunistic in terms of acquisitions but theres been a stalemate between buyers and sellers on transactions of a more significant size. When do you think that stalemate breaks? Is it the summer or is it earlier than that, later than that?
Larry K. Harvey:
 : Let me start with whos buying first then Ill jump into that speculative comment. In terms of who is buying, there are still folks that are lending out there. The lending environment has moved from CNBS lenders being really the dominant source of funds to balance sheet lenders whether it is like companies or banks that tend to be balance sheet lenders providing the financing.  So what were finding with our buyers is our buyers tend to be lower profile companies, usually private companies, that still have good lending relationships and access to capital. The interesting thing in our world right now from an acquisition perspective or from us looking at it in this context of disposing of assets is there still a fair amount of equity capital that has been raised that has not yet been placed. So part of what youre seeing happening here is leverage is probably going down a little bit. Youre seeing some adjustment in terms of expectations on return and youre ultimately finding that at lower leverage levels some of these balance sheet lenders are more comfortable and consequently are providing funds.  Now having said that, there is no doubt that the disposition market from our perspective has gotten a lot more choppy and a number of the transactions that were working on now that we are hopeful will close over the next quarter or so are transactions that we would have felt fairly confident were going to close in the fourth quarter before the financing debacle began.  So its a much more difficult environment to complete sales but we do feel we have buyers that we in many cases we have a long track record with and we pre-qualify from a financing perspective in order to go into contract with them. Now looking at how long it takes for the stalemate between buyers and sellers to evolve, thats a real tough question to look at. I mean I think youve already seen some cap rate movement at the lower level of quality in the industry. We would generally think that cap rates have moved 100 basis points or slightly more on many of the types of assets that were selling. It still make sense for us to sell those assets because as we do the process that we go through in selling an asset, it is always to look at what we think the hold value would be, which is roughly equivalent to what we would be prepared to pay for the asset. As long as were able to sell the asset for a price better than that then we feel its a good decision to be a seller. But clearly the delta between the sale price and the hold value has come down over the course of the last six to seven months. I think a lot of it is going to depend upon where financing ultimately settles in and right now the markets are so illiquid, its really hard to predict where a rate would be certainly outside of the balance sheet areas, it is difficult to predict where rates are going to be. As that begins to settle down, you get a little bit more liquidity in the financial markets, youll probably start to see pricing begin to adjust as velocity in the market begins to increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Crow - Raymond James.
Bill Crow - Raymond James : You said that cap rates on potential sales have moved up 100 bips. Can you give me a ballpark range of where you think that is today on those assets? Is that up to 8? 7.5?
Edward Walter: I would say that, as best as we can judge it, we would probably say for the top quality assets in the market, youre still looking at cap rates in the 6.5 to 7.5 range. I think as you work your way up to maybe airport -- still good, but airport-style hotels or full-service hotels located in suburban markets -- youre probably more in that 8 to 9 range now.
Bill Crow - Raymond James : I think the statement was made earlier that youre trading at an 8.5% implied cap rate today or your stock price at 225,000 per key but you believe the portfolio is worth 340,000 to 350,000 per key. What does that imply for a cap rate if you get back to that  asset value number?
Larry K. Harvey: Bill, theres a couple of different concepts in there. I think what we said is were trading at about an 8.5 and I think generally feeling that a great majority of our portfolio would fit into the top quality assets here, because the assets that were selling represents just a very minor part of our portfolio, especially when you look at an EBITDA range. I think we would feel comfortable that the bulk of our portfolio should be valued in that 6.5 to 7.5 cap rate range that I mentioned.  Thats what it would sell for today. The 340 to 350 replacement cost number is what it would cost to rebuild that portfolio at current pricing. So those are slightly different numbers and thats why that -- Im sure why youre asking that question is in part because the delta seemed to be a bit big and that is the explanation.
Bill Crow - Raymond James : Finally, what do you see as your recurring CapEx number for this year? Are you still in that 310 to 325 sort of range?
Larry K. Harvey:   I would say long term we would still expect that recurring CapEx should be about 5% of revenues. This years going to be a little bit higher and Id say that roughly 50% of the capital that we projected to spend is going to turn out to be in maintenance CapEx.
Bill Crow - Raymond James : 50%?
Larry K. Harvey:   50% of that overall number.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Loeb - Edgar.
David Loeb - Edgar : Just a follow-up on the cap rate question. As you look at acquisitions is it the same kind of trend that youve just described? Can you talk a little about cap rates in Europe, Asia, and Latin America?
Laura Wright:   Certainly on the properties that wed be trying to acquire it generally follows the same trends that I described. I think as you look at Europe, you would find that cap rates there have traditionally been a bit lower, about 100 basis points lower then where they have been in the U.S. As best as we can tell that still stands, seems to be the case. As you move outside of the U.S. and Europe and look to some of the other environments you would typically see higher cap rates but they will vary considerably based upon the volatility versus stability of the particular market that you are investing in.
David Loeb - Edgar : As you looked in Asia and Latin American are you considering a fund structure or you looking at more of a straight JV?
Edward Walter:   In terms of investing outside of the U.S. in either Asia or Latin America we would be looking to invest in the form of a JV. Wed been very happy and pleased with the way our European effort has progressed. As I mentioned, wed invested more than EUR 1billion in Europe in the last two years, that represents slightly in excess of two-thirds of the overall capital that we expect to invest in our first fund. By using the JV, as many of you may remember, we not only typically use local countries which I think tends to limit some of our exposure to currency issues but more importantly we get the opportunity there in asset management fees and a promote within the overall structure of the venture because we are typically using sources of capital that have lower return expectations then we do.  So especially in these international markets I think we find that approaching these from a JV prospective makes a lot of sense and it allows us to increase our return and frankly because we combine more assets with less of our capital it also allows us to diversify a bit as we invest in foreign markets.
David Loeb - Edgar : So if Im hearing you right youre talking about a discretionary fund type of structure where you line up investors but you have control of the timing and the investment decision?
Edward Walter: It will depend upon the jurisdiction; I mean our efforts in these areas are relatively preliminary so a lot of it would depend upon whether we would end up with multiple investors which would be the fund approach that you are describing, David, or its also possible and we would be very open to this, is that we might pursue an approach where we would have just one or two or three signature investors, be more of a club transaction.  Not surprisingly if you have a smaller investor group, then youre probably not going to end up with discretion in that format, but youll be playing a leading role in terms of deciding what the venture buys.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Truelove - UBS.
William Truelove - UBS : Did you guys say how much CapEx you anticipated spending this year?
Laura Wright:   About $650 million.
William Truelove - UBS : And of that, half of its going to be maintenance right?
Laura Wright:   Correct.
William Truelove - UBS : This is just sort of an accounting question, if you guys are anticipating selling assets in the first half of the year, I noticed on your balance sheet you dont have any assets held for sale listed. How does that work? 
Edward Walter:   Im going to turn that question over to our CFO rather than try to describe that for you. Larry, would you explain that to everybody?
Laura Wright:   Our policy, as we explained very detailed in our 10-K is that we have to have a signed contract and capital at risk, money at risk, by the buyer before that asset goes into held for sale. What you see last year in that $96 million number, we had several properties under contract where the buyer had gone hard on the contract so theres money at risk and they were classified as held for sale. As of the end of the year there werent any in that position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Rose - CBW.
Steve Rose - CBW : Im curious your European joint venture, what is the debt on that now and what is your effective pro forma interest in the JV at this point?
Edward Walter:   We have right now about EUR 685 million of debt on that joint venture. The average leverage ratio is probably somewhere around 60%, 62%. We own a third of the venture in our limited partner position before taking into account any of the benefits we would receive from our promote.
Steve Rose - CBW : Youve slightly adjusted the way that you show your EBITDA and thats essentially adding back a full third of the EBITDA from the venture, is that more or less right? Versus just whatever your net income was at it previously?
Edward Walter:   Thats correct. Before what we used to show would be the cash that we would distribute from the venture. One of the things that we have found, as we have begun to operate in Europe is that generally in the context of how the venture is run and dealing with some of the restrictions you run into on distributing cash in foreign environments, it just is a lot more logical to leave the cash over there and then use that for subsequent reinvestment needs, either for new properties or for CapEx. Consequentially, we have not distributed as much cash as we have frankly earned in the market and so as we looked at that and looked how others were addressing EBITDA we felt that the change that we were making was appropriate.
Steve Rose - CBW : Where in your income statement are the insurance proceeds included?
Larry K. Harvey:   In the expense side, its the gain on insurance settlement. Its a credit on the expense side, accounting symmetry, but in the detail that is on page 9.
Operator: Well go next to Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns.
Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns : Good morning guys, a question back on the CapEx for 08. Can you break that out by quarter? I know you said the renovations will be a little bit heavier in 1Q.
Edward Walter:   We dont have a quarterly breakout right now. The impact will be larger in the first quarter, but I think were probably guessing somewhere around $125 million to $150 million in the first quarter, but itll be generally strong throughout the entire year.  Part of the point we were making relative to the impact being greater in the first quarter is really the year-over-year delta. One of the things that we ran into in the fourth quarter, which I think did have an impact on our occupancy to some degree, was the fact that in 06 we had spent about $140 million in CapEx in the fourth quarter and in 07 we spent about $250 million. Well as we look at the displacement thats coming from some of the capital plans that we have for the first quarter, were seeing that our displacement in the first quarter is going to be three to four times more than what it was in 07. so the level of CapEx, Im not certain in the first quarter overall is going to be that different from the rest of the year, some of that will just tie to the actual timing of when projects are completed, but the impact of that capital on our operations, because its either big rooms redo projects or its some larger meeting space renovations will be greater than what we would have experienced in 2007.
Operator: Well go next to Joshua Eddie - Citi.
Joshua Eddie - Citi : Can you talk about why you feel comfortable that you could hold the margin decline to only 25 basis points at the low end of your guidance, maybe in the context of you only did 50 basis points on a 5% to 6% revPAR gain in the fourth quarter.
Edward Walter: Thats a good question and, frankly, its an issue that we spent a fair amount of time thinking about in trying to decide where to guide you for the year. Because I think youre right from the standpoint in a normal environment, if you were to be, I can only talk in terms of the mid-point of the guidance just to make the conversation simpler, if you were to look at 3% revPAR you would probably say generally that you wouldnt expect flat margins at 3% RevPAR.  The reason why we think that thats achievable is because having watched some of the weakness develop at the end of the fourth quarter, we were fairly proactive in circling back with our operators and encouraging the development of contingency plans, really at the end of last year. So in certain weak markets, say Chicago, Philadelphia, Orange County and a couple of others, weve already implemented the contingency plans or the first steps in some of the contingency plans that have been developed for the hotels.  So as a result of that, while the normal flow-through that you would expect would probably guide you to think that the margin performance would be worse than weve indicated, our sense is that because of the efforts that well be making at the properties and because were making them quickly, we should be able to restrain some of the margins, the effect of lower RevPAR and lower overall revenues on our margins.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude todays question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter for any additional or closing remarks.
Edward Walter: Great, well thank you very much for joining us on this call today. We appreciated the opportunity to discuss our results and our outlook with you. We look forward to providing you with much more insight into how 2008 is playing in our first quarter call in late April. Thanks again and have a good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-10 10:56:00) =====
Executives: Greg Larson  IR Chris Nassetta - President, CEO Ed Walter - EVP, CFO
Analysts:  Bill Crow - Raymond James Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Harry Curtis  JP Morgan Joe Greff - Bear Stearns William Truelove - UBS Ricky Pehret - KBC Financial Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts Incorporated thirdquarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At thistime, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call overto SVP Greg Larson. Please go ahead, sir.
Greg Larson: Thank you. Welcome to the Host Hotels & Resorts thirdquarter earnings call. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone thatmany of the comments made today are considered to be forward-looking statementsunder federal securities laws. As described in our filings with the SEC, thesestatements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could causefuture results to differ from those expressed; and we are not obligated topublicly update or revise these forward-looking statements. Additionally, on today's call we will discuss certainnon-GAAP financial information, such as FFO, adjusted EBITDA, and comparablehotel results. You can find this information, together with the reconciliationsto the most directly comparable GAAP information, in today's earnings press release,in our 8-K filed with the SEC, and on our website at HostHotels.com. This morning Chris Nassetta, our President and CEO, willprovide a brief overview of our third quarter results, and then we'll describeour current operating environment, as well as the company's outlook for theremainder of 2007 and next year. Ed Walter, our CFO, will then provide greaterdetail on our third quarter results, including regional performance and marketperformance. Following their remarks, we will be available to respond to yourquestions. Now here's Chris.
Chris Nassetta: Thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. We are pleased toreport another quarter of strong results for the company. Unlike the first twoquarters of this year, RevPAR surprised on the upside at 70 basis points higherthan the high end of our guidance, driven by much stronger transient demandthan anticipated. The result was one of the best third quarters in the historyof our company. We feel good about the fourth quarter and 2008, which I'll discussin more details in a few minutes. First, let's talk more specifically about the third quarterresults. Our FFO per diluted share for the third quarter increased 36% to$0.38, which exceeded the consensus estimate by $0.05 a share. Our pro formacomp hotels, which included our current comp hotels plus the hotels we acquiredin the Starwood transaction, had a RevPAR increase in the quarter of 7.2%,driven by a 5.1% increase in average rate and a 1.5 percentage point increasein occupancy. Comparable hotel adjusted operating profit margin growth wasstrong for the quarter, with margins increasing 140 basis points. The adjustedEBITDA of Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. for the quarter was $292 million, anincrease of more than 15% over the third quarter of 2006. On a year-to-date basis, our pro forma comp RevPAR increased7% as a result of a 5.7% increase in average rate, and a 0.8 percentage pointincrease in occupancy. Comparable hotel-adjusted operating profit marginsincreased 70 basis points. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA was $969 million, anincrease of over 19%. For the quarter, comparable food and beverage revenues increasedover 5% with strong flow-through resulting in an increase in departmentalprofit margins of 200 basis points. This strong margin performance is due tocontinued growth in highly profitable F&B areas including banquet andmeeting room rentals. Despite the anticipated softenings in group business forthe quarter, we were able to drive higher-rated banquet business, resulting ina 7.4% increase in the average banquet check for the portfolio. Approximatelyhalf of our hotels reported double-digit increases in food and beveragerevenues, with exceptional performances from the Sheraton New York, thePhiladelphia Downtown Marriott hotel, and the J.W. Marriott Desert Springshotel. Turning to demand, transient business was very strong duringthe quarter as room nights were up over 4%, with stronger demand in our premiumand other segments of transient, in part driven by stronger than anticipatedleisure demand in many markets, especially Boston, New York, San Diegoand Orlando. The increase intransient demand, combined with a transient average rate increase ofapproximately 5.7% resulted in a double-digit increase in transient revenues inthe third quarter. Group average rate increased over 4%. However, as weexpected, group demand was soft in the third quarter, and combined withrenovation displacement, resulted in only a modest increase in group revenue.Looking forward, we are optimistic that the transient strength we experiencedin the third quarter will carry over into the fourth quarter. In addition, ourgroup booking pace continues to look very solid for the fourth quarter, withgroup revenue forecasted to be up approximately 6% and is exceptionally strongin 2008 with revenue pace up approximately 10%, giving us confidence that 2008will be a very positive year for group business. On the external growth front, there's really nothing new onacquisitions in North America. As a result, we would guide you not to includeany acquisitions for the remainder of the year. As we've discussed over the past several quarters, our focusis on investing in our existing portfolio, which we believe is still the bestplace to allocate capital and will position the portfolio to outperform in 2009and beyond. On the disposition front, we'll continue to recycle capitalout of lower growth assets at prices that exceed our hold value. Despite thecurrent issues in the credit markets and the increased challenges buyers havefaced in obtaining financing, we're making good progress on a number of dealsand are maintaining our guidance on dispositions of $200 million to $400million, some of which will likely close in the first quarter of 2008. In Europe, early in the third quarter we announced theacquisition of three properties in Brussels by our European joint venture,including the 262-room Renaissance Brussels hotel, the 218-room BrusselsMarriott hotel, and the Marriott Executive Apartments. As you recall, thecompany entered into the European joint venture in March of 2006 and acquiredsix spectacular European hotels, including marquee assets such as the Westin Palace in Madrid,the Westin Palacein Milan, and the Westin Europa in Regina,located on the Grand Canal in Venice. In August of 2006, the joint venture added the 483-roomHotel Arts Barcelona, a Ritz Carlton hotel, to its portfolio. The Hotel Artsacquisition, combined with the recent three acquisitions in Brussels,brings the joint venture's total investment the over EUR 1 billion and reflectsa geographically diversified portfolio with ten properties in five countrieswith approximately 3,200 total rooms. These properties continue to performexceptionally well, and we look forward to growing our business in Europe. Now let me spend a few moments on the outlook for theremainder of this year and next year. For the full year, we're maintaining ourguidance for pro forma comp hotel RevPAR growth of 6.5% to 7.5% and comparablemargin growth of 75 to 100 basis points. Based on these assumptions, we expectdiluted FFO per share to be between $1.81 and $1.85, including $0.08 per shareof expenses related to costs associated with refinancing. Our guidance foradjusted EBITDA for Host L.P. is $1.46 billion to $1.48 billion. As we look to 2008, we believe the fundamentals of thebusiness remain positive, with demand growth that will continue to exceeddisplay growth. In fact, we believe supply growth will be further slowed byissues related to the current state of the capital markets. Our group bookingpace remains strong with good rate growth, and while early in the negotiationprocess, indications from our managers are that special corporate rateincreases will be in the 6% to 8% range. While we are just beginning our property level budgetingprocess, our preliminary discussions with our operators and general managers,as well as our review of booking pace and other metrics, indicate RevPAR growthin the range of 5% to 7% for the year, with margin growth somewhat lower thanthis year. At this early stage in the budgeting process, we're notcomfortable giving guidance on earnings, but we'll provide you more detailsonce we've completed our budget process. As we've mentioned before, we have instituted our newdividend policy, under which we expect to declare a fixed $0.20 per sharecommon dividend each quarter, as well as a special common dividend in thefourth quarter of each year, the amount of which will be based on our level oftaxable income. Based on the guidance we've given, we now expect the specialcommon dividend for 2007 to be in the range of $0.15 to $0.25 per share,resulting in a full year dividend of $0.95 to $1.05. In summary, we're very pleased with our third quarterresults and feel good about the remainder of 2007 and 2008, based on ourexpectations for fundamentals in the business, including a supply growthforecast that remains below historical averages. We continue to believe thatthe current growth cycle in lodging will remain favorable. Our portfolio willbe as well-positioned as it ever has been to benefit from these strongfundamentals, particularly given the significant investment we're making in ourassets. Thank you. Now I'm going to turn the call over to Ed Walter,our CFO, who will discuss our third quarter performance in a little bit moredetail.
Ed Walter: Thank you, Chris. Let me start by giving you some detail onour pro forma comp hotel RevPAR results. Reflecting the trend in place allyear, our downtown hotels performed the best during the third quarter withRevPAR growth of 8.1%, as we benefited from strong performance in severaldowntown markets such as New York,Philadelphia, and Denver. RevPAR at our suburban hotels increased by 6.3% for thequarter, and our airport hotels increased by 6.2%. Our resort conferencecenters increased by 5.1%, improving significantly from the prior quarter, asoccupancy increased by 2 percentage points as compared to the decline weexperienced in the second quarter. Turning to our regional results, consistent with the firsttwo quarters of the year, our top performing region was the mid-Atlantic, whichexperienced 15.5% RevPAR growth. Our New York Cityproperties performed especially well, with RevPAR growth averaging more than17%, driven by strong leisure transient demand. The Philadelphiamarket also did extremely well, as several major citywide events drove stronggroup demand, and the popular King Tut exhibit created strong leisure demand.These two factors combined to drive RevPAR growth of almost 15%, one ofPhilly's best quarters in recent memory. The combination of the slowerconvention calendar and disruption caused by a comprehensive lobby renovationat our 1,400-room convention hotel will result in weaker performance in Philadelphiain the fourth quarter. The New Yorkmarket should continue to perform well, but growth rates are expected to easeslightly in the fourth quarter as our hotels are already running north of 90%occupancy, forcing RevPAR improvement to occur primarily through rate growth. Our mountain region performed well, with RevPAR increasingby 9.5%, as the Denver market had astrong quarter, driven primarily by solid citywide events with RevPAR growth ofover 13%. As a result of slightly weaker group booking pace, RevPAR growth inthe fourth quarter in both Denverand the region will likely be somewhat slower. Our New England region reboundedbetter than expected from a soft first half of the year, experiencing RevPARgrowth of 6.8% as our downtown Bostonhotels benefited from strong leisure transient demand. We expect a very strongfourth quarter in the region as our downtown Boston hotels have very solidgroup bookings. Overall RevPAR growth in the Pacific region was also solidat 6.7%, with good performance in most markets. The L.A.market performed quite well, with RevPAR up 13%, as occupancies rose by 6percentage points due to solid group and transient demand. Our two desertresorts, the Westin Mission Hills and Marriott Desert Springs, had greatquarters with RevPAR growth averaging close to 20% and our Marina Del Rayproperties also did well, posting roughly 18% RevPAR growth. As anticipated,our Hawaii hotels rebounded,posting RevPAR gains of roughly 6%, driven by strong leisure transient demand,and our San Francisco hotelsincreased by 7% led by our Ritz Carlton, which posted a RevPAR gain of over14%. The region should continue to do well in the fourth quarter, especially inL.A. and San Diego. As expected, the Atlanta region had a weak quarter as RevPARdeclined by 1%. This weaker performance was experienced across the market inboth group and transient segments and generally is attributable to acombination of difficult year-over-year comparables and fewer citywide events.Fortunately, this trend is expected to reverse in the fourth quarter, andcitywide events are projected to strengthen considerably, leading to strongRevPAR gains. Finally, our Floridamarket also underperformed with RevPAR growth of just 1.9%, due to constructiondisruption at two of our larger hotels, the Harbor Beach Marriott and TampaWaterside Marriott, and generally weak demand trends at the Naples Ritz Carltonand Orlando World Center hotels. Unfortunately, Floridawill continue to be weak during the fourth quarter as group activity remainssoft due to renovation displacement and hurricane concerns. Year-to-date, the mid-Atlantic has been our best region withRevPAR growth of 15.1%, followed by the Mountain region, where RevPAR growthwas slightly in excess of 9%. The Atlantic region, where growth has been just0.4% and the north central region, where growth was 3.7%, have been our weakestperformers. Looking at our European JV, we had an outstanding thirdquarter as RevPAR, calculated in euros, increased by 11.6%. Performance hasbeen particularly strong in Barcelona,where RevPAR at our Hotel Arts increased by 22%; and in Venice,where the Westin Europa Regina increased by almost 30%. If calculated in U.S.dollars, RevPAR was up by 19% for the quarter. For the quarter, adjusted operating profit margins for ourcomp hotels improved by 140 basis points, our best performance of the year.Profit flowthrough in the rooms department was strong, despite the fact that 20%of the growth in RevPAR occurred because of increased occupancy. As Chrisdescribed, our F&B profit growth was also great, as strong marginimprovement led to great flowthrough. Finally, other revenues grew about 11% as parking revenuesincreased at many hotels, and we benefited from increases at our spas, golfcourses, and Internet access sales. On the cost side, wages and benefits increased by roughly4.2% and unallocated costs grew by 4% for the quarter. As anticipated, realestate taxes increased by 9% as assessed valuations is begin to catch up withincreases in property values. On the positive side, utility costs have declinedslightly for the quarter, as did insurance costs. The net result was comparablehotel adjusted operating profit growth of 13%, which represented 47%flowthrough for the quarter. Year-to-date, our comp margins have improved 70 basispoints. We continue to expect that margin growth for the fourth quarter shouldexceed the pace we have achieved during the first three quarters of the year,leading to full year margin growth in the range of 75 to 100 basis points. On the capital expenditure front, year-to-date we haveinvested roughly $375 million in capital items with approximately $210 millionrepresenting ROI and repositioning expenditures. For the year, we now expect tospend between $600 million and $625 million on capital improvements, with $315 millionto $325 million allocated towards ROI and repositioning expenditures. We completed the quarter with $559 million of cash; $190million of this amount will be deployed later this week to repay theoutstanding balance on a mortgage loan secured by four of our hotels. Theremaining balance of $370 million will be used to maintain working capital ofapproximately $100 million to $125 million, as well as fund additional investmentsin our portfolio, acquisitions by the company or our European JV, additionaldebt repayments, or for other corporate purposes. We also have full capacity onour $600 million credit facility. As we have detailed today, we continue experiencing greatgrowth on the top line and excellent flowthrough at the bottom line, leading tovery strong EBITDA and FFO growth. Our outlook for operating trends for theremainder of the year remains favorable and our company is well positioned totake advantage of any opportunities that might present themselves in the comingmonths. This completes our prepared remarks. We are now interestedin answering any questions you may have.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Bill Crow - RaymondJames.
Bill Crow - RaymondJames: I know the group booking pace for next year has beenaccelerating. Has the number of cancellations also been accelerating for nextyear so that net-net, you're still above? If that's the case, what sort of groupsare canceling?
Chris Nassetta: I think the answer is no. We haven't seen any unusualpattern in cancellations in the fourth quarter, frankly, or for '08. There's notypical type of cancellation. Obviously, we periodically have cancellations,but it's really more of a random event than any kind of systemic issue. So thebooking pace, when we think about revenue pace being up 10% year over year,which is obviously better than where we were a quarter ago, I think it shouldbe viewed as we view it, which is a very good signal of strong group businessfor 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - GoldmanSachs: It sounds like the transient customer base is showingstrength. When you look out into Q4 and into 2008, are you starting to allocatemore and more towards that customer base and pulling back on group? I didn'tknow how actively you were managing that. The second question is just on corporate expense, it lookedlike it came in a little bit light again. Can you talk about what kind ofinitiatives you have there and what we should be thinking about over the nextcouple of quarters?
Chris Nassetta: On the first question, group mix, no, we are very activelyhaving dialogue with all of our operators on this issue. I would say year overyear on the margin, obviously, it depends on the strategy for each hotel, butif you aggregate all the hotels together on the margin, we're a little bitheavier in group. That is really not because we think transient is going to beweak, but we're still of the belief that many of the hotels that have a littlebit heavier group base allows us to measure the transient business that muchmore aggressively and that the bottom line result will be better. I think if you look at the year when we finish the year nextyear, it won't be radically different from a mix point of view between groupand transient, but it will be marginally a little bit more group in aggregate. As I said, there are exceptions to that. Clearly in New York, recognizing that's the strongest market in thecountry, it's going the other way. We have a very active strategy of modestlyreducing the group base in our New Yorkhotels, because we have experienced incredibly strong transient growth and weexpect to have that continue. Whether it continues at the pace that it has isunclear. We think it will continue to be strong and on the margin we thinkhaving a little bit lighter group representation in that market will lead us toa better result next year. On the corporate G&A, there are a number of items thatare impacting that year over year. The two biggest are last year in the firsttwo or three quarters in the year, we had a number of what I would describe asunique expenses related to the Starwood transaction and the financing relatedto that transaction, which are obviously not repeating themselves, so that isreducing the G&A. Another significant component of it is stock compensation.Just based on the formulas that are used, based on where the stock price istoday and an expectation of what the management restricted stock program is,honestly, it's just lower based on overall performance of the stock and you'reseeing that reflected in the year-to-date results. My guess is, of coursedepending on where the stock is, you'll see some continued benefit, as painfulas that might be to some of us, in the fourth quarter.
Steve Kent - GoldmanSachs: There's no catch-up, Chris, though in the fourth quarter onthat part. Because that's the one we were thinking about, is the stock part.It's not like you are shifting some cash compensation?
Chris Nassetta: No, it's ratably done. The impact in the fourth quarterwould be driven more by where the stock price goes than anything.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis  JP Morgan.
Harry Curtis - JPMorgan: Chris, you talked about the group pace for next year lookingup in the neighborhood of 10%. Can you talk about where that's coming from?Does it lean more towards renovations? Is it more citywide? Is it just generalexpectations for economic strength? Is it superior management? What do youattribute to?
Chris Nassetta: All of the above. Harry, I think it's just that we're seeinghonestly very good strength, generally, in the group business. We're obviouslylooking at a situation where you've had pretty good demand growth and it'srequired, I think for a lot of the groups, that they book a little bit furtherin advance, because there's not as much availability. So I think it's been the general strength of the economy,the general strength in the corporate and association side of the business, andthen benefited somewhat by the fact that the booking window is getting longer,people have to think about booking business a little bit further out in time inorder to make sure they can get their meetings in. But it's no one specificarea. Frankly, we're seeing it generally strengthen throughout all ourcategories.
Harry Curtis - JPMorgan: As a follow-up, can you talk about the hotels that have beenin renovation that have hurt your occupancy this year, and what does that looklike next year? What I'm getting to with this question is, when do you thinkthat from a renovation point of view, you're really going to be firing on allcylinders?
Chris Nassetta: That's a great question, because I mentioned in our lastcall that we were going to have the largest CapEx program in our history thisyear, which is true. You heard Ed describe some of the numbers. What I alsosaid in the last call, and I'm not sure people necessarily heard me, was thatwhile we thought it might taper off a bit next year, we were going to haveactually a very large program next year as well as a follow-on to some of thethings we've started this year as well as other projects, particularly ROIrepositioning projects that we thought had merit and where we were gettinggreat yields. While it might be a little lighter, honestly, it was goingto be not much lighter and fairly comparable to this year. I'm not sure thatpeople picked up on that as much as we'd liked them to have. In terms of disruption, to answer your question, in '08versus '07, we think it's going to be generally comparable, given that theprogram is going to be generally comparable and it's really '09 and beyond wherethe program, in terms of our expectations right now, drops off more materiallyand where you start to see the benefit of that as a result of less dislocationand disruption.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff - Bear Stearns.
Joe Greff - BearStearns: Chris, just following up on that last comment, and I knowyou didn't provide '08 CapEx forecast, should we be looking at '08 capitalinvestment, capital spend as similar to '07 then, or should it come down alittle bit?
Chris Nassetta: I think it probably is going to be comparable. As you'veseen over the last couple of quarters, the numbers come down a little bit, justbecause as quickly as we try and do these things, inevitably some of them takelonger. So over the last couple of quarters, the number for '07 has come down alittle bit. We're looking at 6 to 625 now. I think best I know right now andwe're finishing that process, I would say the safe number would be comparableto that, maybe slightly less. Obviously, when we speak with you next, we'll give you abetter feel for that. It's in the range of where we are this year and then in'09, the expectation is it would drop off pretty materially.
Joe Greff - BearStearns: You mentioned earlier, that included in your preliminary orinitial stab at '08 that margin improvement would be less in '08 than you didin '07. When you look at '08 and you try to stress RevPAR growth to marginimprovement, what kind of RevPAR growth gives you a push on margins? Is it3.5%, 4%?
Chris Nassetta: 3.5% to 4%. The reason, obviously, we haven't gone throughthe property-by-property budget process yet. I should say, it's being workedon, but we haven't finished it or rolled it up. That's why we can't really giveyou a refined sense of where we think we are going to be, but obviously if youjust do the simple math and take a midpoint of the range, for example, whatwe've said next year and compare it to this year, just the arithmetic wouldsuggest margins have to be lower. But to answer the question, specifically, yes I think thenumber you threw out is fair. 3.5% to 4%, I think we would be at a push.
Joe Greff - BearStearns: One final question and I'll get off. When you look at the 5%to 7% growth for next year, what would that number be without renovationdisruption?
Chris Nassetta: It's hard to say and I hate to try and pick a number. Ithink what I said on the last call is that we were probably 1 to 2 points ofdisruption this year and given that the program's comparable, it's probably notunrealistic to assume that the impact would be comparable.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Truelove - UBS.
William Truelove -UBS: My question was also about margins for next year. Marriottrecently, one of your largest operators, suggested they were almost running outof things in terms of cost savings, so it was more just down to pricing. Areyour other operators suggesting a similar kind of environment for margins orcost-saving potential for next year as well?
Chris Nassetta: One of the benefits that we have with all of our operatorsis given the size of our portfolio and the breadth of different operators andbrands that we work with, I think we have an opportunity to benchmark everybodyagainst each other and try and continue to push people to find ways to be moreefficient. So I don't think there's ever an end to it. Honestly, I think ifwe're doing our job right, there are always going to be things that we can findwith them to become more efficient. Having said that, clearly with Marriott we together had amajor push over the last two or three years to gain some efficiencies in thehotels. Some of the big gains that we saw from Marriott in the last couple ofyears, we can't keep repeating. We expect to get margin growth, but it is morethe arithmetic of revenue growth as compared to a typical expense growth.That's not to say in individual hotels there won't be many, many opportunitiesto continue to benchmark and find efficiencies. But I think it is true. I do agree with Marriott, some ofthe really sizable gains where we've seen last year particularly, probablyhonestly 50 plus basis points and maybe 50 to 75 basis points in margin gainout of our portfolio with them as a result of our joint efforts on gaininggreater efficiencies, you're not going to see those kind of gains. But on themargins, if we're asset managing properly, we would hope we could always findadditional things to do in individual properties, and obviously in some of theother portfolios we have, there are other initiatives like the initiatives thatwe had with Marriott over the last years that we're working on, always with theobjective of getting a little bit better margin growth than the arithmeticwould suggest. But in the end, when you look at it across the entireportfolio, while there are these opportunities, they're not as great as theopportunities have been because we've had pretty darn good success over thelast couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Crow - Raymond James.
Bill Crow - RaymondJames: Chris, it looks like you guys are building up a little bitof a war chest here with selling more assets than you buy. You've got a bigcash balance and low leverage level. Does this imply anything on your outlooktowards cap rates going forward? Do you think the opportunities are going to bebetter in '08 for either one-off or entity sort of acquisitions?
Chris Nassetta: That's a terrific question. Given what's going on in thecapital markets, particularly on the debt side, we certainly would hope thatover the next 12 to 24 months there may be some opportunities on the M&Aside. I don't think, Bill, that in the short-term we see any really terrificopportunities because those kind of adjustments in the marketplace, frankly,take some time to matriculate through. They don't happen overnight, they don'thappen over a quarter, they happen over a number of quarters. So I wouldn't say we're building a war chest because wethink it's going to be a buying bonanza, by any means. I would think there maybe more opportunities that would meet our criteria in terms of yields over thenext 12 to 24 months than there have been over the last 12 to 20 months. Fromour point of view, I think what we're trying to do with our balance sheet isjust be really prudent given what's going on in the world in terms of where thecapital markets are. Frankly, as we've always said, to make sure that we have alot of flexibility to be able to take advantage of whatever opportunities comeour way. That opportunity may come in the form of M&A. It obviously morerecently has come in the form of investing in our existing portfolio. It alsomay come in the form of buying our own assets, effectively buying back ourstock and having the strength in our balance sheet as we do and the liquiditythat we do, frankly it just gives us all the weapons in the arsenal that wewant to be able to respond to whatever's going on in the environment, to beable to create a significant leap forward in value for the company, in any ofthose categories. All of those categories, I think, are fair game and thedecisions will be made on the basis of where we think we can ultimately,intelligently create the most value.
Bill Crow - RaymondJames: Chris, you talked about how the debt market might trim thesupply growth expectations going forward. Any markets, as you look out to 2008where new supply growth is going to be a problem, that we should be aware oftoday?
Chris Nassetta: None that are unusual that come to mind. You have some ofthese big assets that are really driving the upper end supply numbers, so whenyou think about it, you've got the Hilton in San Diego,you've got the Gaylord here in D.C., and you've got Orlandothat's getting some pretty big initiatives to supply. So I would say, thosedrive a lot of the numbers so whenever those are delivering, I think youultimately have some impact. The good news is, in most of those markets you have verystrong demand and I think the markets can absorb them. Other than the four or fivebig box additions, I don't really see any markets that come to mind that haveunusually significant supply additions that are going to be impacted by '08. In terms of what's going on in the capital markets,obviously the capital markets are coming back a bit and spreads have come in alittle bit and there's a little bit more availability than there was a monthago even, if things continue to stabilize. Having said that, capital for new development of any sort,in particular hotels, is not really very available, if available at all, in themarket today. So certainly anything that's under construction, my expectation,our expectation is will be completed and delivered. But anything that's in theplanning stages or the predevelopment or preconstruction phases, if they can'tget debt financing, I think a lot of those potential new developments are goingto be canceled, more likely be termed postponed, but in some cases canceled,which is not going to probably impact '08 as much as '09 and '10. But the '08 numbers in terms of supply additions, obviously,'07 is below 1%, '08 is at the high end, a bit above 1%. What we've seen inthese numbers is a little bit of ramp up, at least in theory, in '09 and '10.Our expectation, which I think is most definitely supported by what's going onin the debt markets, would suggest that those '09 and '10 numbers are seriouslyat risk; at risk in a good way meaning that the likelihood is you'll seemeaningfully less supply, because if it's not in the ground right now, it's aheck of a lot harder to get it financed.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Ricky Pehret] - KBCFinancial.
Ricky Pehret - KBCFinancial: My questions pertain to the disposition program. First, areyou seeing any changes or the timing to realize these dispositions, has it inany way changed from the last quarter? The last part of this question is, areyou seeing any changes in multiples for these dispositions or replacementvalues per key?
Chris Nassetta: That's a great question. We covered dispositions in ourprepared comments, but not in the way that you're asking it. There's noquestion that getting the dispositions done that we're working on is takinglonger and it's harder, largely driven by my earlier comments about where thedebt capital markets are. They're pretty much impossible on new development andthey're very difficult -- getting a little bit easier, but very difficult --even on existing operating assets. So with the types of assets we've beenselling, which are typically airport and suburban assets, which are mainlyconversion from management to franchise, it's not a huge group of people thatwe're really marketing to, to begin with. While a number of them still can get financing from localbanks, they're not really accessing Wall Street in the same way that some ofthe bigger players are; some others can't. So there's no question that thereare buyers out there, but there's no doubt fewer that can get financed than aquarter ago. But as we've said, I did say in our prepared comments, we're stillmaking good progress on a number of those dispositions and we're prettyconfident between now and the first quarter of next year we're going to get 200million to 400 million of those done. They're definitely going to have taken longer than theywould have otherwise, and on the margin for those types of assets, which aretypically, as I described, suburban and airport kind of assets in secondarymarkets, the pricing and the multiples won't be quite as good, for all thereasons you might guess. To the extent that we can't get over our hold values,obviously we don't sell assets. I think the message in our guidance is that while maybe thepricing has been impacted somewhat and it's taking longer, we still think wecan sell those types of assets and the ones we're working on for meaningfullyin excess of our hold values. Interestingly, at the high end of the market, there hasn'tbeen a lot on the market, and obviously we haven't been selling anything at thehigh end of our portfolio, but you haven't really seen much difference inmultiples or cap rates at that end of the market, partly because not much hasbeen transacting, but also partly because there's still, while the debt marketsare a little bit dysfunctional right now, the equity markets are fluid andthere's still a huge amount of equity capital seeking out high quality realestate assets, including high quality lodging assets. So it's a little bit of abifurcation in terms of how you look at the lower end, secondary, tertiary typesof assets versus the high end, with the lower end having felt some impact andthe higher end really, given the demand from the equity side of the business,not having really experienced it.
Operator: Your final question comes from Celeste Brown - MorganStanley.
Celeste Brown -Morgan Stanley: Chris, can you just talk a little bit more about the fourthquarter? I know you and Marriott management sound pretty confident going intonext year, but 3Q is much stronger than expected based on your results, but thefourth quarter numbers seemed to have pulled back a little bit. Is that justbeing conservative given the lack of visibility or is something else going onthere?
Chris Nassetta: No, I think that's part of it. It is what's been going onWall Street and capital markets, it's certainly a little bit more conservatism.But the way I would look at the fourth quarter and suggest you look at it is,it's still strong. We're obviously, in terms of the growth rate we'reprojecting, it's still a very strong rate of growth. We feel very good, still,about the group business. Obviously, transient was fabulous in the thirdquarter and we have an expectation the fourth quarter will be good as well. Netreservation activity certainly suggests that it's tracking nicely. If you look at the fourth quarter, what's really happeningis it's tracking pretty consistently with what we've seen year-to-date. Whyit's a little bit different than our expectation is that built into ourexpectations a quarter or two ago, where it was a little bit of anacceleration, particularly on the group side in the fourth quarter and whatyou're seeing in our current guidance is some conservatism as you described,given what's going on in the world, but we didn't see quite the acceleration thatwe would in the fourth quarter. As a result, we're giving the guidance we'regiving. Interestingly though, as I said, we did see acceleration in'08. So while we didn't see it in the fourth quarter, and the fourth quarter iskind of trending consistent with where we've been the last couple of quarters,we did see nice acceleration into '08.
Operator: We have no additional questions. I would like to turn thecall over to Mr. Chris Nassetta for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Nassetta: Thank you, everybody for joining us today. Obviously, thethird quarter was great. It's nice to have a good upside surprise, both on thetop line and the bottom line. As I described and we described, we feel verygood about where we are, about the fourth quarter, and feel great about '08. Iappreciate you guys spending the time with us today and great questions.Hopefully the information we gave you was useful and we will look forward totalking to you after we finish the year. Take care and have a great week.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives
